--- Page 1 ---
10205700725-v9 
70-41019079 
 
 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
(a company incorporated with limited liability under the laws of England and Wales) 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 
Note Issuance Programme 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc (the "Issuer") may, from time to time as part of a note issuance programme (the "Programme"), issue notes (the 
"Notes") on a continuing basis, denominated in U.S. dollars or such other currency as the Issuer shall specify in the applicable final terms to 
be issued in connection with such Notes (the "Final Terms"), subject in each case to compliance with all applicable legal and regulatory 
requirements. Notes may also be issued under the Programme on terms set out in a prospectus relating to the Notes that incorporates by 
reference the whole or any part of this Base Prospectus (any such prospectus, a "Series Prospectus"). Where there are references to Final 
Terms in this Base Prospectus, such references shall be deemed to include references to a Series Prospectus when applicable. Subject as set 
out herein, the maximum aggregate principal amount of all Notes outstanding at any one time will not exceed U.S.$3,500,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the "Central Bank") as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation"). The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make 
their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. Such approval relates only to Notes issued under the Programme within 
twelve months after the date hereof which are admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II") and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Such approval relates only to 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin ("Euronext 
Dublin") or other regulated markets for the purposes of MiFID II in any Member State of the European Economic Area. Application has been 
made to Euronext Dublin for Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to the official list (the "Official List") and trading on its 
regulated market. The relevant Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or not application has been made for such 
Notes to be listed on Euronext Dublin  and to be admitted to trading on its regulated market or other regulated market for the purposes of 
MiFID II.  
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no 
obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area and/or offered to the public in the European Economic Area other than in circumstances 
where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation. References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Notes" are to 
Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published for any purpose under the Prospectus Regulation. Exempt Notes do not form part of 
this base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the Central Bank has neither approved nor reviewed information 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes.  The information in relation to Exempt Notes contained herein may not 
include the type, level and detail of disclosure as required by the Prospectus Regulation or other legislation and any investor who acquired 
Exempt Notes will not have any recourse to the Issuer pursuant to any Prospectus Regulation related liability regime. Exempt Notes may be 
admitted to listing, trading or quotation by any relevant authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system or be admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by such other or further relevant authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems, as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
In the case of Exempt Notes, the aggregate principal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined below) will be set out in a pricing supplement (the "Pricing 
Supplement"). In the case of Exempt Notes, references herein to "Final Terms" shall be deemed to be references to a "Pricing Supplement", 
so far as the context admits. 
This Base Prospectus comprises listing particulars (the "Listing Particulars") for the purposes of giving information with regard to the issue 
of Notes which are money market instruments having a maturity of less than 12 months under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
after the date hereof. References throughout this document to Base Prospectus shall be deemed to read Listing Particulars for such purpose. 
Application will be made to Euronext Dublin for such Notes to be admitted to listing and trading on Euronext Dublin Regulated Market as 
commercial paper. The issue of such Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months as commercial paper under the Programme falls outside 
the scope of the Prospectus Regulation and the Listing Particulars and Final Terms prepared for any such issue have not been approved or 
reviewed by the Central Bank. 
Notes will be issued in one or more series (each a "Series"). Each Series shall be all in bearer form or all in registered form and may be issued 
in one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") on different issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (except in relation to interest 
commencement dates and matters related thereto). 
The specific terms of each Series of Notes will be set forth in the Final Terms relating to that Series. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of any Series may be restricted upon the occurrence of any event specified in the Final Terms 
relating to such Series. These may include, inter alia, a Credit Event (as each such term is defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") or 
any other event or circumstance specified in the applicable Final Terms. The terms of any Series may provide that, in any such event, the Issuer 
shall be entitled to redeem the Notes of such Series in whole but not in part by payment of an amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
(which may be less than the outstanding principal amount of such Notes) and/or by delivery of such asset(s) as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in lieu of any payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of the Notes — see Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes, Condition 5.2 herein and the applicable Final Terms. The terms of any such Series may further provide that, upon such payment or

--- Page 2 ---
10205700725-v9 
70-41019079 
 
delivery in full in accordance with such provisions, all claims in respect of any balance of the Notes of such Series which would, but for the 
operation of such provisions, have been payable, shall be extinguished. 
The Notes will not contain any provision that would oblige the Issuer to gross-up any amounts payable in respect of interest or principal in the 
event of any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied in any jurisdiction (including the United Kingdom). 
The Programme is not rated but it is anticipated that certain Series of Notes may be rated by independent rating agencies. Where a Series of 
Notes is rated, such rating will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
The Final Terms for such a Series of Notes will disclose whether or not any such credit rating will be (i) issued or endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (ii) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Economic Area ("EEA") and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus contains references to credit ratings granted by Moody's Investors Service Inc, Standard & Poor's Inc. and Fitch Ratings 
Limited. None of Moody's Investors Service Inc., Standard & Poor's Inc. and Fitch Rating Limited is established in the European Union is and 
none of them is registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of the issue based on the prevailing market 
conditions. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language in 
order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed "Risk Factors" in this Base Prospectus. This Base 
Prospectus does not describe all of the risks of an investment in the Notes. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 July 2021

--- Page 3 ---
10205700725-v9 
- i -
70-41019079 
 
Replacement of Prior Base Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus supersedes and replaces in its entirety the previous Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2020 
relating to the Programme. Any Notes issued under the Programme pursuant to this Base Prospectus are 
issued subject to the provisions herein. This does not affect any Notes issued prior to the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Base Prospectus under Prospectus Regulation 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and for the purpose of giving information which is material to an investor for making an informed 
assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the 
rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for the issuance and its impact on the Issuer. 
Responsibility for Information in Base Prospectus 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, to 
the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance 
with the facts and this Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Notwithstanding the above paragraph or anything else in this Base Prospectus, the Issuer will not accept 
responsibility for the information given in this Base Prospectus or any relevant Final Terms in relation to 
offers of Notes made by an offeror not authorised by the Issuer (if any) to make such offers. Generally, 
each person named as "Dealer" or "Manager" and any party named as a "Distributor" or other "placer" in 
the Final Terms will be so authorised, but any other party generally will not. Potential purchasers should 
therefore enquire whether the relevant offeror is so authorised by the Issuer and, if it is not, the potential 
purchaser should be aware that the Issuer will not be responsible for this Base Prospectus or relevant Final 
Terms for the purposes of the relevant securities laws in the context of the offer of the Notes to the public. 
If a potential purchaser is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and relevant Final 
Terms and/or who is responsible for the contents thereof, it should take legal advice. 
Refer Only to the Information Provided in this Base Prospectus and any Supplements hereto 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in (or incorporated by reference into) this Base Prospectus (together with any supplements 
published by the Issuer from time to time) and the relevant Final Terms in connection with the issue or sale 
of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by or on behalf of the Issuer. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus, any supplements 
hereto nor any Final Terms nor any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the information contained herein since the date hereof or 
(if later) the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that 
there has been no adverse change in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or (if later) the 
date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. Investors should 
review, inter alia, the most recent published financial statements of the Issuer when deciding whether or 
not to purchase any Notes. Any website mentioned herein does not form part of the Base Prospectus. 
Minimum Specified Denomination 
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum specified denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at the 
date of issue of the Notes). 
This Base Prospectus is Not a Recommendation, Invitation or Offer to Purchase the Notes; Investors 
Must Form Their Own Views on the Merits of an Investment in Notes 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme (i) is 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered as a 
recommendation or constituting an invitation or offer by the Issuer that any recipient of this Base

--- Page 4 ---
10205700725-v9 
- ii -
70-41019079 
 
Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should 
purchase any Notes. Prospective investors of the Notes should ensure that they understand the nature of the 
Notes and the extent of their exposure to risk and that they consider the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in the light of their own circumstances and financial condition. Prospective investors should 
conduct their own investigations and, in deciding whether or not to purchase Notes, should form their own 
views of the merits of an investment related to the Notes based upon such investigations and not in reliance 
upon any information given in this document or the applicable Final Terms. In particular, each investor 
contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or 
other relevant obligor of any obligation to which the Notes may be linked or, as the case may be, of the 
risks inherent in the Notes relating to any relevant jurisdiction or any governmental authority, in each case 
as may be relevant to such Notes. If in doubt potential investors are strongly recommended to consult with 
their financial advisers before making any investment decision. Potential purchasers should determine for 
themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus as supplemented, updated or 
revised from time to time and their interest in the purchase of any Notes should be based upon such 
investigations as they themselves deem necessary. No representation or warranty is made or intended by 
the Issuer as to the particular legal, tax, accounting or other regulatory treatment of the Notes in any country, 
state or jurisdiction whatsoever. 
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing 
Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" 
which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution 
of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by 
either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), 
any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise no such 
Dealer nor any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance 
Rules. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, 
in the case of Exempt Notes) will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will 
outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes 
are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules"), is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise no such Dealer nor any of its affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II;. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as 
amended (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the 
PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 5 ---
10205700725-v9 
- iii -
70-41019079 
 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should 
not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA") 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
EU BENCHMARKS REGULATION - Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be 
calculated by reference to certain reference rates. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for 
the purposes of regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation"). If any such reference rate 
does constitute such a benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided 
by an administrator included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. Transitional provisions in the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation may have the result that the administrator of a particular benchmark is not required 
to appear in the register of administrators and benchmarks at the date of the Final Terms. The registration 
status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and, save 
where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect any change 
in the registration status of the administrator. 
PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND 
FUTURES ACT (CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures 
Act Product Classification" which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 
309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"). 
The Issuer will make a determination in relation to each issue about the classification of the Notes being 
offered for purposes of section 309B(1)(a). Any such legend included on the relevant Final Terms will 
constitute notice to "relevant persons" for purposes of section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
General Restriction on Distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering or sale of the Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms come are required by the Issuer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction. The 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the "Securities Act") and include Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Bearer Notes) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")). For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of 
Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, see "Selling Restrictions". 
Certain Irish Disclaimers and Restrictions 
The Issuer is not regulated by the Central Bank. The Notes will not have the status of a bank deposit under 
Irish law and are not within the scope of the Deposit Protection Scheme operated by the Central Bank. 
Where the Issuer wishes to issue Notes with maturity of less than one year, it shall ensure that it is in full 
compliance with the notice BSD C 01/02 issued by the Central Bank of exemptions granted under Section 
8(2) of the Central Bank Act, of Ireland (the "Central Bank Act") as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
10205700725-v9 
- iv -
70-41019079 
 
U.S. Notices 
The Notes are being offered and sold (i) outside the United States to non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S and (ii) within the United States to "qualified institutional buyers" as defined in Rule 144A 
under the Securities Act ("Rule 144A") pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Prospective investors are hereby notified that sellers of 
Notes may be relying on the exemption from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by 
Rule 144A or pursuant to another exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. For 
a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of Notes, see "Selling Restrictions" and "Transfer 
Restrictions". 
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN APPROVED OR DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND 
EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES 
OR ANY OTHER U.S. REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING 
AUTHORITIES PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF THE OFFERING OF NOTES OR 
THE ACCURACY OR THE ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION 
TO THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Available Information 
The Issuer has agreed that, for so long as any Notes are "restricted securities" within the meaning of Rule 
144(a)(3) under the Securities Act, the Issuer will, during any period in which it is neither subject to Section 
13 or 15(d) of the United States Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") nor exempt from 
reporting pursuant to Rule 12g3-2(b) thereunder, provide to any holder or beneficial owner of such 
restricted securities or to any prospective investor of such restricted securities designated by such holder or 
beneficial owner, in each case upon the request of such holder, beneficial owner or prospective investor, 
the information required to be provided by Rule 144A(d)(4) under the Securities Act. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the 
terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must 
end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days 
after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment 
must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
Forward-Looking Statements 
This Base Prospectus includes "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of Section 27A of the 
Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. All statements other than statements of historical facts 
included in this Base Prospectus, including, without limitation, those regarding the Issuer's financial 
position, business strategy, plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking 
statements. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which may cause the actual results, performance or achievements of the Issuer to be materially 
different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on numerous assumptions regarding the 
Issuer's present and future business strategies and the environment in which the Issuer will operate in the 
future. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any 
forward-looking statement contained herein to reflect any change in the Issuer's expectations with regard 
thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
Currency Abbreviations 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "US 
dollars" and "U.S.$" are to United States dollars, references to "euro" and "€" are to the lawful currency

--- Page 7 ---
10205700725-v9 
- v -
70-41019079 
 
of the Member States of the European Union that adopt the single currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union and references to "£" 
and "sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom. 
THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF SOME NOTES WILL PROVIDE THAT THE AMOUNT 
REPAYABLE ON MATURITY MAY BE LESS THAN THE ORIGINAL INVESTED AMOUNT 
(AND IN SOME CASES MAY BE ZERO), IN WHICH CASE INVESTORS MAY LOSE SOME 
OR ALL OF THEIR ORIGINAL INVESTMENT.

--- Page 8 ---
10205700725-v9 
- vi -
70-41019079 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ....................................................................................................... 7 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 12 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................. 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................... 38 
CREDIT LINKED DERIVATIVES ANNEX ............................................................................................ 81 
DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS ...................................................................... 143 
FUND LINKED NOTE ANNEX ............................................................................................................. 148 
CURRENCY ANNEX ............................................................................................................................. 155 
RATE OPTION ANNEX ......................................................................................................................... 175 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM ............. 179 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT.......................................................................................................... 184 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 187 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC ......................................................... 188 
RISK MANAGEMENT ........................................................................................................................... 193 
MANAGEMENT ..................................................................................................................................... 204 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS ......................................................................................... 206 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC .......... 207 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS .................................................................................................. 209 
TAXATION ............................................................................................................................................. 211 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS .................................................................... 225 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS .................................................................................................................... 231 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS ................................................................................................................ 236 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ...................................................................................................................... 244 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT ..................................................................................................... 276 
GENERAL INFORMATION .................................................................................................................. 306

--- Page 9 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 7 -
70-41019079 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation 
to the terms and conditions of any particular Series of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. Words and 
expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in this overview. 
Issuer 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc  
Description 
Note Issuance Programme. 
Size 
Up to U.S.$3,500,000,000 (and, for this purpose, any 
Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated 
into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate, as determined by 
the Issuer, for the purchase of U.S. dollars for such other 
currency on the date of the issue of such Notes) in the 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any 
one time. The amount of the Programme may be increased 
by the Issuer from time to time and, in each such case, a 
supplemental prospectus will be published. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes may be issued as bearer Notes ("Bearer 
Notes"), either in definitive form ("Definitive Notes"), or 
represented by one or more global Notes ("Global 
Notes"). Notes may alternatively be issued in registered 
form ("Registered Notes") and represented by either 
individual certificates or one or more global certificates 
(together, the "Certificates"). Registered Notes which are 
sold in an "offshore transaction" within the meaning of 
Regulation S (the "Unrestricted Notes") will be 
represented initially by a registered global certificate (an 
"Unrestricted Global Certificate"). Registered Notes 
which are sold in the United States to "qualified 
institutional buyers" within the meaning of Rule 144A 
(the "Restricted Notes") will be represented initially by a 
separate registered global certificate (a "Restricted 
Global Certificate" and, together with the Unrestricted 
Global Certificate, the "Global Certificates"). 
Currencies 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, 
Notes may be issued in U.S. dollars, or any other currency 
as may be specified by the Issuer in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Method of Issue of Notes 
The Notes will be issued on a non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a "Series"). The Notes 
of each Series will be subject to identical terms, whether 
as to currency, interest, maturity or otherwise, other than 
in respect of the Issue Date or the Interest Commencement 
Date and the Issue Price (all as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms.) 
Maturities 
Such maturity or maturities as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) and/or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer or the currency of issue. 
Issue Price 
The Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or partly-paid 
basis and at an issue price which is at par or at a discount 
or a premium to par.

--- Page 10 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 8 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Underlying 
The Notes may be linked to the performance of a 
Reference Entity, fund or specified currency. 
Interest Rates 
The Notes may or may not be interest-bearing. Interest on 
interest-bearing Notes may be at a fixed or floating rate or 
calculated by reference to a variable and may vary during 
the tenor of the relevant Series. 
Variable Linked Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Variable 
Linked Notes will be calculated by reference to the value 
of a particular security or index or such securities or 
indices or other variable, currency exchange rate and/or 
formula as specified in the Conditions and as the Issuer 
may complete in the applicable Final Terms. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates 
in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined 
(separately for each Series) in one of the following ways: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a 
notional interest rate swap transaction in the 
relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement 
incorporating 
the 
2006 
ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; 
 
(ii) 
by reference to LIBOR, LIBID, LIMEAN, 
EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR as adjusted for any 
applicable margin; or 
 
(iii) 
by reference to such rate as may be selected from 
Part 2 of the Rate Option Annex. 
Interest Period and Rates of Interest 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate, or both. The use of interest accrual periods 
permits the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the 
same interest period. All such information will be set out 
in the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Zero Coupon Notes will not bear interest other than in the 
case of late payment. 
Dual Currency Notes 
Payments (whether in respect of principal or interest and 
whether at maturity or otherwise) in respect of Dual 
Currency Notes will be made in such currencies, and 
based on such rates of exchange, as shall be indicated in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Terms and Conditions 
The Notes of each Series (other than Exempt Notes) are 
subject to the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", as 
completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
 
In the case of Exempt Notes only, the Notes of each Series 
are subject to the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" as

--- Page 11 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 9 -
70-41019079 
 
 
supplemented, replaced or modified by the terms of the 
applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Early Redemption 
Subject always to the occurrence of a Specified Event (if 
applicable) and the satisfaction of any conditions 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Terms relating to each Series of Notes will indicate 
either that the Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their 
stated maturity (other than in specified instalments (see 
below), if applicable, or, at the Issuer's option, for taxation 
reasons) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer and/or the Noteholders upon giving 
irrevocable notice (the notice period (if any) being 
indicated in the Conditions or the applicable Final Terms) 
to the Noteholders or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a 
date or dates specified prior to such stated maturity and at 
a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the 
Conditions and as completed by the applicable Final 
Terms. See Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase Options 
and Physical Delivery) for further details. The applicable 
Final Terms may provide that Notes shall be repayable in 
two or more instalments of such amounts and on such 
dates as indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Redemption upon the occurrence of a 
Specified Event 
The Final Terms in respect of a Series of Notes may 
provide that upon the occurrence of a Specified Event and 
the satisfaction by the Issuer of all of the conditions 
specified in the Conditions as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms, the Issuer's obligation to redeem the Notes 
of any Series at the Maturity Redemption Amount will be 
replaced by an obligation to redeem the Notes at such 
amount specified in, or calculated pursuant to the terms 
set out in, the Conditions as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms (which may be less than the outstanding 
principal amount of such Notes) and/or by the delivery of 
any asset(s) as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the market value of which may be less than the 
outstanding principal amount of such Notes. 
 
Payment by the Issuer of any amount so specified and/or 
delivery by the Issuer of any asset so specified in 
accordance with the Conditions and the provisions of the 
applicable Final Terms shall satisfy the obligations of the 
Issuer with respect to the Notes of the relevant Series and 
Noteholders shall have no claim in respect of any amounts 
which would, but for the operation of the provisions of the 
Conditions and such Final Terms, have been payable in 
respect of such Notes. 
Specified Denomination 
Notes will be in such denominations as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, save that in the case of any 
Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market within the European Economic Area or the UK or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area or in the UK in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus 
Regulation, 
the 
minimum 
specified 
denomination shall be at least €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency as at the date of issue of the Notes). 
Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global

--- Page 12 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 10 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Certificate will have a minimum denomination of at least 
U.S.$100,000. 
Taxation 
The Notes will not contain any provision that would 
oblige the Issuer to gross-up any amounts payable in 
respect of interest or principal in the event of any 
withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied 
in the United Kingdom or any other country. 
 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem the Notes upon 
notice early at the Early Redemption Amount (adjusted 
where appropriate) in certain circumstances specified in 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons). 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer ranking at all times 
pari passu and without preference among themselves. 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
Notes of any Series (other than Exempt Notes) may, if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, be listed on the 
Official List of Euronext Dublin and admitted to trading 
on its regulated market within 12 months of the date of 
this Base Prospectus.  
 
If specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
application may be made for Notes issued under the 
programme to be listed on any stock exchange. Any such 
application will be subject to the requirements of any 
stock exchange and/or approval by any relevant body and 
no assurance is given that such listing will be obtained or 
thereafter maintained. 
Rating 
The Programme is not rated but it is anticipated that 
certain Series of Notes may be rated by independent rating 
agencies. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
 
A credit rating may be assigned to a specific Series of 
Notes to be issued under the Programme and the Issuer, 
and any such rating may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms.  
The Final Terms for such a Series of Notes will disclose 
whether or not any such credit rating will be (i) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the EU CRA Regulation; and/or (ii) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Governing Law 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with them will be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law.

--- Page 13 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 11 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Clearing System 
Bearer Notes and Registered Notes may be eligible for 
clearing and settlement through the electronic clearing 
and settlement systems operated by Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear"), Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream Luxembourg") and/or the Depository 
Trust Company ("DTC"), any successor or other clearing 
system specified in the applicable Final Terms thereto. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States, EEA, United Kingdom, Ireland, Singapore 
and any other jurisdiction relevant to any Series. See 
"Selling Restrictions". 
 
The Notes issued hereunder will be subject to Category 2 
for the purposes of Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
 
Notes in bearer form will be issued in compliance with 
U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") 
unless (i) the relevant Final Terms states that Notes are 
issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") or (ii) the Notes are issued 
other than in compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules 
but in circumstances in which the Notes will not constitute 
"registration required obligations" for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, which will be referred to in the relevant 
Final Terms as a transaction to which the United States 
Tax Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 
("TEFRA") is not applicable. 
ERISA 
The Notes (or an interest therein) may be acquired by, on 
behalf of, or with the assets of any Benefit Plan Investor 
or Similar Plan, subject to certain restrictions. See 
"Certain ERISA and Related Considerations" and 
"Transfer Restrictions". 
Supplements 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a 
supplemental prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the Issuer will prepare and make 
available an appropriate amendment or supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or a further prospectus. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by 
the Issuer for its general funding purposes (including the 
establishment of hedging positions in connection with the 
Notes).

--- Page 14 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 12 -
70-41019079 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued 
under the Programme. All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and the Issuer is 
not in a position to express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. 
Factors which the Issuer believes may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in 
Notes issued under the Programme, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts 
on or in connection with any Notes for other reasons and the Issuer does not represent that the statements 
below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus (including any documents deemed to be 
incorporated by reference herein) and in the applicable Final Terms and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
This Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice – a prospective investor should 
conduct its own thorough analysis (including its own accounting, legal and tax analysis) prior to deciding 
whether to invest in the Notes. In particular, each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on 
its own independent review and such professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, 
that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully consistent with its (or if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary 
capacity, the beneficiary's) financial needs, objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent 
with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as 
principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is 
acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial 
risks inherent in investing in or holding the Notes. In particular, investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) 
the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as underlying securities for various types 
of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of 
Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Under certain circumstances, some of which are described below, an investor may lose all or a 
substantial portion of their initial investment amount in the Notes. 
The risk factors set out below are organised into the following sub-sections: 
 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
 
Risk factors relating to the market 
 
Risk factors relating to potential conflicts of interest 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer 
Set out below are certain risk factors which could affect the Issuer's future results and financial position 
and cause them to be materially different from what is expected. The Issuer's results could also be affected 
by competition and other factors. The factors discussed below should not be regarded as a complete and 
comprehensive statement of all potential risks and uncertainties the Issuer's businesses face. 
ICBC may not provide support to the Issuer 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited ("ICBC") has undertaken, by way of a statement of 
support, to ensure that the Issuer is able to meet its financial obligations and maintain a minimum level of 
capital adequacy. Noteholders should be aware that the statement of support does not constitute a legal 
guarantee by ICBC and is not legally enforceable by Noteholders. There is no certainty that ICBC would 
be able or willing to assist the Issuer were the Issuer unable to pay any amounts due to Noteholders.

--- Page 15 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 13 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Risks relating to the impact of COVID-19 
The COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses around the world 
and the economic environments in which they operate. There are a number of factors associated with the 
pandemic and its impact on global economies that could have a material adverse effect on (among other 
things) the profitability, capital and liquidity of financial institutions such as the Issuer 
The COVID-19 pandemic has caused disruption to the Issuer's customers, suppliers and staff globally. A 
number of jurisdictions and markets in which the Issuer operates have implemented severe restrictions on 
the movement of their respective populations, with a resultant significant impact on economic activity in 
those jurisdictions. 
These restrictions are being determined by the governments of individual jurisdictions (including through 
the implementation of emergency powers) and impacts (including the timing of implementation and any 
subsequent lifting of restrictions) may vary from jurisdiction to jurisdiction. It remains unclear how this 
will evolve through 2021 and the Issuer continues to monitor the situation closely. However, despite the 
COVID-19 contingency plans established by the the Issuer, its ability to conduct business may be adversely 
affected by disruptions to its infrastructure, business processes and technology services, resulting from the 
unavailability of staff due to illness or the failure of third parties to supply services. This may cause 
significant customer detriment, costs to reimburse losses incurred by the Issuer's customers, and 
reputational damage.  
The actions taken by various governments and central banks may indicate a view on the potential severity 
of any economic downturn and post recovery environment, which from a commercial, regulatory and risk 
perspective could be significantly different to past crises and persist for a prolonged period. The COVID-
19 pandemic has led to a weakening in gross domestic product in many of the jurisdictions in which the 
Issuer operates and higher unemployment in those same jurisdictions. Accordingly, the probability of a 
more adverse economic scenario for at least the short term is substantially higher than at 31 December 
2019. The economic environment remains uncertain and future impairment charges may be subject to 
further volatility (including from changes to macroeconomic variable forecasts) depending on the longevity 
of the COVID-19 pandemic and related containment measures, as well as the longer term effectiveness of 
central bank, government and other support measures. Finally, the COVID-19 pandemic could increase the 
probability and magnitude of various existing risks faced by the Issuer such as pressure on revenues due in 
particular to a further reduction in market interest rates and a likely prolongation of the low interest rate 
environment and increased risk of a ratings downgrades; higher risk weighted assets due to the deterioration 
of risk parameters hence affecting the Issuer's capital position. 
The Issuer's operations focus on emerging markets 
The Issuer's operations focus on emerging markets including ones in Eastern Europe, Africa, Middle East, 
the People's Republic of China, South East Asia and Latin America and these operations expose it to risks, 
arising from the political and economic environment, that could adversely affect its financial conditions 
and results. Operations in some of these markets present various risks that do not necessarily apply to 
businesses in Western Europe. Some of these markets are more volatile and less developed economically 
and politically than markets in Western Europe. The Issuer faces significant economic and political risk in 
these markets, including economic volatility, recession, inflationary pressure, exchange rate risk, 
interruption of business, as well as civil unrest, imposition of exchange controls, expropriation, 
nationalisation, renegotiation or nullification of existing contracts and changes in law or tax policy. These 
risks could result in an adverse impact on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. 
Investors should also note that such emerging economies are subject to rapid change and that some of the 
information set out in this Base Prospectus may become outdated relatively quickly. Accordingly, investors 
should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves whether, in 
light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. 
The nature and impact of future changes in laws, regulations and regulatory policies are not predictable and 
are beyond the Issuer's control, and changes in such laws, regulations and regulatory policies may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 16 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 14 -
70-41019079 
 
 
A significant proportion of the Issuer's net income is comprised of trading revenue, which may be volatile 
The Issuer's trading revenue was U.S.$285.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2020 (excluding 
losses on commodity inventory intermediation and recoveries on commodity reverse repurchase 
agreements) and U.S.$213.0 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 (excluding losses on commodity 
inventory intermediation). The Issuer's income from such activities depends on numerous factors beyond 
its control, such as overall market activity, the level of interest rates, volatility in foreign exchange and 
interest rates, commodity price fluctuations, domestic and international economic and political conditions 
and general market volatility. The Issuer has limits in place for its trading portfolio for types of securities 
and single named issuers, which are designed to limit its portfolio risk to an acceptable level. Nevertheless, 
market price fluctuations may adversely affect both the volume of, and fees generated from, the Issuer's 
trading activities and the value of its portfolio, which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
The Issuer is exposed to credit risk and may be subject to increases in credit impairment charges 
Credit risk arises mostly from lending, related banking product activities (including underwriting activity), 
traded products (such as derivative contracts) and securities borrowing and lending products. In lending 
transactions, credit risk arises through non-performance by a customer or market counterparty for facilities 
granted. These facilities are typically loans and advances, including the advancement of securities and 
contracts to support customer obligations such as letters of credit and guarantees. In trading activities, credit 
losses arise due to non-performance by a counterparty for payments linked to trading-related financial 
obligations. Market and credit risk overlap in traded credit products (whether traded as principal or held as 
collateral) including debt instruments and credit derivatives. In these circumstances, issuer concentration 
and default risks are managed through credit and country risk processes, and market price sensitivity 
through market risk processes. 
A formal structure exists for the approval of credit limits. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's most 
significant credit exposures were through reverse repurchase agreements, loans and advances to banks, 
other financial institutions and customers (U.S.$7,388.7 million as at 31 December 2020 as opposed to 
U.S.$5,781.2 million as at 31 December 2019), balances with central banks (U.S.$3,117.0 million as at 31 
December 2020 as opposed to U.S.$2,844.3 million as at 31 December 2019), financial assets held for 
trading (U.S.$2,187.6 million as at 31 December 2020 as opposed to U.S.$1,920.0 million as at 31 
December 2019) and non-trading financial assets at fair value through profit or loss (U.S.$1,971.5 million 
as at 31 December 2020 as opposed to U.S.$1,305.3 million as at 31 December 2019). The Issuer's total 
credit risk as at 31 December 2020 is disclosed on page 130 of its 2020 annual financial statements. The 
Issuer has a relatively diverse geographic exposure to credit risk through loans and advances, with its largest 
exposures in Sub-Saharan Africa (36.5 per cent.). Other exposures are in the Eurozone (10.5 per cent.), 
Rest of Europe (32.5 per cent.), Asia-Pacific (7.4 per cent.), Middle East and North Africa (7.2 per cent.) 
and North America (5.9 per cent.). Deterioration in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and 
counterparties could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of 
operations. Adverse changes in the credit quality of the Issuer's borrowers and counterparties could reduce 
the value of the Issuer's assets, and require increased provisions for bad and doubtful debts. In addition, 
changes in economic conditions may result in deterioration in the value of security held against lending 
exposures and increase the risk of loss in the event of borrower default. 
The Issuer is subject to liquidity and interest rate risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer is not able to meet its payment obligations as they fall due. The 
Issuer manages the liquidity structure of its assets, liabilities and commitments to ensure that its operations 
can always meet its funding needs and the statutory liquidity ratio requirement. The Issuer relies largely on 
continuous access to financial markets for short and long term financing. An inability to access funds may 
result in an inability to finance its operations. The Issuer's Risk Management Committee reviews the current 
and prospective funding requirements for all operations on an on-going basis through regular review of the 
liquidity ratio, maturity mismatch, deposit base diversification and stability as well as liquidity stress testing 
results. In addition, standby facilities are maintained to provide strategic liquidity to meet unexpected and 
material cash outflows in the ordinary course of business. The Issuer maintained a strong liquidity profile 
throughout the 2020 financial year. If the Issuer is not able to re-finance its liabilities as they become due, 
it could suffer an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations.

--- Page 17 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 15 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Issuer's control, including monetary policies 
and national and international political conditions. Changes in market interest rates may affect the interest 
rates the Issuer earns on its interest earning assets differently from the interest rates it pays on its interest 
bearing liabilities. Rising interest rates could also result in an increase in the Issuer's impairment losses on 
loans and advances if clients cannot meet their interest or principal payment obligations in a higher interest 
rate environment. This difference could reduce the Issuer's net income, despite any hedging activities the 
Issuer undertakes. The principal interest rate risk to which the Issuer is exposed occurs in its trading 
portfolio, which is managed as part of market risk. Within its non-trading portfolio, the principal risk to 
which the Issuer is exposed is the risk of loss from fluctuations in future cash flows because of a change in 
market interest rates. If the Issuer is subject to adverse changes in interest rates, it could suffer an adverse 
effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is exposed to financial crime risks 
The Issuer is exposed to financial crime risks, including (but not limited) to bribery and corruption, money 
laundering, terrorist financing, fraud, tax evasion, modern slavery and sanctions violations. These risks may 
arise not only through the activities of the Issuer's own employees, but also through the Issuer's relationships 
with clients (including corporations and sovereigns), service providers, and other third parties. In particular, 
the Issuer's operations focus on a wide range of emerging markets and commodities (as well as currencies, 
securities and other assets and/ or transactions issued or originated in emerging market jurisdictions). 
Accordingly, the Issuer is likely to be comparatively more exposed to these types of financial crime risks 
than entities that focus their operations on a narrower range of jurisdictions and/ or products, or on 
comparatively more developed and/or transparent markets, or on other asset classes. Such financial crime 
risks expose the Issuer to compliance costs and the risk of trading losses, litigation and/or regulatory 
sanctions, fines or penalties – any of which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer's operations. The 
Issuer has policies, procedures, systems and controls in place to protect against these financial crime risks 
and to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules. 
Regulatory action in the event that the Issuer is failing or is likely to fail or the Issuer becomes non-
viable could materially adversely affect the value of the Notes 
The Banking Act confers substantial powers on a number of UK authorities designed to enable them to take 
a range of actions in relation to UK banks and certain of their affiliates in the event a bank in the same 
group is considered to be failing or likely to fail. The exercise of any of these actions in relation to the 
Issuer could materially adversely affect the value of any Notes. 
Under the UK's Banking Act 2009 (as amended, the "Banking Act"), substantial powers are granted to the 
Bank of England (or, in certain circumstances, HM Treasury), in consultation with the Prudential 
Regulation Authority (the "PRA", the FCA and HM Treasury, as appropriate (together, the "Authorities") 
as part of a special resolution regime (the "SRR"). The purpose of these powers is to provide the relevant 
authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution 
so as to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions, while minimising 
the impact of an institution's failure on the economy and financial system. 
These powers enable the Authorities to implement resolution measures with respect to a UK bank, building 
society or investment firm and certain of their affiliates (each a "relevant entity") in circumstances in 
which the Authorities are satisfied that the resolution conditions are met. 
The SRR consists of five stabilisation options and two insolvency and administration procedures applicable 
to UK banks which may be commenced by the Authorities. The stabilisation options provide for: 
(i) 
private sector transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity; 
(ii) 
transfer of all or part of the business of the relevant entity to a "bridge bank" established by the 
Bank of England; 
(iii) 
transfer to an asset management vehicle; 
(iv) 
the bail-in option; and 
(v) 
temporary public ownership (nationalisation) of the relevant entity.

--- Page 18 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 16 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Each of these stabilisation options is achieved through the exercise of one or more "stabilisation powers", 
which include: (i) the power to make share transfer orders pursuant to which all or some of the securities 
issued by a UK bank may be transferred to a commercial purchaser, a bridge bank or the UK government; 
(ii) the resolution instrument power which may make provision for bail-in; (iii) the power to transfer all or 
some of the property, rights and liabilities of a UK bank to a commercial purchaser or Bank of England 
entity; and (iv) the third country instrument powers that recognise the effect of similar special resolution 
action taken under the law of a country outside the EEA and the UK (a "Third Country"). A share transfer 
order can extend to a wide range of securities, including shares and bonds issued by a UK bank or its 
holding company and warrants for such shares and bonds and could, therefore, apply to the Notes. In 
addition, the Banking Act grants powers to modify contractual arrangements in certain circumstances, 
powers to suspend enforcement or termination rights that might be invoked as a result of the exercise of the 
resolution powers and powers for the relevant Authority to disapply or modify laws (with possible 
retrospective effect) to enable the powers under the Banking Act to be used effectively. 
Noteholders should assume that, in a resolution situation, financial public support will only be available to 
a relevant entity as a last resort after the relevant U.K. resolution authorities have assessed and exploited, 
to the maximum extent practicable, the resolution tools, including the bail-in tool. The exercise of any 
resolution power or any suggestion of any such exercise could materially adversely affect the value of any 
Notes and could lead to Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in the Notes. 
The SRR is designed to be triggered prior to insolvency of the Issuer and Noteholders may not be able to 
anticipate the exercise of any resolution power by the relevant Authority. 
The stabilisation options are intended to be used prior to the point at which any insolvency proceedings 
with respect to the relevant entity could have been initiated. The purpose of the stabilisation options is to 
address the situation where all or part of a business of a relevant entity has encountered, or is likely to 
encounter, financial difficulties, giving rise to wider public interest concerns. Accordingly, the stabilisation 
options may be exercised if (a) the relevant Authority is satisfied that a UK bank (such as the Issuer) is 
failing, or is likely to fail, (b) the relevant Authority determines that it is not reasonably likely that (ignoring 
the stabilisation powers) action will be taken by or in respect of a UK bank that will result in condition (a) 
above ceasing to be met, (c) the relevant Authority considers the exercise of the stabilisation powers to be 
necessary, having regard to certain public interest considerations (such as the stability of the UK financial 
system, public confidence in the UK banking system and the protection of depositors, being some of the 
special resolution objectives) and (d) the relevant Authority considers that the special resolution objectives 
would not be met to the same extent by the winding-up of the UK bank. In the event that the Authorities 
seek to exercise their powers in relation to a UK banking group company, the relevant Authority has to be 
satisfied that (A) the conditions set out in (a) to (d) above are met in respect of a UK bank in the same 
banking group (or, in respect of an EEA or Third Country credit institution or investment firm in the same 
banking group, the relevant EEA or Third Country resolution authority is satisfied that the conditions for 
resolution applicable in its jurisdiction are met) and (B) certain criteria are met, such as the exercise of the 
powers in relation to such UK banking group company being necessary having regard to public interest 
considerations. The use of different stabilisation powers is also subject to further specific conditions that 
vary according to the relevant stabilisation power being used. 
Although the Banking Act provides for the conditions described above to the exercise of any resolution 
powers, it is uncertain how the relevant Authority would assess such conditions in different pre-insolvency 
scenarios affecting the Issuer and/or other members of the Issuer's group and in deciding whether to exercise 
a resolution power. The relevant Authority is also not required to provide any advance notice to Noteholders 
of its decision to exercise any resolution power. Therefore, Noteholders may not be able to anticipate a 
potential exercise of any such powers nor the potential effect of any exercise of such powers on the Issuer, 
the Issuer's group and the Notes. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge the exercise of any resolution powers by the 
relevant Authority 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
relevant Authority to exercise its resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a judicial or 
administrative process or otherwise.

--- Page 19 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 17 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The bail-in option may be exercised in respect of all liabilities not excluded or protected, including the 
Notes, which may result in Noteholders losing some or all of their investment in the Notes. 
The bail-in option has been introduced as an additional tool available to the relevant Authority, to enable it 
to recapitalise a failed institution by allocating losses to its shareholders and unsecured creditors (which 
includes Noteholders) in a manner that (i) ought to respect the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency 
and (ii) is consistent with shareholders and creditors not receiving a less favourable treatment than they 
would have received in ordinary insolvency proceedings of the relevant entity (known as the "no creditor 
worse off" safeguard). Certain liabilities are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool, such as insured 
deposits and liabilities to the extent they are secured. The Banking Act also grants the powers for the 
relevant Authority to exclude any liability or class of liabilities on certain prescribed grounds (including 
financial stability grounds) and subject to specified conditions. 
The bail-in option includes the power to cancel a liability or modify the terms of contracts for the purposes 
of reducing or deferring the liabilities of the relevant entity under resolution and the power to convert a 
liability from one form or class to another. The exercise of such powers may result in the cancellation of 
all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, interest on, or any other amounts payable on, the Notes and/or 
the conversion of all or a portion of the principal amount of, interest on, or any other amounts payable on, 
the Notes into shares or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by 
means of a variation to the terms of the Notes, in each case, to give effect to the exercise by the relevant 
Authority of such power. 
Where the relevant statutory conditions for intervention under the SRR and the use of the bail-in tool have 
been met, the relevant Authority would be expected to exercise these powers without the consent of the 
Noteholders. 
The Banking Act specifies the order in which the bail-in tool should be applied, reflecting the hierarchy of 
capital instruments and otherwise respecting the hierarchy of claims in an ordinary insolvency. In addition, 
the bail-in tool contains an express safeguard (known as 'no creditor worse off') with the aim that 
shareholders and creditors do not receive a less favourable treatment than they would have received in 
ordinary insolvency proceedings of the relevant entity. Therefore, the Issuer expects that the relevant 
Authority would, in any exercise of the bail-in powers, write-down or convert any eligible liabilities of the 
Issuer that rank junior to the Notes (which would include any capital instruments, such as Tier 1 or Tier 2 
notes and any secondary non-preferred debts) before exercising its bail-in powers in respect of the Notes. 
Amendments to the creditor hierarchy in respect of certain unsecured debt instruments had been 
implemented in the United Kingdom through the Banks and Building Societies (Priorities in Insolvency) 
Order 2018, which provides that ordinary non-preferred debt such as the Notes would rank ahead of 
secondary non-preferred debts intended to qualify as eligible liabilities for the purposes of the Banking Act, 
although the Notes remain capable of being bailed in. 
The exercise of the bail-in powers in relation to the Issuer or any suggestion of any such exercise could 
materially adversely affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes 
and/or the ability of the relevant Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes and could lead to 
Noteholders losing some or all of the value of their investment in such Notes. In addition, even in 
circumstances where a claim for compensation is established under the 'no creditor worse off' safeguard in 
accordance with a valuation performed after the resolution action has been taken, it is unlikely that such 
compensation would be equivalent to the full losses incurred by the Noteholders in the resolution and there 
can be no assurance that Noteholders would recover such compensation promptly. 
As insured deposits are excluded from the scope of the bail-in tool and other preferred deposits (and insured 
deposits) rank ahead of any Notes issued by the Issuer, such Notes would be more likely to be bailed-in 
than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer(such as other preferred deposits) 
Amendments have been made to relevant legislation in the UK (including the Insolvency Act 1986) to 
establish a statutory preference in the insolvency hierarchy (i) firstly, for deposits that are insured under the 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme ("insured deposits") to rank with existing preferred claims as 
"ordinary" preferred claims and (ii) secondly, for certain other deposits of individuals and micro, small and 
medium sized enterprises held in EEA or in UK or non-EEA branches of an EEA or UK bank ("other 
preferred deposits"), to rank as "secondary" preferred claims only after the "ordinary" preferred claims. 
In addition, UK implementation of the EU directive on deposit guarantee schemes (the "DGSD") increased,

--- Page 20 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 18 -
70-41019079 
 
 
from July 2015, the nature and quantum of insured deposits to include a wide range of deposits, including 
corporate deposits (unless the depositor is a public authority or financial institution) and some temporary 
high value deposits. The effect of these changes is generally to increase the size of the class of preferred 
creditors. All such preferred deposits will rank in the insolvency hierarchy ahead of all other unsecured 
senior creditors of the Issuer, including the Noteholders. Furthermore, insured deposits are excluded from 
the scope of the bail-in tool. As a result, the Notes issued by the Issuer would be more likely to be bailed-
in than certain other unsubordinated liabilities of the Issuer such as preferred deposits. 
Minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
The Banking Act requires firms to meet the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities 
("MREL") designed to ensure sufficient loss absorbing capacity and the continuity of critical functions 
without recourse to public funds. All institutions must meet an individual MREL requirement calculated as 
a percentage of total liabilities and own funds and set by the relevant resolution authorities from 1 January 
2016. In November 2016, the Bank of England published a policy statement outlining its approach to setting 
MREL and has set a final MREL conformance date of 1 January 2022 with MREL requirements 
transitioning up to that date. There is a risk that the MREL requirements could require the Issuer to issue 
additional MREL eligible liabilities in order to meet the new requirements within the required timeframes. 
This, in turn, may have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition and results of 
operations. 
The acquisition of control of the Issuer by ICBC will continue to have an impact on the assets and 
operations of the Issuer, resulting from a shift in operational focus and from changes in internal policy 
Following an agreement between ICBC and Standard Bank London Holdings Limited ("SBLH", a wholly 
owned subsidiary of Standard Bank Group Limited ("SBGL", together with its subsidiaries the "Standard 
Bank Group")), ICBC completed the acquisition of a 60 per cent. controlling stake in the Issuer on 1 
February 2015.  
On 11 December 2020, SBLH transferred its remaining 40 per cent. interest in the Issuer to SBGL. 
ICBC has also been granted a five-year option to purchase from SBLH (now SBGL following the transfer 
of shareholding in December 2020) a further 20 per cent. of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Issuer 
for cash, which is exercisable from the second anniversary of completion of the acquisition. Subject to 
ICBC exercising such option, SBGL will have a further five-year option to require ICBC to acquire its 
residual shareholding for cash. As of the date of this Base Prospectus, ICBC has not exercised such option 
to purchase the outstanding ordinary shares of the Issuer from SBGL. 
The Issuer's business is subject to inherent risks arising from general international economic and 
political conditions 
The Issuer's business is subject to inherent risks regarding general economic conditions. These conditions 
include changing economic cycles that affect demand for investment banking products. These cycles are 
also influenced by global political events such as terrorist acts, war and other hostilities, as well as market 
specific events, such as shifts in consumer confidence and consumer spending, rates of unemployment, 
industrial output, labour or social unrest and political uncertainty. Each of these can change the level of 
demand for, and supply of, the Issuer's products and services and could have a material adverse effect on 
its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is subject to market risk 
Market risk is the risk that movements in market parameters such as interest rates, foreign exchange rates 
and asset or equity prices will impact on the Issuer's profitability. The Issuer's principal sources of market 
risk relate to credit spread risk, interest rate, currency risk and volatility risk. The Issuer's market risks are 
relatively diversified across both developed and emerging market countries. The Issuer's major exposures 
to market risk occur in markets served by both formal exchanges and over the counter markets and 
exposures arise in relation to financial instruments mainly held in foreign exchange, commodity and capital 
markets as well as equity markets. The Issuer's exposures arise from both customer-driven business and 
from proprietary positions, although the market risk positions arising from the Issuer's proprietary trading 
are not significant in the Issuer's overall risk portfolio. Adverse effects from market risk could have an

--- Page 21 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 19 -
70-41019079 
 
 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. See "Risk Management 
– Market Risk". 
The Issuer is subject to foreign exchange risk 
The Issuer's foreign exchange positions arise mainly from foreign exchange trading activities, which are 
governed by position limits approved by the Issuer's Risk Management Committee in accordance with the 
Issuer's Market Risk policy. These position limits are subject to review at least annually and foreign 
exchange exposures are monitored daily by the Market Risk function to ensure they remain within the 
approved risk appetite. The Issuer does not hedge its foreign currency exposure at all times. As a result, 
adverse changes in foreign exchange rates could have an adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
A downgrade in the Issuer's credit ratings could adversely affect its business 
Rating agencies may, at their discretion, change any of the credit ratings assigned to the Issuer. Any 
subsequent downgrade of the Issuer's credit ratings or financial strength ratings, or the announcement of a 
potential downgrade of any these ratings, could reduce demand for the Issuer's products and services, 
adversely affect its relationships with intermediaries and counterparties, weaken its competitive position, 
increase its borrowing costs and reduce its access to funds, which could have a material adverse effect on 
the Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer is subject to capital requirements that could limit its operations 
The Issuer is subject to the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority's capital adequacy guidelines 
for banks, which provide for a minimum ratio of total capital to risk adjusted assets both on a consolidated 
basis and on a non-consolidated basis expressed as a percentage. The Issuer's failure to maintain its ratios 
may result in administrative actions or sanctions against it which may have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Operational risks are inherent in the Issuer's business 
Operational risks are inherent in the Issuer's business, including the risk of loss resulting from inadequate 
or failed internal and external processes, documentation, people and systems or from external events. The 
Issuer's business is dependent on its ability to process accurately and efficiently a high volume of complex 
transactions across numerous and diverse products and services, in different currencies and subject to a 
number of different legal and regulatory regimes. The Issuer's systems and processes are designed to ensure 
that the operational risks associated with its activities are appropriately controlled; however, any weakness 
in these systems could result in a negative impact on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
Notwithstanding anything in the paragraph above, this risk factor should not be taken as implying that the 
Issuer will be unable to comply with its obligations as a company with Notes admitted to the Official List 
and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin (or any other market, as the case may be) or as 
a supervised firm regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority. 
The Issuer's business is subject to significant competition 
The Issuer's business is subject to significant competition from many other international financial 
institutions, including non-bank financial institutions operating in the emerging markets described above, 
including competitors that may have greater financial and other resources, and, in certain emerging markets, 
from local banks. Local regulations in a number of jurisdictions that favour local banks by restricting the 
ability of international banks operating in the relevant country to enter the market and/or expand their 
existing operations could adversely affect the Issuer's ability to compete. Many of the international and 
local banks operating in the Issuer's markets compete for substantially the same customers as the Issuer. 
Competition may increase in some or all of the Issuer's principal markets and may have an adverse effect 
on its financial condition and results of operations. 
The Issuer may be adversely affected by litigation 
From time to time, the Issuer is involved in litigation or receives claims arising from the conduct of its 
business which can require the Issuer to engage in legal and regulatory proceedings in order to enforce

--- Page 22 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 20 -
70-41019079 
 
 
contractual rights. Similarly, the Issuer is the subject of various regulatory reviews, requests for information 
and investigations by various governmental and regulatory bodies related to the Issuer's business 
operations. 
The Issuer is defending a putative class action lawsuit filed against it and a number of other institutions in 
the Southern District of New York for unquantified damages arising as a result of an alleged conspiracy to 
manipulate and rig the global benchmarks for physical platinum and palladium prices, as well as the prices 
of platinum and palladium based financial derivative products.  
Standard New York Securities, Inc. and Standard Americas Inc. (which are now subsidiaries of ICBC 
Standard Bank Plc and are known as ICBC Standard Securities, Inc. and ICBC Standard Resources 
(America) Inc. respectively) are named, together with twenty six other institutions, in a case brought by the 
South African Competition Commission before the South African Competition Tribunal, alleging collusive 
behaviour in the trading of the U.S. dollar and South African Rand foreign currency pair. 
Whilst recognising the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, 
the Issuer believes, based upon current knowledge and after consulting with legal counsel, that these matters 
should not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Issuer. 
The Issuer may be unable to attract and retain highly qualified professional personnel 
The success of the Issuer's operations relies on its ability to attract and retain highly qualified professional 
personnel. The Issuer's ability to attract and retain key personnel is dependent on a number of factors, 
including prevailing market conditions and compensation packages offered by companies competing for 
the same talent. The loss of the services of key members of its senior management or inability to attract and 
retain qualified professional staff generally may significantly interfere with the Issuer's business and could 
result in a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results, operations, reputation or financial 
condition. 
The Issuer is subject to the risk of failure of its IT systems and breaches of its security systems 
Various external events beyond the Issuer's control and the control of its management, could have a major 
impact on the Issuer's business, results, operations, reputation or financial condition. Examples of such 
events are natural catastrophes, war, vandalism and terrorist attacks. The Issuer has contingency plans, 
intended to ensure its capacity to maintain services with, and the confidence of its clients and other 
counterparties should a serious situation arise. However, the Issuer's contingency plans may fail, which 
could result in a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, results, operations, reputation and financial 
condition. 
The interests of ICBC may conflict with those of Noteholders 
ICBC currently holds a 60 per cent. stake in the Issuer, with arrangements in place enabling it to acquire 
further stake from SBGL. As a result, ICBC is able to exert influence over actions requiring shareholder 
approval. If circumstances were to arise where the interests of ICBC conflict with the interests of the 
Noteholders, Noteholders could be disadvantaged if ICBC seeks to take actions contrary to Noteholders' 
interests. 
The Issuer enters into related party transactions with entities forming part of both the ICBC group and 
the Standard Bank Group 
The Issuer enters into related party transactions with other entities forming part of the ICBC group and the 
Standard Bank Group. These related party transactions are entered into in the course of banking operations, 
including funding and acceptance of interbank deposits, lending, derivatives and corresponding banking 
transactions. The transactions are priced at the prevailing market rates at the time of the transactions. A 
significant portion of this activity reflects amounts received under transfer pricing arrangements as well as 
the placement of excess liquidity by other entities with the Issuer. As part of its normal activity, the Issuer 
also advances funds to other entities in the ICBC and Standard Bank groups. See "Related Party 
Transactions". 
The Issuer is subject to regulatory capital requirements that are subject to change and may result in 
additional capital requirements

--- Page 23 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 21 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The Issuer is subject to capital adequacy requirements adopted by the PRA. The Issuer's ability to do 
business could be constrained if it fails to maintain sufficient levels of capital. Further, if the Issuer fails to 
meet its minimum regulatory capital requirements, this could result in administrative actions or sanctions 
against it. Effective management of the Issuer's capital is critical to its ability to operate and grow its 
business and to pursue its strategy. Any change that limits the Issuer's ability to manage its balance sheet 
and capital resources effectively (including, for example, reductions in profits and retained earnings as a 
result of credit losses, write downs or otherwise, increases in risk weighted assets, delays in the disposal of 
certain assets or the inability to raise finance through wholesale markets as a result of market conditions or 
otherwise) could have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, results of operations 
and/or prospects. 
The Issuer faces risks associated with an uncertain and rapidly evolving prudential regulatory environment, 
pursuant to which it is required, among other things, to maintain adequate capital resources and to satisfy 
specified capital ratios at all times. The Issuer's borrowing costs and capital requirements could be affected 
by these prudential regulatory developments, which include the legislative package, CRD V, which was 
implemented in the UK in 2020. Any future unfavourable regulatory developments could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects. 
The European Capital Requirement Directive and Capital Requirements Regulation (as implemented in the 
UK, the "CRD Package") introduced significant changes in the prudential regulatory regime applicable to 
banks with effect from 1 January 2014, including: increased minimum levels of capital and additional 
minimum capital buffers; enhanced quality standards for qualifying capital; increased risk weighting of 
assets, including in relation to market risk and counterparty credit risk; and the introduction of a minimum 
leverage ratio. Although the CRD Package provides for some of these measures to be phased in over a 
transitional period, the PRA's supervisory expectation is for UK banks to meet certain of these targets in 
expedited timeframes. The CRD Package may change, including as a result of the implementation of the 
revised Basel 3 frameworks ("Basel 3.1"). Such changes, either individually and/or in aggregate, may lead 
to further enhanced requirements in relation to the Issuer's capital, leverage, liquidity and funding ratios or 
alter the way such ratios are calculated. 
A market perception or actual shortage of capital issued by the Issuer could result in regulatory and/or 
governmental interventions, including requiring the Issuer to issue additional capital instruments or issuing 
a public censure or the imposition of sanctions. 
Risk factors relating to the Notes 
Risks relating to the Notes under the Programme 
Noteholders may receive back less than their original invested amount 
A Noteholder could obtain a lower return on the Notes than its original invested amount, and such return 
could be as low as zero, if any one or more of the following events occurs: 
(1) 
the terms of the relevant Notes do not provide for full repayment of the initial purchase price upon 
final maturity and/or mandatory early redemption of such Notes and the relevant underlying 
asset(s) perform in such a manner that the final redemption amount and/or mandatory early 
payment amount is less than the initial purchase price. The pay-out formula of the relevant Notes 
will either provide for full or partial "principal protection" or not. Investors in Notes that are not 
principal protected risk losing their entire investment if the value of the underlying asset(s) does 
not move in the anticipated direction. Investors in Notes that are principal protected may still be 
subject to loss of some or all of their investment if the Notes are not fully "principal protected" or 
in the circumstances described in (2), (3), (4) and (5) below and may not receive any value for the 
time for which their money is invested; 
(2) 
the Issuer fails or goes bankrupt or otherwise defaults on its obligations under the relevant Notes; 
(3) 
the terms of the relevant Notes are subject to an unscheduled early redemption (e.g. for change of 
applicable law or due to an event in relation to the relevant underlying asset(s)) and the early 
redemption amount or physical settlement amount is less than the original invested amount; 
(4) 
the Notes are not held to maturity by the Noteholder and the price received by the Noteholder for 
a secondary market sale is less than the original invested amount; or

--- Page 24 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 22 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(5) 
the terms and conditions of the Notes are adjusted in a materially adverse way (in accordance with 
the terms and conditions of the Notes). 
The Notes are not secured and the Noteholders have no claim on an underlying asset 
The obligations of the Issuer are not secured. Notwithstanding that the relevant Notes may be linked to the 
performance of one or more underlying assets, the Notes do not represent a claim against any underlying 
assets and Noteholders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") of such Notes will not have 
any right of recourse under the Notes to any such underlying assets (or any issuer, sponsor, manager or 
other connected person in respect of an underlying asset). The Notes are not in any way sponsored, endorsed 
or promoted by any issuer, sponsor, manager or other connected person in respect of an underlying asset 
and such entities have no obligation to take into account the consequences of their actions on any 
Noteholders. The Issuer shall not be required to hold any underlying assets. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to withhold or deduct amounts for or on account of tax from 
the amounts payable in respect of any Notes, or would suffer tax in respect of its income so that it is not 
able to pay in full amounts due in respect of the Notes, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in 
accordance with the terms and conditions (the "Conditions") of the Notes. It should be noted, however, 
that the Issuer is not required to pay any additional amounts in respect of such withholding or deduction. 
See also "FATCA". 
Taxation and no gross-up 
Each Noteholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any jurisdiction or 
governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or local taxes or other like 
assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it in respect of the Notes. As noted above, 
in the event that any withholding tax or deduction for tax is imposed on payments of interest or principal 
on the Notes, the Noteholders (as defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes") will not be entitled to 
receive grossed-up amounts to compensate for such withholding tax and no Event of Default shall occur as 
a result of any such withholding or deduction. 
Modification and waivers - Notes may be amended without the consent of the holders or with the consent 
of only some of the holders binding all of the holders of Notes 
Subject as provided below, the Conditions of the Notes may be amended by the Issuer without the consent 
of the Noteholders if the amendment: 
(a) 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(b) 
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
(c) 
is made to cure any ambiguity or is made to correct or supplement any defective provisions of the 
Notes or the Deed of Covenant (as applicable); or 
(d) 
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes or (if applicable) 
any Couponholders or Receiptholders. 
In addition, other changes may be made to the Conditions of the Notes with the consent of the Noteholders. 
The Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider specific 
matters affecting their interests. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all of the holders of the 
Notes of the relevant Series, including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and 
Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
Risk of holding an amount of Notes that is not equal to one or more Specified Denominations 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have a denomination consisting of the minimum Specified 
Denomination of €100,000 plus a higher integral multiple of another smaller amount, it is possible that the 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of €100,000 (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of 
€100,000 (or its equivalent). In such a case a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in

--- Page 25 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 23 -
70-41019079 
 
 
respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a principal amount 
of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. The inability to obtain 
a Definitive Note due to this minimum denomination requirement may mean that Bearer Notes may be 
considered to be registered for U.S. tax purposes. 
Payments on certain Notes may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
Certain U.S. source payments (including interest and dividends) and certain payments made by entities that 
are classified as financial institutions under FATCA, may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA. 
See "—United States Taxation—FATCA". The Issuer will not pay any Additional Amounts in respect of 
such withholding. 
U.S. withholding tax may apply to Notes with payments linked to dividends paid by U.S. persons 
Payments made by the Issuer to non-U.S. persons that are treated as contingent upon, or determined by 
reference to, U.S.-source dividends may be subject to U.S. withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. (or a 
lower rate providing for in an applicable treaty). The Issuer will not pay any Additional Amounts in respect 
of such withholding. See "—United States Taxation—Taxation of Non-US Holders—Dividend Equivalent 
Payments". 
Change in Tax law 
Tax law and practice is subject to change, possibly with retrospective effect, and this could adversely affect 
the value of the Notes to the Noteholders and/or the market value of the Notes. Any such change may (i) 
cause the tax treatment of the relevant Notes to change from what the investor understood the position to 
be at the time of purchase; (ii) render the statements in this Base Prospectus concerning relevant tax law 
and practice in relation to Notes under the Programme to be inaccurate or to be inapplicable in some or all 
respects to certain Notes or to not include material tax considerations in relation to certain Notes; or (iii) 
give the Issuer the right to redeem the Notes. Prospective purchasers of any Notes should consult their 
own tax advisers in relevant jurisdictions about the tax implications of holding any Note and of any 
transaction involving any Note. 
Risks relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such features. 
Prospective investors of Notes should be aware that the range of Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme is such that the following statements are not exhaustive with respect to the types of Notes that 
may be issued under the Programme and any particular Series of Notes may have additional risks associated 
with it that are not described below. Investment in the Notes may involve complex risks related to factors 
which may include interest rate, foreign exchange and/or political risks.  
The Notes may be subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem the Notes, the market value of the Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The 
Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on 
the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at 
an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate or the expected yield on the Notes being redeemed and 
may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk 
in light of other investments available at that time. 
Notes redeemable at Noteholders' election 
If a Noteholder gives notice to redeem Notes early, there may be a time lag between that notice and the 
time at which the applicable Redemption Amount is determined in that period. There could be substantial 
movements in the Redemption Amount, but the redemption notice once given may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 26 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 24 -
70-41019079 
 
 
There are risks that certain benchmark rates may be administered differently or discontinued in the 
future, including the potential phasing-out of LIBOR after 2021, which may adversely affect the trading 
market for, value of and return on, Notes based on such benchmarks. 
The London inter-bank offered rate ("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other 
rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of recent international, national and 
other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently from 
the past or disappear entirely, or have other consequences that cannot be predicted. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation" and, 
together with the EU Benchmarks Regulation, the "Benchmarks Regulations") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The 
Benchmarks Regulations will, among other things, (i) require benchmark administrators to be authorised 
or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK based (as applicable), to be subject to an equivalent regime 
or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by UK supervised entities (such as the 
Issuer) or EU supervised entities (as applicable) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU or non-UK based (as applicable), not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The Benchmarks Regulations could have a material impact on any Notes linked to a rate or index deemed 
to be a benchmark, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of a benchmark are changed in order to 
comply with the requirements of the relevant Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other 
things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or 
level of the benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discourage market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to such benchmark; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies 
used in the benchmarks or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above could 
potentially lead to the Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early or otherwise affected depending 
on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Notes. In addition, any other international, 
national or other proposals for reform or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of "benchmarks" could 
increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a "benchmark" and 
complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may have the effect of discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks", trigger changes in 
the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the disappearance of certain 
"benchmarks". 
Any of the above changes could have a material adverse effect on the value of, and return on, any Notes 
linked to a benchmark. 
As an example, the FCA, which regulates LIBOR, announced on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer 
persuade or compel banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and 
confirmed on 5 March 2021 that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be representative 
benchmarks after 31 December 2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) after 30 June 
2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark Administration or IBA) 
similarly announced that it would cease the publication of the relevant LIBOR settings after 31 December 
2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the FCA exercises its new powers (which are included in the Financial 
Services Act 2021 as amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA to continue 
publishing such LIBOR settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" basis). Such 
announcements indicate that LIBOR will not continue in its current form and the FCA's announcement of 
5 March 2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be 
limited to a small number of currencies and settings. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates had 
been mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average

--- Page 27 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 25 -
70-41019079 
 
 
("SONIA") over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and derivative markets so that SONIA is 
established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
In the third quarter of 2018, the private-sector working group on euro risk-free rates recommended €STR 
(euro short-term rate) as the replacement for EONIA (Euro OverNight Index Average). The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply 
with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its 
current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The elimination of LIBOR or potential elimination or alteration of other benchmarks, such as EURIBOR, 
the establishment of alternative reference rates or changes in the manner of administration of a benchmark 
could also require adjustments to the terms of benchmark-linked securities and may result in other 
consequences, such as interest payments that are lower than, or that do not otherwise correlate over time 
with, the payments that would have been made on those securities if the relevant benchmark was available 
in its current form, or the early redemption of such benchmark-linked securities. 
Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes to benchmarks as a result of EU, United 
Kingdom, or other international, national, or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, 
or any further uncertainty in relation to the timing and manner of implementation of such changes could 
have a material adverse effect on the trading market for, value of and return on any Notes linked to such 
benchmark.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulations reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference 
rates in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as  reference rates for Floating Rate 
Notes 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and the Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as  reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an 
alternative to Sterling or U.S. Dollar LIBOR. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups 
are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR 
rate over a designated term). The continued development of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR rates 
as interest reference rates for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA- and 
SOFR-based rates for such market and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in 
reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop 
both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market 
infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR. In 
particular, investors should be aware that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR 
linked notes issued to date and no assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the 
compounding formula in the terms and conditions of the Notes, will gain widespread market acceptance.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in future issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest 
determination when compared with the Notes.  In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA 
or SOFR reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and 
adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan markets. Noteholders should 
carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates across these markets 
may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in connection with 
any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA or SOFR. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history

--- Page 28 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 26 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that 
Compounded Daily SONIA and SOFR are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, 
whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on 
inter-bank lending. As such, investors should be aware that LIBOR and SONIA or SOFR may behave 
materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured rate that 
represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate.  For example, since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily 
changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or 
other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR in their current form began in April 2018 and they therefore have a limited 
history. The future performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the 
limited historical performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little 
or no relation to the historical level of SONIA or SOFR.  Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour 
of market variables and their relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference 
Period and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to 
estimate reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be 
unable or unwilling to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could 
adversely impact the liquidity of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become 
due and payable as a result of an Event of Default under Condition 10 (Events of Default), or are otherwise 
redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect 
of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on 
which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or 
SOFR or discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
The Bank of England or The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor), as administrator of SONIA or 
SOFR, may make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, 
including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria 
applicable to the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of 
SONIA or SOFR. In addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case a fallback method of determining the interest rate on the 
Notes will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
The performance of Notes linked to emerging market assets or currencies may be affected by sanctions 
The Issuer is subject to compliance with applicable sanctions laws and regulations, all of which are heavily 
influenced by geopolitical events. Sectors, persons, entities or countries that are not currently sanctioned 
could become sanctioned, which may in turn restrict or otherwise have an impact upon the Issuer's 
operations in affected markets, assets or currencies. The performance of Notes which are linked to 
currencies, securities or other assets or transactions issued or originated in emerging market jurisdictions 
may be comparatively more exposed to such sanctions risks and, where any such related sanctions are 
imposed, could be adversely affected (perhaps materially so). 
Credit Linked Notes 
Credit Risk on Reference Entity 
The Issuer may issue Notes which are credit linked securities linked to the performance of one or more 
third parties (a "Reference Entity") and certain obligations of such Reference Entity. The likelihood of a 
Credit Event occurring in respect of a Reference Entity will generally fluctuate with, among other things, 
the financial condition and other characteristics of the Reference Entity, general economic conditions, the 
condition of certain financial markets, political events, developments or trends in any particular industry 
and changes in prevailing interest rates. Investors should note that such Notes differ from ordinary debt 
securities issued by the Issuer in that the amount of principal and interest payable by the Issuer is dependent 
on whether a credit event in respect of the Reference Entity has occurred. In certain circumstances as 
detailed in the Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms, the Notes will cease to bear interest

--- Page 29 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 27 -
70-41019079 
 
 
meaning the amount paid to Noteholders on redemption could be less than their original investment amount 
and could be as low as zero. 
Credit losses will be calculated for the purposes of the Notes irrespective of whether the Issuer or any of its 
affiliates has suffered an actual loss in relation to the Reference Entity or any obligations thereof. Neither 
the Issuer nor its affiliates is obliged to account for any recovery which it may subsequently make in relation 
to such Reference Entity or its obligations. 
As described in the risk factor entitled "Risk factors relating to the Issuer – Risks relating to the impact of 
COVID-19", the COVID-19 pandemic has had, and continues to have, a material impact on businesses 
around the world. The pandemic may therefore also have an adverse effect on the financial position and 
performance of a Reference Entity and/or increase the probability of the occurrence of a Credit Event, 
which is turn could have an adverse effect on the value of the relevant Credit Linked Notes linked to the 
performance of one or more such Reference Entities (including the loss of the entire investment in the 
Notes).  
Investors should have sufficient knowledge and experience in financial and business matters to evaluate 
the merits and risks of investing in the Notes as well as access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical 
tools to evaluate such merits and risks in the context of their financial situation. 
Limited Provision of information about Reference Entity and Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer has not provided nor will provide prospective investors of Notes with any information or advice 
with respect to the Reference Entity, nor has it made nor will it make any representation as to the credit 
quality of the relevant Reference Entity. The Issuer may have acquired, or during the term of the Notes may 
acquire, non-public information with respect to the Reference Entity, which will not be disclosed to the 
holders of the Notes. The timing and limited scope of the information provided to Noteholders regarding 
the relevant Reference Entity and/or the occurrence of a Credit Event may affect the liquidity of the Notes 
and the ability of Noteholders to value the Notes accordingly. In addition, the Issuer may have existing or 
future business relationships with the Reference Entity (including, but not limited to, lending, depositary, 
risk management, advisory and banking relationships), and will pursue actions and take steps that it deems 
necessary or appropriate to protect its interests arising therefrom without regard to the consequences for 
Noteholders. 
No interest in obligations of Reference Entity 
Furthermore, the Notes will not represent a claim against the Reference Entity and, in the event of any loss, 
a Noteholder will not have recourse under the Notes to the Reference Entity. 
Rights of the Calculation Agent and the Issuer 
The Calculation Agent will exercise its rights under the terms of the Notes, including in particular the right 
to designate a Credit Event and the right to select obligations of the affected Reference Entity for valuation 
or delivery, in the interests of itself and of its affiliates, and not in the interests of investors in the Notes. 
The exercise of such rights in such manner, for example by the selection of the eligible obligations of the 
Reference Entity having the lowest possible market value, may result in an increased loss for holders of the 
Notes. 
Until delivery of any Deliverable Obligation (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex") is made to 
the relevant Noteholder, the Issuer or any person holding such asset on its behalf may amend the terms of 
such asset but is under no obligation to exercise any rights appertaining to such asset. 
The Calculation Agent may require a Noteholder to provide a confidentiality undertaking prior to delivery 
of a Notice of Publicly Available Information (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex"), failing 
which the Notice of Publicly Available Information shall not be required to be delivered to the Noteholder. 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, event 
or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or permitted to 
be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error) be 
final and binding on the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent 
shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any 
determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee (as defined in "Credit Linked

--- Page 30 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 28 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Derivatives Annex"). In making any determinations expressed to be made by it, for example as to substitute 
Reference Obligations or Successors (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex"), the Calculation 
Agent is under no obligation to the holders of the Notes, and will not be liable to account for any profit or 
other benefit which may accrue to it as a result of such determination. 
The exercise of any option by the Issuer or determination by the Issuer of any amount or of any state of 
affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion 
required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Issuer shall be final and binding on the 
Noteholders and shall not be required to be notified to the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders. The Issuer 
shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and is not bound to follow or act in accordance with any 
determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Credit Observation Period 
Holders of the Notes may suffer a loss of some or all of the principal amount of the Notes in respect of one 
or more Credit Events (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex") that occur on or after the Credit 
Event Backstop Date (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex") which may fall prior to the Trade 
Date or the Issue Date. Neither the Calculation Agent or the Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has 
any responsibility to avoid or mitigate the effects of a Credit Event that has taken place prior to the Trade 
Date (being a date specified in the Final Terms or, as applicable, the Additional Conditions relating to the 
Notes) or the Issue Date (being a date specified in the Final Terms). 
Deferral of Payments 
In certain circumstances - for example where a Credit Event has occurred and the related credit loss has not 
been determined as at the relevant date for payment, where a potential Credit Event exists as at the 
scheduled maturity of the Notes, or pending a resolution of a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
payment of the redemption amount of the Notes and/or interest on the Notes may be deferred for a material 
period in whole or part without compensation to the holders of the Notes. 
Valuation 
If the Notes are cash settled, then, following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the Calculation Agent will 
be required to seek quotations in respect of selected obligations of the affected Reference Entity. Quotations 
obtained will be "bid-side" - that is, they will be reduced to take account of a bid-offer spread charged by 
the relevant dealer. Such quotations may not be available, or the level of such quotations may be 
substantially reduced as a result of illiquidity in the relevant markets or as a result of factors other than the 
credit risk of the affected Reference Entity (for example, liquidity constraints affecting market dealers). 
Accordingly, any quotations so obtained may be significantly lower than the value of the relevant obligation 
which would be determined by reference to (for example) the present value of related cashflows. Quotations 
will be deemed to be zero in the event that no such quotations are available. 
Where credit losses are determined on the basis of a market protocol, such losses may be greater than the 
losses which would have been determined in the absence of such protocol. If the Issuer, the Calculation 
Agent or any affiliate thereof participates in any auction for the purposes of such a protocol, then it will do 
so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Notes. Such participation may have a material effect 
on the outcome of the relevant auction and the value of the Notes. 
"Cheapest-to-Deliver" risk 
Since the Calculation Agent has discretion to choose the portfolio of obligations to be valued or delivered 
following a Credit Event in respect of a Reference Entity, it is likely that the portfolio of obligations selected 
will be obligations of the Reference Entity with the lowest market value that are permitted to be selected 
pursuant to the Notes. This could result in a lower recovery value and hence greater losses for investors in 
the Notes. 
Credit Derivatives Determination Committee and Market Auctions 
The institutions on the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee owe no duty to the Noteholders and 
have the ability to make determinations that may materially affect the Noteholders, such as the occurrence 
of a Credit Event or a Succession Event. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be able to 
make determinations without action or knowledge of the Noteholders.

--- Page 31 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 29 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Noteholders will have no role in the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
Separate criteria apply with respect to the selection of dealer and non-dealer institutions to serve on the 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and the Noteholders will have no role in establishing such 
criteria. In addition, the composition of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will change from 
time to time in accordance with the Rules (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex"), as the term 
of an institution may expire or an institution may be required to be replaced. The Noteholders will have no 
control over the process of selecting institutions to participate on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and, to the extent provided for in the Notes will be subject to the determinations made by such 
selected institutions in accordance with the Rules. 
Noteholders will have no recourse against either the institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee or the external reviewers. Institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and the external reviewers, among others, disclaim any duty of care or liability 
arising in connection with the performance of duties or the provision of advice under the Rules, except in 
the case of gross negligence, fraud or wilful misconduct. Furthermore, the institutions on the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee do not owe any duty to the Noteholders and the Noteholders will 
be prevented from pursuing claims with respect to actions taken by such institutions under the Rules. 
Noteholders should also be aware that institutions serving on the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee have no duty to research or verify the veracity of information on which a specific determination 
is based. In addition, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee is not obligated to follow previous 
determinations and, therefore, could reach a conflicting determination on a similar set of facts. If the Issuer 
or the Calculation Agent or any of their respective affiliates serve as a member of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee at any time, then they will act without regard to the interests of the Noteholders. 
Noteholders are responsible for obtaining information relating to deliberations of the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Notices of questions referred to the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee, meetings held to deliberate such questions and the results of binding votes will be published 
on the ISDA website and neither the Issuer, the Calculation Agent nor any of their respective affiliates shall 
be obliged to inform the Noteholders of such information (other than as expressly provided in respect of 
the Notes). Failure by the Noteholders to be aware of information relating to deliberations of a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee will have no effect under the Notes and Noteholders are solely 
responsible for obtaining any such information. 
Investors should read the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules as published by ISDA from 
time to time and reach their own views prior to making any investment decisions. Investors should however 
note that the Rules may be amended from time to time without the consent or input of the Noteholders and 
the powers of the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may be expanded or modified as a result. 
If a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee publishes auction settlement terms in respect of a 
Reference Entity (and the relevant seniority of the Reference Obligation), then the Calculation Agent may 
elect to determine the Final Price (as defined in "Credit Linked Derivatives Annex") of the Reference 
Obligation in accordance with such auction settlement terms to be consistent with the provisions of such 
auction settlement terms. The losses determined pursuant to a market auction process may be greater than 
the losses which would have been determined in the absence of the auction. In particular, the auction process 
may be affected by technical factors or operational errors which would not otherwise apply or may be the 
subject of actual or attempted manipulation. Auctions may be conducted by ISDA or by a relevant third 
party. Neither the Calculation Agent, the Issuer nor any of their respective affiliates has any responsibility 
for verifying that any auction price is reflective of current market values for establishing any auction 
methodology or for verifying that any auction has been conducted in accordance with its rules. If the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer or any of their respective affiliate thereof participates in any auction for the 
purposes of such an auction, then it will do so without regard to the interests of the holders of the Notes. 
Such participation may have a material effect on the outcome of the relevant auction and the value of the 
Notes. 
Modification of the terms of the Notes 
The Calculation Agent may, following its determination that there has been a change in the prevailing 
market standard terms or market trading conventions that affects any hedging transaction, (such as, for 
example, but without limitation, if ISDA publishes changes to the standard terms on which credit default 
swap contracts affecting a Reference Entity are traded in the over-the-counter market or if the Credit

--- Page 32 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 30 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Derivatives Determinations Committee amends the terms of the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committees Rules) modify the terms of the Notes to the extent necessary to preserve any consistency 
between the Notes and such market standard terms or market trading conventions. 
Variable Linked Notes and Dual Currency Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with principal or interest on the Notes determined by reference to a variable or 
formula, to changes in the prices of securities or indices, to movements in currency exchange rates or other 
factors (each, a "Relevant Factor"). In addition, the Issuer may also issue Notes with principal or interest 
on the Notes payable in one or more currencies, which is different from the currency in which the Notes 
are denominated. Prospective investors should be aware that as a result: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be very volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time than expected; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their initial investment amount; 
(v) 
a Relevant Factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a Relevant Factor is applied to Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
some other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the Relevant Factor on principal or interest 
payable likely will be magnified; and 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a Relevant Factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations. In general, the earlier the change in the Relevant 
Factor, the greater the effect on yield. 
The redemption amount on some of the Notes may also be linked to movements in a specified exchange 
rate (in addition to any other redemption amounts otherwise payable in accordance with the relevant 
Conditions). Where such movements are determined to be negative, this could reduce the redemption 
amount otherwise payable in respect of such Notes and potentially even reduce the value of the investment 
to zero.  
Before buying Notes, prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, (i) the trading 
price of the Notes, (ii) the value and volatility of the Relevant Factor, (iii) the probable range of final 
redemption amounts, (iv) any change(s) in interim interest rates and dividend yields, (v) any change(s) in 
currency exchange rates, (vi) the depth of the market or liquidity of the securities or indices and (vii) any 
related transaction costs. Past performance of the Relevant Factor cannot be considered to be either a 
guarantee of, or necessarily a guide to, future performance. 
The Issuer has not provided nor will provide prospective investors of Notes with any information or advice 
with respect to the Relevant Factor and will make no representation or warranty about, or guarantee of, the 
performance of the Relevant Factor. 
Fund Linked Notes 
An investment in Fund Linked Notes entails significant risks in addition to those associated with 
investments in a conventional debt security. In certain circumstances, the actions or omissions of the 
relevant Fund manager or others outside the control of the Issuer, may adversely affect the rights of the 
Noteholders and/or the value of the Fund Linked Notes, including actions that may give rise to an 
adjustment to, or early redemption of, the Fund Linked Notes. 
Factors affecting the performance of a Fund may adversely affect the value of and return on the Notes 
The performance of the units of a Fund (the "Units") to which the Notes are linked will affect the value of 
the investment return on the Notes. The performance of the Units is dependent upon many factors, including 
macroeconomic factors (such as interest and price levels on the capital markets, currency developments 
including variation of exchange rates of foreign currencies, political, judicial or economic factors) and

--- Page 33 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 31 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Fund-specific factors (such as the assets in which the Fund invests, the risk profile of the Fund, the expertise 
of its senior personnel and its shareholder structure and distribution policy). The investment objectives and 
policies employed by a Fund and the underlying components in which it invests may utilise various 
investment strategies which may also affect the performance of the Units. In addition, a Fund may make 
investments in markets that are volatile and/or illiquid and it may be difficult or costly for investment 
positions to be opened or liquidated.  As such, there can be no assurance that any Fund will achieve its 
investment objectives. The investment income of each Fund is based on the income earned on the securities 
it holds, less expenses incurred. Therefore, a Fund's investment income may be expected to fluctuate in 
response to changes in such expenses or income and this may have an adverse affect on the value of the 
Notes and any amounts payable thereunder. 
Information 
No investigation has been made of the financial condition or creditworthiness of any Fund in connection 
with the issue of any Fund Linked Notes. Investors in the Fund Linked Notes should obtain and evaluate 
the same information concerning each Fund as they would if they were investing directly in such Fund. In 
addition, investors should understand that the historical performance of the Fund should not be viewed as 
predictive of future results. 
Tax and Currency Risk  
The tax status of the Fund in those jurisdictions in which it conducts its business and/or any change in 
taxation rules or treatment in such jurisdictions could affect the value of the assets of the Fund or the ability 
of the Fund to achieve its investment objectives. Consequently this could adversely affect the value of the 
Notes. In addition, remittance of income and capital gains generated by underlying investments of the Fund 
in certain countries may be dependent on there being liquidity in the relevant local currency and the absence 
of foreign exchange controls which inhibit or prevent the repatriation of such gains. In any such 
circumstances, the value of the notional Fund Units may be adversely affected and as a result the value of 
the Notes may be adversely affected. 
Fund Disruption Events 
Investors in the Fund Linked Notes are subject to the risk that a Fund Disruption Event may occur in respect 
of the Notes. A Fund Disruption Event, as determined by the Calculation Agent, includes a Potential 
Adjustment Event and Fund Merger Event and the occurrence of certain distributions or dividends to 
holders of Units or a correction to the net asset value of a Fund (each a "Fund Disruption Event"). See 
"Fund Linked Note Annex" for more information.  
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Fund Disruption Event has occurred, the Calculation Agent may 
postpone the Valuation Date to a later date which is not a Disrupted Day. If the Calculation Agent postpones 
the Valuation Date, the due dates for any payments or delivery in respect of the Notes (including, without 
limitation, the maturity date or cash settlement date) may also be postponed. 
Additional Disruption Events 
Investors should note that Additional Disruption Events may occur in relation to the relevant Notes in 
certain circumstances described in the Conditions (see "Fund Linked Note Annex"). If any Additional 
Disruption Event occurs in relation to the relevant Notes, the Issuer may declare a valuation date and 
designate an early redemption date in respect of the Notes and the Noteholders will receive an early 
redemption amount based on the determinations made by the Calculation Agent. 
Additional Disruption Events, where specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, may include a 
Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, an Increased Cost of Hedging or an Extraordinary Fund Event (each 
as defined in Condition 2 (Definitions) of the "Fund Linked Note Annex"). Upon the occurrence of such an 
early redemption prior to the originally scheduled maturity date of the relevant Notes, Noteholders may 
suffer a loss of some or of all of their investment and will forego any future appreciation in the relevant 
Fund that may occur following such redemption or termination.

--- Page 34 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 32 -
70-41019079 
 
 
There are significant risks in purchasing Notes which reference one or more emerging market Relevant 
Factor(s) 
Where the Conditions of the Notes reference one or more emerging market Relevant Factor(s), purchasers 
of such Notes should be aware that the political and economic situation in countries with emerging 
economies or stock markets may be undergoing significant evolution and rapid development, and such 
countries may lack the social, political and economic stability characteristics of more developed countries, 
including a significant risk of currency value fluctuation. Such instability may result from, among other 
things, authoritarian governments, or military involvement in political and economic decision-making, 
including changes or attempted changes in governments through extra-constitutional means; popular unrest 
associated with demands for improved political, economic or social conditions; internal insurgencies; 
hostile relations with neighbouring countries; ethnic, religious and racial disaffections or conflict; public 
health issues and natural disasters. Certain of such countries may have in the past failed to recognise private 
property rights and have at times nationalised or expropriated the assets of private companies. As a result, 
the risks from investing in those countries, including the risks of nationalisation or expropriation of assets, 
may be heightened. In addition, unanticipated political or social developments may affect the values of a 
Relevant Factor investment in those countries. The small size and inexperience of the securities markets in 
certain countries and the limited volume of trading in securities may make the Relevant Factor(s) illiquid 
and more volatile than investments in more established markets. There may be little financial or accounting 
information available with respect to local issuers, and it may be difficult as a result to assess the value or 
prospects of the Relevant Factor(s). 
There is generally foreign exchange currency exposure in respect of Notes which provide payment to be 
made in a currency which is different to the currency of the Relevant Factor(s) 
Where the Conditions of the Notes provide that payment under such Notes will be made in a currency which 
is different from the currency of the Relevant Factor, and such Notes do not have a "quanto" feature (i.e. a 
feature that hedges the currency risk), investors of such Notes may be exposed not only to the performance 
of the Relevant Factor but also to the performance of such foreign currency, which cannot be predicted. 
Investors should be aware that foreign exchange rates are, and have been, highly volatile and determined 
by supply and demand for currencies in the international foreign exchange markets, which are subject to 
economic factors, including inflation rates in the countries concerned, interest rate differences between the 
respective countries, economic forecasts, international political factors, currency convertibility and safety 
of making financial investments in the currency concerned, speculation and measures taken by governments 
and central banks (e.g. imposition of regulatory controls or taxes, issuance of a new currency to replace an 
existing currency, alteration of the exchange rate or exchange characteristics by devaluation or revaluation 
of a currency or imposition of exchange controls with respect to the exchange or transfer of a specified 
currency that would affect exchange rates and the availability of a specified currency). Foreign exchange 
fluctuations between an investor's home currency and the relevant currency in which the repayment amount 
of the Notes is denominated may affect purchasers who intend to convert gains or losses from the exercise 
or sale of Notes into their home currency. 
Partly-paid Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes where the issue price is payable in more than one instalment. If any Noteholder 
fails to pay any instalment due on any Partly Paid Notes within the time specified, the Issuer may forfeit 
such Notes and shall have no further obligation to their holder in respect of them. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest 
bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility 
as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risk factors relating to the market 
The Issue Price of the Notes may be more than the market value of the Notes 
The issue price in respect of any Notes may be more than the market value of such Notes as at the issue 
date, and more than the price, if any, at which the Notes may be sold in secondary market transactions. In

--- Page 35 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 33 -
70-41019079 
 
 
particular, the issue price in respect of Notes may take into account amounts with respect to commissions 
relating to the issue and sale of such Notes and amounts relating to the hedging of the Issuer's obligations 
under such Notes. 
Interest rate risk 
Investment in floating rate Notes (being any Notes in respect of which the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms, (the "Floating Rate Notes")) and fixed rate Notes 
(being any Notes in respect of which the "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, (the "Fixed Rate Notes")) involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest 
rates may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes and Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and 
other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. The ratings may be lower were the statement of support 
from Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited not in place. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at 
any time. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the specified currency in accordance with the 
Conditions of the Notes. This would present certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's 
financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") 
other than the specified currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the specified currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) 
and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency relative to the specified currency 
would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) 
exchange controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive 
less interest or return on their initial invested amount than expected, or no interest or return on their initial 
invested amount. 
The secondary market generally 
The Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary 
market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market 
risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the 
investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Risk factors relating to potential conflicts of interest 
The Issuer and its affiliates may act in a number of capacities in respect of Notes issued under the 
Programme including, without limitation, Dealer and Calculation Agent. The Issuer and its affiliates acting 
in such capacities in connection with such Notes shall have only the duties and responsibilities expressly 
agreed to by such entities in the relevant capacity and shall not, by virtue of acting in any other capacity, 
be deemed to have other duties or responsibilities or be deemed to hold a standard of care other than as 
expressly provided with respect to each such capacity. 
As the Calculation Agent will generally be the Issuer or an affiliate of the Issuer, potential conflicts of 
interest may exist between the Calculation Agent and the investors, including with respect to the exercise 
of the very broad discretionary powers of the Calculation Agent. For example, the Calculation Agent has 
the authority (i) to determine whether certain specified events and/or matters so specified in the conditions 
relating to a Series of Notes have occurred and (ii) to determine any resulting adjustments and calculations 
or substitutions as described in such conditions. Potential investors should be aware that any determination

--- Page 36 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 34 -
70-41019079 
 
 
made by the Calculation Agent may have an impact on the value and financial return of the Notes. Any 
such discretion exercised by, or any calculation made by, the Calculation Agent (in the absence of manifest 
error) shall be binding on the relevant Issuer and all investors. 
The Issuer or certain of its affiliates may from time to time, by virtue of its status as underwriter, advisor 
or otherwise, possess or have access to information relating to the Notes, the underlying asset(s) and any 
derivative securities referencing them. None of the Issuer or its affiliates will be obliged to disclose any 
such information to a purchaser of the Notes. 
The Issuer and/or other affiliates may in the ordinary course of business: (i) effect transactions for its own 
account or for the account of its customers and hold long or short positions in the underlying asset(s) or 
related derivatives; (ii) in connection with an offering of Notes, enter into one or more hedging transactions 
with respect to the underlying assets(s) or related derivatives; and/or (iii) in connection with such hedging 
or market-making activities or with respect to proprietary or other trading activities, enter into transactions 
in the underlying asset(s) or related derivatives which may adversely (or positively) affect the price, 
liquidity or value of the relevant Notes and which could therefore be adverse to the interests of the relevant 
holders. 
The Issuer and its affiliates in their various capacities in connection with the Notes may also enter into 
business dealings, from which they may derive revenues and profits in addition to any fees, without any 
duty to account therefor.

--- Page 37 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 35 -
70-41019079 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2019 together with the audit report thereon (which is available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Consolidated+Annual+Report++-
+2019_933209ff-74c2-44d6-ace3-e2d18a838155.PDF); 
2. 
the audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 2020, together with the audit report thereon (which is available at: 
https://v.icbc.com.cn/userfiles/Resources/ICBC/haiwai/StandardBank/Download/2021/Consolida
tedAnnualReport20.pdf); 
3. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 38 to 80 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 81 to 142 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 155 to 174 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 175 to 178 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 7 July 2020 (the "2020 Base Prospectus", which is 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5777d9e9-f9a6-45a5-a905-5bba34b9ca89.pdf); 
4. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 36 to 71 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 95 to 155 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 213 to 232 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 233 to 235 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 4 July 2019 (the "2019 Base Prospectus", which is 
available 
at 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9cd644a4-af9c-4279-bbb7-11879f6e59d3.PDF ); 
5. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 35 to 68 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 92 to 152 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 210 to 229 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 230 to 231 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 27 July 2018 (the "2018 Base Prospectus", which is 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_0639c576-5f80-4d5c-a5d7-2967826cab11.PDF); 
6. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 33 to 64 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 88 to 149 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 201 to 220 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 221 to 222 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 5 July 2017 (the "2017 Base Prospectus", which is 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_ed24c7b8-e79a-428b-8112-c44c53d17f6f.PDF); 
7. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 29 to 58 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 59 to 111 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 140 to 158 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 159 to 160 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 20 June 2016 (the "2016 Base Prospectus", which is 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_5698edbb-edf1-4ffe-bed1-b521b91e7f86.PDF); 
8. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 30 to 58 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 58 to 115 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 138 to 157 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 157 to 159 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 21 May 2015 (available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-
1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_d8d0c85b-f1ed-46d8-
bd77-a9eb97026e1e.PDF), as amended and/or supplement by the supplement dated 5 June 2015

--- Page 38 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 36 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_c9ba2cfa-8bcf-41f5-936c-03f560b87e08.PDF) (together, 
the "2015 Base Prospectus"); 
9. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 25 to 51 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 52 to 97 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex", the currency annex set out on pages 119 to 136 under the heading 
"Currency Annex" and the rate option annex set out on pages 137 to 138 under the heading "Rate 
Option Annex", of the base prospectus dated 20 August 2013 (available at: https://ise-prodnr-eu-
west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_9cc3967d-2354-
4f01-821f-27d239400268.PDF), as amended and/or supplemented by the supplement dated 7 
February 
2014 
(available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Supplements_4c887030-71da-4de6-8ace-2b36b828c11a.PDF) 
(together, the "2013 Base Prospectus"); 
10. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 29 to 53 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 229 to 284 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex" and the currency annex set out on pages 337 to 364 under the heading 
"Currency Annex", of the base prospectus dated 28 June 2012 (the "2012 Base Prospectus", 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_73341cac-78f2-4e3a-821f-f6a21565accb.PDF); and 
11. 
the terms and conditions set out on pages 29 to 52 under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes", the credit linked derivatives annex set out on pages 220 to 275 under the heading "Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex" and the currency annex set out on pages 328 to 356 under the heading 
"Currency Annex", of the base prospectus dated 30 August 2011 (the "2011 Base Prospectus", 
available 
at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Base+Prospectus_e8e1406d-e2ad-45c8-8615-9ab3ad551c1d.PDF). 
Such documents have been previously published or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus 
and have been filed with Euronext Dublin. 
Any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or 
superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies 
or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement so 
modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Information contained in the documents incorporated by reference other than information listed in the table 
below is not specifically relevant to an investor and is for information purposes only, and does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus have been filed with the Central 
Bank and may be obtained without charge from the registered office of the Issuer which is 20 Gresham 
Street, London EC2V 7JE. 
The audited consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 
December 
2020 
and 
31 
December 
2019 
are 
available 
for 
viewing 
at 
https://www.icbcstandard.com/ICBC/%e6%b5%b7%e5%a4%96%e5%88%86%e8%a1%8c/%e5%b7%a5
%e9%93%b6%e6%a0%87%e5%87%86/en/AboutUs/InvestorRelations/). 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the audited consolidated annual statements for the 
financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 as set out in the Issuer's Annual Report. 
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2020 
Independent Auditor's Report......................................................................................................................................
Page 45
Consolidated Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................................
Page 51
Consolidated Income Statement..................................................................................................................................
Page 52
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................................................................................
Page 53

--- Page 39 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 37 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity ......................................................................................
Page 54
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .......................................................................................................................
Page 55
Significant Accounting Policies ..................................................................................................................................
Page 59
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements...................................................................................................................
Page 77
 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements of the 
Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2019 
Independent Auditor's Report......................................................................................................................................
Page 40
Consolidated Balance Sheet ........................................................................................................................................
Page 47
Consolidated Income Statement..................................................................................................................................
Page 48
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income ....................................................................................................
Page 49
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Shareholders' Equity ......................................................................................
Page 50
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows .......................................................................................................................
Page 51
Significant Accounting Policies ..................................................................................................................................
Page 55
Notes to the Annual Financial Statements...................................................................................................................
Page 74

--- Page 40 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 38 -
70-41019079 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following (including the Annexes hereto), is the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to 
completion in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the relevant Final Terms (and, in the case of a 
Series Prospectus, any applicable schedule or annex thereto), shall be applicable to the Notes in definitive 
form (if any) issued in exchange for the Global Note(s) representing each Series. Where there are references 
to Final Terms in these Terms and Conditions, these references shall be deemed to include references to a 
Series Prospectus (as defined in the Base Prospectus in relation to the Notes) or, in relation to any Tranche 
of Exempt Notes, a Pricing Supplement, as applicable.  The full text of these terms and conditions together 
with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms, Series Prospectus or Pricing Supplement, as applicable 
shall be endorsed on such Bearer Notes or on the Certificates relating to such Registered Notes. 
The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to any Tranche of Exempt Notes may specify other terms 
and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with the following terms 
and conditions, supplement, replace or modify the following Terms and Conditions for the purpose of such 
Exempt Notes. 
The notes ("Notes") are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise of one or more 
tranches ("Tranches" and each a "Tranche") of Notes. The Notes are issued with the benefit of a deed of 
covenant (the "Deed of Covenant") dated 7 July 2021 executed by the Issuer. All Tranches of Notes 
comprising the same Series will be subject to identical terms, other than in respect of the Issue Date or the 
Interest Commencement Date, if applicable (each as specified in the applicable Final Terms). Each Series 
will be the subject of final terms (each a set of "Final Terms", which term also includes reference to Series 
Prospectus (as defined in the Base Prospectus relating to the Notes) when applicable) endorsed on the 
Notes, a copy of which will be available for inspection by any holder of such Notes at the specified UK 
office (as defined below). 
References in these terms and conditions (the "Conditions") to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, 
not to all Notes which may be issued under the Programme, and references to "Coupons" (as defined below) 
are to Coupons relating to Notes of the relevant Series. 
Certain capitalised terms used in these Conditions are defined in Condition 4.10 (Definitions) and elsewhere 
in these Conditions. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings 
given to them in the relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. References in these Conditions to (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any 
premium payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Face Amounts and all other amounts in 
the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase Options and Physical 
Delivery) or any amendment or supplement to it and (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest 
Amounts and all other amounts payable pursuant to Condition 6 (Payments) or any amendment or 
supplement to it. 
1. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
1.1 
Form and Denomination 
The Notes are issued in bearer form ("Bearer Notes") or in registered form ("Registered Notes") 
in each case in the Specified Denomination(s) shown in the Final Terms provided that in the case 
of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, the 
minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency as at 
the date of issue of the relevant Notes). 
If any Notes are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (an "Exempt Note"), the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) will be set out in a Pricing Supplement attached to or endorsed on the Notes 
which may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, supplement, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes

--- Page 41 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 39 -
70-41019079 
 
 
of the Notes). If the relevant Notes are Exempt Notes, any reference in these Conditions to the 
applicable Final Terms shall be deemed to be a reference to applicable the Pricing Supplement. 
1.2 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes are serially numbered and are issued with Coupons (and, where appropriate talons) 
attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in which case references to interest (other than in 
relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not 
applicable. Notes, the principal amount of which is repayable by instalments ("Instalment Notes") 
are issued with one or more Receipts attached. 
1.3 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes are represented by registered certificates ("Certificates") and, save as provided 
in Condition 2.2 (Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes), each 
Certificate shall represent the entire holding of Registered Notes by the same holder. 
1.4 
Title 
Title to the Bearer Notes and the Receipts, Coupons and Talons shall pass by delivery. Title to the 
Registered Notes shall pass by registration in the register (the "Register") that the Issuer shall keep 
or shall procure to be kept by any person appointed as registrar and specified in the Final Terms 
(in that capacity, the "Registrar"). Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as 
required by law, the holder of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may 
be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or interest in it, any writing on it (or on the Certificate representing it) or 
its theft or loss (or that of the related Certificate) and no person shall be liable for so treating the 
holder. 
2. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
2.1 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
The Final Terms may specify that the Registered Notes of any Series may be transferred only with 
the prior written consent of the Issuer. One or more Registered Notes may be transferred upon the 
surrender (at the specified office of the Registrar) of the Certificate representing such Registered 
Notes to be transferred, together with the form of transfer endorsed on such Certificate, (or another 
form of transfer substantially in the same form and containing the same representations and 
certifications (if any), unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer), duly completed and executed and 
any other evidence as the Registrar may reasonably require. In the case of a transfer of part only 
of a holding of Registered Notes represented by one Certificate, a new Certificate shall be issued 
to the transferee in respect of the part transferred and a further new Certificate in respect of the 
balance of the holding not transferred shall be issued to the transferor provided that in the case of 
a transfer of Registered Notes to a person who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new 
Certificate representing the enlarged holding shall only be issued against surrender of the 
Certificate representing the existing holding. All transfers of Notes and entries on the Register will 
be made subject to the detailed regulations concerning transfers of Notes set out in the Schedule to 
the Deed of Covenant. The regulations may be changed by the Issuer, with the prior written 
approval of the Noteholders. A copy of the current regulations will be made available by the 
Registrar to any Noteholder upon request. 
2.2 
Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes 
In the case of an exercise of an Issuer's or Noteholders' option in respect of, or a partial redemption 
of, a holding of Registered Notes represented by a single Certificate, a new Certificate shall be 
issued to the holder to reflect the exercise of such option or in respect of the balance of the holding 
not redeemed. In the case of a partial exercise of an option resulting in Registered Notes of the 
same holding having different terms, separate Certificates shall be issued in respect of those Notes 
of that holding that have the same terms. New Certificates shall only be issued against surrender 
of the existing Certificates to the Registrar. In the case of a transfer of Registered Notes to a person 
who is already a holder of Registered Notes, a new Certificate representing the enlarged holding 
shall only be issued against surrender of the Certificate representing the existing holding.

--- Page 42 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 40 -
70-41019079 
 
 
2.3 
Delivery of New Certificates 
Each new Certificate to be issued pursuant to Condition 2.1 (Transfer of Registered Notes) or 2.2 
(Exercise of Options or Partial Redemption in respect of Registered Notes) shall be available for 
delivery within three business days of receipt of the request for exchange, form of transfer or 
Exercise Notice (as defined in Condition 5.6 (Redemption at the Option of Noteholders)) and 
surrender of the Certificate for exchange together with satisfaction of any other requirements 
imposed by these Conditions. Delivery of the new Certificate(s) shall be made at the specified 
office of the Registrar to whom delivery or surrender of such request for exchange, form of transfer, 
Exercise Notice or Certificate shall have been made or, at the option of the holder making such 
delivery or surrender as aforesaid and as specified in the relevant request for exchange, form of 
transfer, Exercise Notice or otherwise in writing, be mailed by uninsured post at the risk of the 
holder entitled to the new Certificate to such address as may be so specified, unless such holder 
requests otherwise and pays in advance to the Registrar the costs of such other method of delivery 
and/or such insurance as it may specify. In this Condition 2.3, "business day" means a day, other 
than a Saturday or Sunday, on which banks are open for business in the place of the specified office 
of the Registrar. 
2.4 
Transfer Free of Charge 
Transfer of Notes and Certificates on registration, transfer, partial redemption or exercise of an 
option shall be effected without charge by or on behalf of the Issuer, except upon payment of any 
tax or other governmental charges that may be imposed in relation to it (or the giving of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require). 
2.5 
Closed Periods 
No Noteholder may require the transfer of a Registered Note of any Series to be registered (a) 
during the period of 15 days ending on the due date for redemption of, or payment of any Instalment 
Amount in respect of, that Note, (b) during the period of 15 days prior to the date on which Notes 
may be called for redemption by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer), (c) after any such Note has been called for redemption or (d) during the period of 
seven days ending on (and including) any Record Date (as defined in Condition 6.2 (Registered 
Notes)). 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and Coupons relating to them constitute direct, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu without any preference among themselves and (save 
for certain debts required to be preferred by law) equally with all other present and future unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Interest and other Calculations and Definitions 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its Calculation Amount from the Interest Commencement 
Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest 
being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. The amount of interest payable shall be 
determined in accordance with Condition 4.8 (Calculations). 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note and Variable Linked Interest Note bears interest on its Calculation 
Amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
The amount of interest payable shall be determined in accordance with Condition 4.8 
(Calculations).

--- Page 43 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 41 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Business Day Convention 
If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be subject to adjustment in accordance 
with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day, then, if 
the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating Rate Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the 
next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such date shall be the last Business Day of the 
month in which such date would have fallen had it not been subject to adjustment (the "Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention"), (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall 
be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day (the "Following Business Day Convention"), 
(C) the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next 
day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event 
such date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day (save in respect of 
Notes for which the Reference Rate is SOFR, for which the final Interest Payment Date will not 
be postponed and interest on that payment will not accrue during the period from and after the 
scheduled final Interest Payment Date) (the "Modified Following Business Day Convention") or 
(D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day (the "Preceding Business Day Convention"). 
(c) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes for each Interest Accrual Period shall be 
determined in the manner specified below and the provisions below relating to either ISDA 
Determination, Screen Rate Determination or Rate Option Annex Determination shall apply, 
depending upon which is specified to apply in the Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the relevant ISDA Rate. 
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (i), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest Accrual Period 
means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Calculation Agent 
under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period, unless 
otherwise specified in the Final Terms. 
For the purposes of the above sub-paragraph, "Floating Rate", "Calculation Agent", 
"Floating Rate Option", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA and/or 
SOFR is specified as the Reference Rate) will, subject as provided below, be 
either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate for the 
Designated Maturity which appears or appear, as the case may be, on the Relevant

--- Page 44 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 42 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Screen Page as at either 11.00 a.m. (London time in the case of the London inter-
bank offered rate ("LIBOR"), the London inter-bank bid rate ("LIBID") and the 
London inter-bank mean rate ("LIMEAN") or Brussels time in the case of the 
Euro-zone interbank offered rate ("EURIBOR") on the Interest Determination 
Date in question as determined by the Calculation Agent. If five or more of such 
offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if 
there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Calculation Agent for the purpose of 
determining the arithmetic mean of such offered quotations. 
(B) 
if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (A)(1) applies and 
no such offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub paragraph 
(A)(2) above applies and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the 
Relevant Screen Page in each case as at the time specified above, subject as 
provided below, the Calculation Agent shall request, if the Reference Rate is 
LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN, the principal London office of each of the Reference 
Banks or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of 
each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Calculation Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate, if 
the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(London time), or if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of 
the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Accrual Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
of such offered quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(C) 
if paragraph (B) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines that fewer 
than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum 
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the 
Calculation Agent by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at which 
such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that 
which would have been used for the Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN, the London inter-bank market or, 
if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case 
may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation 
Agent with such offered rates, the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the Reference 
Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (London time) or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time), on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, any one or more banks (which bank or banks is or are in the 
opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the Calculation Agent it 
is quoting to leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is LIBOR, LIBID or 
LIMEAN, the London inter-bank market or, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, 
the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, provided that, if the Rate 
of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of 
this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last preceding 
Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied to the last preceding 
Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period, in place of the

--- Page 45 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 43 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period). 
(iii) 
Rate Option Annex Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) 
Where Rate Option Annex Determination is specified in the Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Final Terms shall 
specify which Benchmark Rate is applicable and the Rate of Interest for each 
Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in accordance with the provisions set 
out for such Benchmark Rate in Part 2 of the Rate Option Annex. 
(B) 
Where, for any reason, it is not possible to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Benchmark Rate in accordance with the provisions of the Rate Option 
Annex, then such Rate of Interest shall be determined by the Calculation Agent 
in its sole and absolute discretion. 
(iv) 
Interest – Notes referencing SONIA 
(A) 
This Condition 4.2(c)(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable and the "Reference 
Rate" is specified in the Final Terms as being "SONIA". 
(B) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate 
of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be 
Compounded Daily SONIA plus or minus (as specified in the Final Terms) the 
Margin, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(c)(iv): 
"Compounded Daily SONIA", with respect to an Interest Period, will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the Interest Determination Date in 
accordance with the following formula, and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded 
upwards: 
ቂ∏
ቀ1 + 
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖 x 𝑛𝑖
365
ቁ
𝑑𝑜
𝑖= 1
−1ቃx 
365
𝑑 
"d" means, for any Observation Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Observation Period; 
"do" means, for any Observation Period, the number of London Banking Days in 
such Observation Period; 
"i" means, for any Observation Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first London Banking Day in such Observation Period to, and 
including, the last London Banking Day in such Observation Period; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date 
falling p London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such 
Interest Period (or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable).  
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial banks 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i", in the relevant Observation Period the 
number of calendar days from, and including, such London Banking Day "i" up 
to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;

--- Page 46 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 44 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"p" for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified 
in the Final Terms.  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" London Banking Days prior to the first day of 
such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period shall begin on and include the 
Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which is p 
London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period 
(or the date falling p London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on 
which the Notes become due and payable); 
"SONIA Reference Rate" means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") 
rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to 
authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such 
authorised distributors) on the London Banking Day immediately following such 
London Banking Day; and  
"SONIAi" means, in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period, the SONIA Reference Rate. 
(D) 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period, the 
Calculation Bank determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on 
the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be:  
(1) 
(x) the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at 
close of business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (y) the mean 
of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to the Bank Rate over the 
previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than 
one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread 
(or, if there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest 
spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(2) 
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference 
Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by 
the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors). 
(E) 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this Condition 4.2(c)(iv), the Interest Rate shall be (I) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period) or (II) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to 
the Notes for the first Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin applicable 
to the first Interest Period). 
(F) 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of 
default), the final Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the 
definition specified above, be deemed to be the date on which the Notes became

--- Page 47 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 45 -
70-41019079 
 
 
due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the Notes 
remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
(v) 
Consequences of an Index Cessation Event or Administrator/Benchmark Event 
(A) 
Index Cessation Event: Notwithstanding anything else in this Condition 4.2(c) 
(Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes), if the Calculation Agent determines 
that an Index Cessation Event has occurred or is existing on any day in respect of 
any Floating Rate Notes, then (subject to the final paragraph of this Condition 
4.2(iv)) the Calculation Agent shall determine the Rate of Interest for each 
subsequent Interest Period in respect of such Floating Rate Notes as follows (such 
that, in respect of any such Interest Period, the Rate of Interest shall be determined 
by the first of (A), (B) or (C) below (applied sequentially) which the Calculation 
Agent determines is able to be utilised in order to determine the Rate of Interest): 
(1) 
the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean, as calculated by the 
Calculation Agent, of the rates of interest that each of the five major 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, if 
appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that 
is most closely connected with the benchmark rate on which the relevant 
Floating Rate Option is based is quoting to leading banks in respect of an 
amount of deposits in the Specified Currency that is representative for a 
single transaction in the relevant market for a period equal to the relevant 
Interest Period (commencing on the first day of such Interest Period) on 
the Interest Determination Date at such local time which is customary to 
determine bid and offered rates in respect of deposits in the Specified 
Currency in the relevant market, provided that if the Calculation Agent 
is unable to find five such banks then as many of such banks as the 
Calculation Agent is able to select so long as there are at least two such 
banks selected; 
(2) 
the Rate of Interest shall be determined by reference to the rate which the 
Calculation Agent determines has replaced the relevant Floating Rate 
Option in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest in respect of 
bonds denominated in the Specified Currency and of a comparable 
duration to the relevant Interest Period, or, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Calculation 
Agent determines is most comparable to the relevant Floating Rate 
Option; 
(3) 
the Rate of Interest shall be the Rate of Interest determined in respect of 
the immediately preceding Interest Period (after any readjustment to any 
difference between any Margin, Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest applicable to the such preceding Interest Period and to 
the relevant Interest Period), provided that if no Rate of Interest has been 
determined in respect of any such preceding Interest Period (or there is 
no such preceding Interest Period), the Rate of Interest shall be the rate 
as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, provided 
that, in the case of each of paragraph (1), (2) and (3) (excluding the 
proviso within paragraph (3)), the application of the provisions of such 
paragraph (as applicable) is and would not be unlawful at any time under 
any applicable law or regulation and would not contravene any 
applicable licensing requirements to determine the Rate of Interest in 
accordance with the terms of such provisions. 
If the Calculation Agent determines the Rate of Interest in accordance with (1), 
(2) or (3) above it may make such adjustment(s) that it determines to be 
appropriate, if any, to any variable, calculation methodology, valuation, 
settlement, payment terms or any other terms of the Floating Rate Notes to 
account for such change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest,

--- Page 48 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 46 -
70-41019079 
 
 
including (but not limited to) any such adjustment(s) that the Calculation Agent 
determines are required in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonable 
practicable, any change in the economic value of the Floating Rate Notes from 
such change to the method of determination of the Rate of Interest. 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the application of (1), (2) or (3) above 
would not achieve a commercially reasonable result, the Calculation Agent may 
determine that the Floating Rate Notes shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each Floating Rate 
Note held by it an amount determined pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Early 
Redemption Amount - Other Notes). 
(B) 
Administrator/Benchmark Event: if the Calculation Agent determines that an 
Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred or is existing on any day in respect 
of any Floating Rate Notes and a Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Floating Rate Notes shall be redeemed, in which event the 
Issuer will cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each Floating Rate 
Note held by it an amount determined pursuant to Condition 5.4 (Early 
Redemption Amount - Other Notes). 
(C) 
The paragraphs above of this Condition 4.2(c) shall not apply to Notes for which 
the Reference Rate is specified in the Final Terms as being "SOFR", in respect of 
which the provisions of Condition 4.2(c)(vi) below shall apply. 
(vi) 
Interest – Notes referencing SOFR 
(A) 
This Condition 4.2(c)(vi) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Reference Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the 
Benchmark plus or minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, 
all as determined by the Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest 
for any Interest Period be less than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B: 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of 
daily SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the 
specific formula and other provisions set out in this Condition 4.2(c)(vi).  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment 
Date (or, in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) 
to, but excluding, the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final 
Interest Period, the Maturity Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on 
any earlier redemption date, the relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where 
"p" has the value ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a 
Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial 
Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its 
members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government 
securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre(s) and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities 
are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed;

--- Page 49 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 47 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, 
and including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days 
preceding the first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling 
"p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment 
Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(1) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR 
Administrator's Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the 
immediately following U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the 
"SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(2) 
if the rate specified in (i) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate was published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a 
successor administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the 
following formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards to 0.00001): 
 
where:  
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and 
including, the first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Observation Period;  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day ("i+1"); and  
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(D) 
If the Issuer determines on or prior to the relevant Reference Time that a 
Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have 
occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the Benchmark 
Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to 
the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all determinations 
on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark

--- Page 50 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 48 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Replacement, the Issuer will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of Noteholders .  
(E) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Issuer pursuant 
to this section, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or 
adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection:  
(1) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(2) 
will be made in the sole discretion of the Issuer; and  
(3) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating 
to the Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of 
the Notes or any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined 
above; provided that if the Issuer determines on or prior to the Reference Time 
that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date 
have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or the published daily SOFR 
used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current Benchmark, then "Benchmark" 
shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order 
below that can be determined by the Issuer as of the Benchmark Replacement 
Date: 
(1) 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark and (y) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment;  
(2) 
the sum of: (x) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (y) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment; or  
(3) 
the sum of: (x) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Issuer as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark giving due 
consideration to any industry-accepted rate of interest as a replacement 
for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate 
notes at such time and (y) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in 
the order below that can be determined by the issuer or its designee as of the 
Benchmark Replacement Date:  
(1) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such 
spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental 
Body for the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(2) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the 
ISDA Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(3) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) 
that has been selected by the Issuer giving due consideration to any 
industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method for calculating or 
determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the then-
current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time;

--- Page 51 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 49 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative 
matters) that the Issuer decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption of such 
Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with market 
practice (or, if the Issuer decides that adoption of any portion of such market 
practice is not administratively feasible or if the Issuer determines that no market 
practice for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as 
the Issuer determines is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(1) 
in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the 
administrator of the Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(2) 
in the case of clause (3) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the date of the public statement or publication of information 
referenced therein.  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark 
Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time 
in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the 
following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily 
published component used in the calculation thereof):  
(1) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that 
such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time 
of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(2) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), 
the central bank for the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), 
an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for the 
Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction 
over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component) or a court 
or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the 
administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the administrator of 
the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide 
the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(3) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory 
supervisor for the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the 
Benchmark is no longer representative; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the 
International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto,

--- Page 52 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 50 -
70-41019079 
 
 
as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional 
booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a 
positive or negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an 
index cessation event with respect to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives 
transactions referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence 
of an index cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor 
excluding the applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (x) 
if the Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (y) 
if the Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Issuer 
after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or 
convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York or any successor thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement 
excluding the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(F) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the 
specific terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined 
under this Condition 4.2(c)(vi) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
on which such changes take effect.  
(d) 
 Interest Amount for Variable Linked Interest Notes 
The Interest Amount in respect of Variable Linked Interest Notes for each Interest Accrual Period 
shall be determined in the manner specified below and interest will accrue by reference to a variable 
or formula as specified below. 
(i) 
Where "Variable Linked Interest – Standard" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount will be determined in accordance with the following formula: 
Interest Calculation Amount multiplied by Rate multiplied by Day Count Fraction 
multiplied by FX Performance (if applicable) 
Where: 
"Rate" means the interest rate specified in the Final Terms; 
"FX Performance" means FX Rate (0) divided by FX Rate (T) where: 
"FX Rate (0)" means the rate specified in the Final Terms; and 
"FX Rate (T)"means the Settlement Rate. 
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the Interest Amount, if any, shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex and subject to the FX Break Costs 
adjustments pursuant to the Currency Annex. 
Where "Additional Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in 
relation to the Interest Period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Noteholders will be entitled to receive the Specified Currency equivalent (as determined

--- Page 53 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 51 -
70-41019079 
 
 
by the Issuer at its discretion) of any interest which accrued on the Reference Obligation 
from the Additional Accrued Interest Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Where "Variable Linked Interest – Pass Through (Standard)" is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Interest Amount will be determined in accordance with the 
following formula: 
Interest Calculation Amount divided by the Relevant Portion multiplied by the Pass 
Through Proportion (Interest) 
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the Interest Amount, if any, shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex and subject to the FX Break Costs 
adjustments pursuant to the Currency Annex. 
Where "Additional Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in 
relation to the Interest Period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Noteholders will be entitled to receive the Specified Currency equivalent (as determined 
by the Issuer at its discretion) of any interest which accrued on the Reference Obligation 
from the Additional Accrued Interest Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date in 
addition to the Specified Currency equivalent of any interest which accrued on the 
Reference Obligation for such Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Where "Variable Linked Interest – Pass Through (FX)" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Interest Amount will be determined in accordance with the following 
formula: 
(Interest Calculation Amount divided by the Settlement Rate) divided by the Relevant 
Portion multiplied by the Pass Through Proportion (Interest) 
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the Interest Amount, if any, shall be 
adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex and subject to the FX Break Costs 
adjustments pursuant to the Currency Annex. 
Where "Additional Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, in 
relation to the Interest Period beginning on the Interest Commencement Date, the 
Noteholders will be entitled to receive the Specified Currency equivalent (as determined 
by the Issuer at its discretion) of any interest which accrued on the Reference Obligation 
from the Additional Accrued Interest Date prior to the Interest Commencement Date in 
addition to the Specified Currency equivalent of any interest which accrued on the 
Reference Obligation for such Interest Period, and multiplied by the Additional Accrued 
Interest Proportion. 
(iv) 
Where "Variable Linked Interest – FX Basket" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Interest Amount calculated in accordance with these Conditions shall be 
subject to the following adjustment: 
Interest Amount determined in accordance with the other provisions of these Conditions 
multiplied by the Currency Basket Performance 
Where: 
"Currency Basket Performance" means ∑
ி௫೔(଴)
ி௫೔(்)
௡
௜ୀଵ
× 𝑊௜ 
"Fxi(0)" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant exchange 
rate. 
"Fxi(T)" means the relevant exchange rate between the relevant currencies as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the Settlement Rate Option.

--- Page 54 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 52 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Wi" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference 
Currency.  
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred in relation to one or more Reference 
Currencies (as specified in the Final Terms) (each such currency an "Affected Currency" 
and all other currencies the "Non-Affected Currencies"), the interest amount adjustment 
specified in this Condition 4.2(d)(iv) shall be determined separately in respect of the Non-
Affected Currencies taken together and the Affected Currencies taken together, subject to 
such adjustments in respect of the Affected Currencies as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine in its sole discretion in accordance with the Currency Annex (to the extent 
applicable). 
(v) 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has occurred 
or is in existence on any day in respect of the Variable Linked Interest Notes and a 
Relevant Benchmark, the Calculation Agent may at any time determine that the Variable 
Linked Interest Notes shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will cause to be paid 
to each Holder in respect of each Variable Linked Interest Note held by it pursuant to 
Condition 5.4 (Early Redemption Amount - Other Notes). 
(vi) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) above, the following defined 
terms shall have the definitions set out below: 
"Currency Annex" means the Currency Annex annexed to these Conditions. 
"Disruption Event" has the meaning given to it in the Currency Annex. 
"Interest Calculation Amount" means the amount which the Issuer determines that a 
holder of the Specified Nominal Amount of the Reference Obligation would receive for 
the relevant interest period in respect of the Reference Obligation. Such amount shall be 
net of all taxes including withholding taxes (if any), duties, fees or commissions payable 
by a holder of the Reference Obligation. 
"Pass Through Proportion (Interest)" means the proportion specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Rate Option Annex" means the Rate Option Annex annexed to these Conditions. 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified as such in the Final Terms or 
any Substitute Reference Obligation (as defined in the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex). 
"Reference Rate" means LIBOR, EURIBOR, SONIA or SOFR. 
"Relevant Portion" means the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes divided by the 
Calculation Amount. 
"Settlement Rate" means such foreign exchange rate between the Reference Obligation 
Currency and the Settlement Currency as determined on the Valuation Date by the 
Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion by reference to (i) the Settlement Rate 
Option or (ii) the exchange rate (if any) specified in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Rate Option" means, in relation to the making of any FX Calculation (as 
defined in the Currency Annex), the method of determining the Settlement Rate specified 
in the Final Terms, which may either be (i) by reference to any of the terms defined in 
Section 4.5 and Section 4.6 of Annex A to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date), which terms shall be specified in the 
Final Terms (in which case, the terms of such Section 4.5 and Section 4.6 shall, to the 
extent they are used in defining a Settlement Rate Option, be deemed to be incorporated 
in these Conditions) ("FX and Currency Option Determination"); (ii) Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate; (iii) Issuer Discretion, (iv) Reference Dealer Poll 
or (v) by reference to Part 1 of the Rate Option Annex and/or the relevant Settlement 
Option Rate specified in the Final Terms ("Rate Option Annex Determination"). Where,

--- Page 55 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 53 -
70-41019079 
 
 
for any reason, it is not possible to determine the Settlement Rate in accordance with the 
relevant method specified in the Final Terms, then the Settlement Rate shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Specified Nominal Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, 
provided that if 'Amortising Reference Obligation' is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, and, at any time, the Reference Obligation has been redeemed in 
part pursuant to any of the terms and conditions thereof that provide for the redemption of 
the Reference Obligation in instalments, then the Specified Nominal Amount in respect of 
such time means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms as adjusted to take 
account of such redemption in part, as determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner. 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
4.3 
Zero Coupon Notes 
Where a Note the interest basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon is repayable prior to the 
Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the Maturity Date 
shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate of 
Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 5.4(a)(ii) (Early 
Redemption – Zero Coupon Notes)). 
4.4 
Dual Currency Notes 
In the case of Notes in respect of which the "Dual Currency Note Provisions" are specified to be 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms ("Dual Currency Notes") the Settlement Currency shall be 
different from the Specified Currency of the Notes and any Interest Amount or Redemption 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the Interest Amount or Redemption Amount, as 
applicable, in the Specified Currency of the Notes calculated in accordance with the relevant 
provisions of Condition 4 (Interest and Other Calculations and Definitions) or Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase Options and Physical Delivery) by the Settlement Rate (as defined in 
Condition 4.2(d)(v)) (provided that references in the definition of "Settlement Rate" to the 
"Valuation Date" shall be deemed to refer to such date and time as the Calculation Agent deems 
appropriate). For the purposes of this Condition 4.4, all references in these Conditions to 
"Reference Obligation Currency" shall be deemed to be references to "Specified Currency". 
4.5 
Partly Paid Notes 
In the case of Partly Paid Notes (other than Partly Paid Notes which are Zero Coupon Notes), 
interest will accrue as aforesaid on the paid-up nominal amount of such Notes and otherwise as 
specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement. Partly Paid Notes will be issued as Exempt Notes 
only. 
4.6 
Accrual of Interest 
Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest or by reference to calculation of 
the Interest Amount, in each case in the manner provided in this Condition 4 (Interest and other 
Calculations and Definitions) to the Relevant Date. 
4.7 
Occurrence of Specified Event 
The obligation of the Issuer to pay interest on any interest-bearing Note that is a Specified Event 
Linked Note is subject, at all times, to the operation of Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified 
Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event).

--- Page 56 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 54 -
70-41019079 
 
 
4.8 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest. Maximum/Minimum Instalment Amounts 
and Maximum/Minimum Redemption Amounts and Rounding 
(a) 
If any Margin is specified in the Final Terms (either (x) generally, or (y) in relation to one or more 
Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or 
the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in 
accordance with Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes) 
above by adding (if a positive number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of 
such Margin, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(b) 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest or Maximum Interest Amount or 
Minimum Interest Amount or Maximum Instalment Amount or Minimum Instalment Amount or 
Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the Final Terms, 
then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount, Redemption Amount or Interest Amount shall be 
subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be. 
(c) 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions, (x) all percentages 
resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded 
to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency amounts that fall 
due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with halves being rounded 
up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest yen. For these purposes 
"unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency. 
4.9 
Calculations 
The amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount in respect of any Note for any Interest 
Accrual Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent and shall be equal to the product of 
the Rate of Interest, the Calculation Amount specified in the Final Terms, and the Day Count 
Fraction for such Interest Accrual Period, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its 
calculation) is applicable to such Interest Accrual Period, in which case the amount of interest 
payable per Calculation Amount in respect of such Note for such Interest Accrual Period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable per 
Calculation Amount in respect of such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Interest Amounts 
payable in respect of each of those Interest Accrual Periods. In respect of any other period for 
which interest is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count 
Fraction shall be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
For the avoidance of doubt, in relation to any amount which is payable under these Conditions in 
respect of a Note and which is calculated by reference to a Calculation Amount, references to 
"Note" shall mean to a Note having a nominal amount (or face value) equal to the Calculation 
Amount. 
Payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made in the Specified Currency, unless the 
Dual Currency Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in respect 
of payments of interest, in which case payments of interest in respect of the Notes will be made in 
the Settlement Currency in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.4. 
4.10 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption 
Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts and Instalment 
Amounts 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable on each Interest Determination Date or such 
other time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate any rate or amount, 
obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, determine such rate and calculate 
the Interest Amounts for the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain 
such quotation or make such determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate 
of Interest and the Interest Amounts for each Interest Accrual Period and the relevant Interest

--- Page 57 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 55 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount, Optional Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount to be notified to the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further 
calculation upon receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed on a stock exchange and 
the rules of such exchange or other relevant authority so require, such exchange or other relevant 
authority as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than (i) the 
commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to such time, in the case of 
notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) in all other cases, 
the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or Interest 
Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 4.2(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day Convention), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening 
of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 10 (Events of Default), 
the accrued interest and the Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless 
continue to be calculated as previously in accordance with this Condition 4.9 but no publication of 
the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so calculated need be made. The determination of any 
rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of each determination or calculation 
by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding upon all 
parties. 
4.11 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below:  
"Additional Accrued Interest Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" means, in respect of any Notes and a Relevant Benchmark,  
the occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of any of the following events 
in respect of such Relevant Benchmark: 
 
(a) 
"Non-Approval Event", being any of the following: 
(i) 
any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or 
approval in respect of the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of 
the Relevant Benchmark is not obtained; 
 
(ii) 
the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark is not included in an official register; or 
 
(iii) 
the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark does not fulfil any legal or regulatory requirement applicable to the 
Notes or the Relevant Benchmark, 
 
in each case, as required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or 
the Calculation Agent to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Non-Approval Event shall not occur if the Relevant 
Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark is not included in 
an official register because its authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, 
equivalence decision or approval is suspended if, at the time of such suspension, the 
continued provision and use of the Relevant Benchmark is permitted in respect of the 
Notes under the applicable law or regulation during the period of such suspension; 
(b) 
a "Rejection Event", being the relevant competent authority or other relevant official 
body rejects or refuses any application for authorisation, registration, recognition, 
endorsement, an equivalence decision, approval or inclusion in any official register which, 
in each case, is required in relation to the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark under any applicable law or regulation for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the Notes; or

--- Page 58 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 56 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(c) 
a "Suspension/Withdrawal Event", being any of the following: 
(i) 
the relevant competent authority or other relevant official body suspends or 
withdraws any authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence 
decision or approval in relation to the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator 
or sponsor of the Relevant Benchmark which is required under any applicable law 
or regulation in order for the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to perform its or their 
respective obligations in respect of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) 
the Relevant Benchmark or the administrator or sponsor of the Relevant 
Benchmark is removed from any official register where inclusion in such register 
is required under any applicable law or regulation in order for the Issuer or the 
Calculation Agent to perform its or their respective obligations in respect of the 
Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a Suspension/Withdrawal Event shall not occur if such 
authorisation, registration, recognition, endorsement, equivalence decision or approval is 
suspended or where inclusion in any official register is withdrawn if, at the time of such 
suspension or withdrawal, the continued provision and use of the Relevant Benchmark is 
permitted in respect of the Notes under the applicable law or regulation during the period 
of such suspension or withdrawal. 
"Benchmark Rate" means each interest rate set out in Part 2 of the Rate Option Annex. 
"Broken Amount" means the amount specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Business Centre" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Business Day" means (other than in respect of Notes for which the Reference Rate is specified as 
SOFR in the relevant Final Terms): 
(a) 
in the case of a currency other than euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre for such currency; and/or 
(b) 
in the case of euro, a day on which the TARGET2 system is operating (a "TARGET 
Business Day"); and/or 
(c) 
in the case of a currency and/or one or more Business Centres, a day (other than a Saturday 
or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
and are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in such currency in the Business Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, 
generally in each of the Business Centres. 
"Business Day Convention" means one of the conventions mentioned in Condition 4.2(b) (Interest 
on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day Convention) for 
adjusting any relevant date if it would otherwise fall on a day that is not a Business Day as specified 
in the Final Terms. 
"Calculation Agent" means ICBC Standard Bank Plc or any other person specified as such in the 
Final Terms. 
"Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate" means, if specified as the Settlement 
Rate Option in the Final Terms, or deemed to be applicable under these Conditions, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the Settlement Rate (or a method of determining the Settlement Rate), taking 
into consideration all available information that in good faith it deems relevant. 
"Calculation Amount" means a nominal amount of the Notes equal to the Specified Denomination 
or, if a different amount is specified in the Final Terms, such amount, in each case subject to 
reduction in respect of any Instalment Date in accordance with Condition 5.1(a).

--- Page 59 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 57 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Coupon(s)" means the interest coupons relating to interest bearing Notes in bearer form. 
"Couponholder(s)" means the holder of any Coupons and any Talons relating to such Coupons. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note 
for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting an Interest Period or Interest Accrual Period, the "Calculation 
Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual-ISDA" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(c) 
if "Actual/360" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(d) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(e) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls;

--- Page 60 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 58 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(f) 
if "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Day Count Fraction: 









360
30
360
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
Y
Y







 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will 
be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(g) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
(A) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (x) the actual number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the actual number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(B) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Determination Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number 
of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(y) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of

--- Page 61 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 59 -
70-41019079 
 
 
days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Periods normally ending in any year, 
where: 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date in 
any year to but excluding the next Determination Date; and 
"Determination Date" means the date(s) specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date(s); 
(h) 
if "Actual/364" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 364; and 
(i) 
if "Actual/252" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 252. 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union that adopt the 
single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended. 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" means the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Note(s)" means any Note in respect of which the "Fixed Rate Note Provisions" are 
specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Business Day Convention" shall have the meaning set out in Condition 4.2(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day Convention). 
"Floating Rate Note(s)" means any Note in respect of which the "Floating Rate Note Provisions" 
are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Following Business Day Convention" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 4.2(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day Convention). 
"holder" means, in relation to a Note, Coupon or Talon, the bearer of any Bearer Note, Coupon or 
Talon or, in relation to a Registered Note, the person in whose name the Registered Note is 
registered. 
"Index Cessation Event" means, in respect of any Notes and a Relevant Benchmark, the 
occurrence or existence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, of one or more of the following 
events: 
(a) 
the bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or the institution of analogous proceedings to any 
of the foregoing (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of the administrator of the 
Relevant Benchmark provided that, at that time, there is no successor administrator that 
will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(b) 
the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark has ceased or will cease to provide the 
Relevant Benchmark permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at that time, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue to provide the Relevant Benchmark; 
(c) 
the Relevant Benchmark has been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued;  
(d) 
an announcement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark 
announcing that the Relevant Benchmark may no longer be used; or 
(e) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Relevant Benchmark that, 
in the view of such supervisor, such Relevant Benchmark is no longer representative of an 
underlying market.

--- Page 62 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 60 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Instalment Amount" in respect of a Note of a Series, shall have the meaning specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each 
successive period beginning on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but 
excluding) the next succeeding Interest Period Date. 
"Interest Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of an Interest Accrual Period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation 
Amount for that Interest Accrual Period determined in accordance with this Condition 4 
and which, in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, if the same is specified in the Final Terms, 
shall mean the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount specified in the Final Terms as 
being payable on the Interest Payment Date ending the Interest Period of which such 
Interest Accrual Period forms part; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any other period, the amount of interest payable per Calculation Amount for 
that period determined in accordance with this Condition 4. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual 
Period, the date specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the first day of 
such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling or (ii) the day falling two 
Business Days in London for the Specified Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual 
Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling nor euro or (iii) the day falling two TARGET 
Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is 
euro. 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means each date specified in the relevant Final Terms each such date 
a "Specified Interest Payment Date". 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Interest Payment Date. 
"Interest Period Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms or, if no Interest Period Date 
is specified in the Final Terms, each Interest Payment Date. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes (including pursuant to the ISDA Benchmarks Supplement), 
as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issuer Discretion" means such rate as is selected by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maturity Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms unless a Specified 
Event and/or a Disruption Event has occurred in which case the provisions of the Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex or the Currency Annex shall apply, as applicable. 
"Maximum Aggregate Additional Deduction Amount" has the meaning given to it in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Interest Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Interest Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 63 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 61 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Minimum Rate of Interest" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 
4.2(b) (Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day 
Convention). 
"Noteholder" means the bearer of any Bearer Note, or the person in whose name a Registered 
Note is registered (as the case may be). 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 4.2(b) 
(Interest on Floating Rate Notes and Variable Linked Interest Notes – Business Day Convention). 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Note and 
that is either specified in the Final Terms or calculated in accordance with the provisions in these 
Conditions and the Final Terms. 
"Receipt(s)" means the receipts for the payment of instalments of principal relating to Notes in 
bearer form in respect of which the principal is payable in instalments. 
"Receiptholder(s)" means the holders of any Receipts. 
"Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Note, the amount payable by the Issuer upon 
redemption thereof in accordance with any of the provisions of Condition 5 (Redemption, Purchase 
Options and Physical Delivery). 
"Reference Banks" means, in the case of a determination of LIBOR, LIBID or LIMEAN the 
principal London office of four major banks in the London inter-bank market and, in the case of a 
determination of EURIBOR, the principal Euro-zone office of four major banks in the Euro-zone 
inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Calculation Agent. 
"Reference Dealer Poll" means the currency exchange rate determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the basis of firm quotations, for the sale of Reference Obligation Currency and purchase of 
Settlement Currency for a non-resident party, provided by three Reference Market Dealers (which 
may include the Calculation Agent or its affiliates), selected by the Calculation Agent, as purchaser 
of the Reference Obligation Currency and seller of Settlement Currency (where Settlement 
Currency is payable outside the country of the Reference Obligation Currency) in an amount 
corresponding to the amount of Reference Obligation Currency to be converted on the applicable 
Valuation Date. 
"Reference Market Dealer" means a major bank in the relevant money market. 
"Reference Obligation Currency" means the currency in which the Reference Obligation is 
denominated or such other currency as is specified in the Final Terms. 
"Relevant Benchmark" means, in respect of any Notes, a Floating Rate Option or any rate, level, 
value or other figure in respect of one or more Reference Assets utilised in order to determine the 
Rate of Interest, coupon, Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Instalment Amount, 
or any other amount payable or asset deliverable under the Notes, in each case, which is a 
"benchmark" for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") 
or Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation"). 
"Relevant Date" in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon means the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or 
refused) the date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the 
date seven days after that on which notice is duly given to the Noteholders that, upon further 
presentation of the Note (or relative Certificate) or Coupon being made in accordance with these 
Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such 
presentation. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular 
information service as may be specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 64 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 62 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Settlement Currency" means the currency specified in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Option Rate" means each rate set out in Part 1 of the Rate Option Annex. 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated. 
"Talons" means any talons for further Coupons. 
"TARGET2 System" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System or any successor thereto. 
"Variable Linked Interest Note(s)" means any Note in respect of which the "Variable Linked 
Interest Note Provisions" are specified to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
4.12 
Calculation Agent 
The Calculation Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligation to, or 
relationship of, agency or trust with the Noteholders, Receiptholders or Couponholders. The Issuer 
shall procure that there shall at all times be one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made 
for them in the Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding. The Issuer itself may act 
as Calculation Agent. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in respect of the Notes, 
references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each Calculation 
Agent performing its respective duties under these Conditions. If the Calculation Agent is unable 
or unwilling to act as such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for 
an Interest Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final 
Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, or make any 
determination, calculation or valuation required under or pursuant to these Conditions of the Notes, 
as the case may be, or to comply with any other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading 
bank or investment banking firm engaged in the inter-bank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap 
or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected with the calculation or 
determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting through its principal London office or 
any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such in its place. The Calculation Agent 
may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed as aforesaid. 
4.13 
Determinations by the Calculation Agent 
All determinations, calculations or valuations made by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding on all Noteholders. The Calculation Agent shall not be liable 
for any loss, liability, cost, claim, action, demand or expense (including without limitation any 
costs, charges and expenses paid or incurred in disputing or defending any of the foregoing) arising 
out of or in relation to or in connection with its appointment or the exercise of its functions in 
relation to any Notes, except as such may result from its own wilful default or bad faith or that of 
its officers or agents. Nothing contained herein shall prevent the Calculation Agent from dealing 
in any Notes or from entering into any related transactions, including without limitation, any swap 
or hedging transactions, with the Issuer or any Noteholder. 
5. 
Redemption, Purchase Options and Physical Delivery 
5.1 
Redemption by Instalments and Final Redemption 
(a) 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase Options and Physical Delivery), subject always to Condition 5.2 
(Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event) in the case of a Specified 
Event Linked Note, each Note that provides for payment of Instalment Amounts on Instalment 
Dates shall be partially redeemed on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. The outstanding principal amount and the Calculation 
Amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such Instalment 
Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the principal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused in which case such amount shall remain 
outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment Amount.

--- Page 65 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 63 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as provided in this Condition 5 
(Redemption, Purchase Options and Physical Delivery), subject always to Condition 5.2 
(Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event) in the case of a Specified 
Event Linked Note, each Note of a Series shall be finally redeemed on the Maturity Date at its 
Final Redemption Amount (or, in the case of a Note falling within paragraph (a) above, its final 
Instalment Amount) provided however that, (i) in the case of a Specified Event Linked Note, if 
a Specified Event has occurred on or prior to the Maturity Date, the Notes of such Series shall be 
redeemed as specified in Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a 
Specified Event), (ii) if a Disruption Event occurs, the provisions of the Currency Annex will apply, 
and (iii) if ‘Amortising Reference Obligation’ is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
then prior to being finally redeemed on the Maturity Date in accordance with this Condition 5.1(b), 
each Note of a Series shall be redeemed in part on each Instalment Date at the Instalment 
Redemption Amount corresponding to such Instalment Date. 
If a Note is redeemed in part on an Instalment Date pursuant to the immediately preceding 
paragraph, the outstanding nominal amount of such Note shall be reduced by an amount equal to 
the Instalment Date Reduction Amount in respect of such Instalment Date, and the Calculation 
Amount and principal amount in respect of such Note shall be reduced accordingly, for all purposes 
with effect from such Instalment Date, unless payment of the Instalment Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date 
relating to such Instalment Amount. All references herein to the "Aggregate Nominal Amount" of 
the Notes shall be construed accordingly. 
Payments of principal in respect of the Notes will be made in the Specified Currency, unless the 
Dual Currency Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms to be applicable in respect 
of payments of principal, in which case payments of principal in respect of the Notes will be made 
in the Settlement Currency in accordance with the provisions of Condition 4.4. 
(c) 
Unless one of the formulae set out below is specified to apply in the Final Terms, the Final 
Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be equal to 100 per cent. of such Calculation 
Amount. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event that the Final Terms specify 
that the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex applies and either an Event Determination Date occurs 
or "Cash Settlement at Maturity" is specified in the Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount 
shall be calculated in accordance with the relevant Annex. 
If any Minimum Redemption Amount or Maximum Redemption Amount is specified in the Final 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case 
may be. 
(i) 
Where "Redemption – Pass Through (Standard)" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Redemption Calculation Amount divided by the Relevant Portion and multiplied by the 
Pass Through Proportion (Redemption) 
(ii) 
Where "Redemption – Pass Through (FX)" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, 
the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be an amount determined by 
the Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Redemption Calculation Amount divided by Settlement Rate) divided by the Relevant 
Portion and multiplied by the Pass Through Proportion (Redemption) 
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the Final Redemption Amount in 
relation to the Notes, if any, shall be adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex. 
(iii) 
Where "Redemption – Currency" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and in 
respect of a Note where the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex is specified to apply, subject 
to no Event Determination Date having occurred, the Final Redemption Amount per 
Calculation Amount shall be an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the following formula:

--- Page 66 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 64 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Calculation Amount multiplied by FX Performance 
Where: 
"FX Performance" means FX Rate (0) divided by FX Rate (T) where: 
"FX Rate (0)" means the rate specified in the Final Terms; and 
"FX Rate (T)" means the Settlement Rate. 
(iv) 
Where "Redemption – FX Basket" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount calculated in accordance with these Conditions shall be subject to 
the following adjustment: 
Redemption Amount determined in accordance with the other provisions of these 
Conditions multiplied by the Currency Basket Performance 
Where: 
"Currency Basket Performance" means ∑
ி௫೔(଴)
ி௫೔(்)
௡
௜ୀଵ
× 𝑊௜ 
"Fxi(0)" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant exchange 
rate. 
"Fxi(T)" means the relevant exchange rate between the relevant currencies as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the Settlement Rate Option. 
"Wi" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant Reference 
Currency.  
Provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred in relation to one or more Reference 
Currencies (as specified in the Final Terms) (each such currency an "Affected Currency" 
and all other currencies the "Non-Affected Currencies"), the redemption amount 
adjustment specified in this Condition 5.1(d)(iv) shall be determined separately in respect 
of the Non-Affected Currencies taken together and the Affected Currencies taken together, 
subject to such adjustments in respect of the Affected Currencies as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine in its sole discretion in accordance with the Currency Annex (to the extent 
applicable). 
(v) 
Where "Redemption – Pass Through FX Option" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount shall be an amount equal 
to (I) the sum of (A) the aggregate principal amount of the notes; and (B) the product of 
the amount which the Issuer or the Calculation Agent determines would have been 
receivable by the Issuer or Hypothetical Broker Dealer on the settlement date under the 
Specified FX Option, if any (the "Option Cash Settlement Amount"), and the spot 
exchange rate between the currency of such Option Cash Settlement Amount and the 
Settlement Currency (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion); multiplied by (II) the Calculation Amount; and divided by (III) the aggregate 
principal amount of the Notes. 
"Specified FX Option" means the hypothetical European-style, automatically exercisable, 
cash settled option contract specified in the Final Terms, which would have been entered 
into by the Issuer or a Hypothetical Broker Dealer in connection with such Notes on the 
terms specified in the Final Terms, with a notional amount equal to the principal amount 
of the Notes and documented on the basis of the 1998 FX and Currency Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as supplemented 
from time to time and applicable at the time of issuance of the Notes).

--- Page 67 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 65 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(vi) 
Where "Redemption – Additional FX Exposure" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, the FX Exposure Amount will be added to (or in the case of a negative value, 
deducted from) any other Redemption Amount determined pursuant to these Conditions.  
(A) 
The FX Exposure Amount will be an amount per Calculation Amount calculated 
as follows: 
(1) 
where "FX Currency Performance" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, Additional FX Exposure Notional Amount multiplied by the 
Currency Performance; and 
(2) 
where "OTC Contract Performance" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the OTC Net Proceeds multiplied by the spot exchange rate 
between the currency of the OTC Net Proceeds and the Settlement 
Currency (as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute 
discretion on the Valuation Date) and the Calculation Amount and 
divided by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes, 
provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the FX Exposure Amount in 
relation to the Notes shall be adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex. 
(B) 
Notwithstanding the provisions above of this sub-paragraph (vi), where the 
Currency Performance or the Relevant OTC Exchange Rate at any time on any 
Trigger Reference Date is at or below the Additional FX Exposure Trigger, the 
Issuer may (in its sole discretion) by giving no less than two business days' 
irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the Final Terms, such period being the "Additional FX Exposure 
Trigger Notice Period"), elect to redeem the Notes on the redemption date 
specified in such notice at the "Early Redemption Amount" specified in the Final 
Terms, as adjusted for the FX Exposure Amount pursuant to sub-paragraph (C) 
below.   
(C) 
In the event that the Notes fall to be redeemed early pursuant to these Conditions, 
the FX Exposure Amount shall be the fair market value of the Currency 
Performance or the OTC Contract, as applicable, on such day as shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent and specified in the notice of redemption 
(which day shall not be less than two Business Days prior to the date specified for 
early redemption) adjusted downward to take account fully for all costs, losses or 
expenses incurred by the Issuer as a result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining 
or re-establishing any related hedge position, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable manner, provided that 
if a Disruption Event has occurred, the FX Exposure Amount in relation to the 
Notes shall also be adjusted in accordance with the Currency Annex. For such 
purposes, any positive "fair market value" of an OTC Contract may be reduced 
by the Issuer to reflect, proportionately, the percentage of amounts actually 
realised or received by the Issuer pursuant to such OTC Contract with respect to 
its early termination or unwind on or before the early redemption date (in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner).  
If the FX Exposure Amount is a positive value it shall be added to the redemption 
amount either determined pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified 
Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event), Condition 5.3 (Redemption for 
Taxation Reasons) or Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) (as 
applicable) or the "Early Redemption Amount" specified in the Final Terms, and 
if the FX Exposure Amount is a negative value it shall be subtracted from the 
redemption amount determined pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption of 
Specified Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event), Condition 5.3 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or Condition 5.5 (Redemption at the Option 
of the Issuer) or the abovementioned Early Redemption Amount specified in the 
Final Terms (as applicable).  Where a Specified Event has occurred and "Physical

--- Page 68 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 66 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Settlement" is specified as being applicable in respect of the relevant Notes, the  
Issuer may elect (in its sole discretion) to adjust the principal amount of the 
relevant asset or assets deliverable to the holders of the Notes on the relevant early 
redemption date to take account of the FX Exposure Amount, in lieu of any 
payment (or deduction) in cash. For the purposes of any such calculation or 
adjustment, the FX Exposure Amount shall (where applicable) be converted into 
the currency in which the redemption amount (or relevant asset or assets) are 
denominated at such rate as is determined by the Calculation Agent, acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner.  
Where: 
"Additional FX Exposure Notional Amount" means the notional amount specified in 
the Final Terms. 
"Additional FX Exposure Trigger" means the rate or percentage specified in the Final 
Terms. 
"Currency Performance" means Fxi(T) less Fxi(0). 
"Fxi(0)" has the meaning given to it in the Final Terms in respect of the relevant exchange 
rate. 
"Fxi(T)" means the relevant exchange rate between the relevant currencies as determined 
by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the Settlement Rate Option. 
"OTC Contract" means the forward transaction or futures contract specified in the Final 
Terms, entered into by the Issuer in connection with such Notes on their trade date, with 
a notional amount as specified in the Final Terms and documented on the basis of (i) the 
1998 FX and Currency Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (as supplemented from time to time and applicable at the time of issuance 
of the Notes) or (ii) the rules of the relevant exchange which are relevant to such forward 
transaction or futures contract. 
"OTC Net Proceeds" means, as applicable (i) with respect to any amount payable to the 
Issuer under an OTC Contract on the settlement date thereof, the net proceeds actually 
received by the Issuer on such settlement date from its counterparty thereto (following, for 
the avoidance of doubt, deduction of any taxes, charges or other costs and expenses 
incurred by the Issuer under or in connection with such OTC Contract, the "Transaction 
Costs") (which shall be a positive amount), or (ii) with respect to any amount payable by 
the Issuer under an OTC Contract on the settlement date thereof, the sum of such amount 
plus all related Transaction Costs (the result of which shall be a negative amount), in each 
case as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
"Relevant OTC Exchange Rate" means the exchange rate on the Trigger Reference Date 
between the relevant currencies to which the OTC Contract relates, calculated in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant OTC Contract. 
"Trigger Reference Date" shall mean any of the dates specified as such in the Final Terms. 
(vii) 
For the purposes of sub-paragraphs (i) to (vi) above, the following defined terms shall 
have the definitions set out below: 
"Instalment Calculation Amount" means, in respect of an Instalment Date, an amount 
determined by the Calculation Agent equal to the amount that a holder of the Specified 
Nominal Amount of the Reference Obligation would receive by way of a partial repayment 
of principal on the Reference Obligation in accordance with the terms and conditions 
thereof in respect of the day falling on such Instalment Date. Such amount shall be net of 
all taxes including withholding taxes (if any), duties, fees or commissions payable by a 
holder of the Reference Obligation.

--- Page 69 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 67 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Instalment Date" means each date specified as such in the Final Terms. 
"Instalment Date Reduction Amount" means, in respect of an Instalment Date and a 
Note, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and a commercially 
reasonable manner equal to (i) the outstanding nominal amount of such Note immediately 
prior to such Instalment Date, multiplied by (ii) the Instalment Date Reduction Portion in 
respect of such Instalment Date. 
"Instalment Date Reduction Portion" means, in respect of an Instalment Date and the 
Reference Obligation, an amount equal to (i) the aggregate principal amount of the 
Reference Obligation that is to be repaid on such Instalment Date in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the Reference Obligation, divided by (ii) the aggregate principal 
amount of the Reference Obligation outstanding immediately prior to such Instalment 
Date. 
"Instalment Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
where "Redemption – Pass Through (Standard)" is specified as applicable in 
the Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
Instalment Calculation Amount divided by the Relevant Portion 
(ii) 
where "Redemption – Pass Through (FX)" is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, an amount per Calculation Amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in accordance with the following formula: 
(Instalment Calculation Amount divided by the Settlement Rate) 
divided by the Relevant Portion 
provided that if a Disruption Event has occurred, the Instalment Redemption 
Amount in relation to the Notes, if any, shall be adjusted in accordance with the 
Currency Annex. 
"Pass Through Proportion (Redemption)" has the meaning given to it in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
"Redemption Calculation Amount" means the amount which the Issuer determines that 
a holder of the Specified Nominal Amount of the Reference Obligation would receive on 
the maturity date of the Reference Obligation. Such amount shall be net of all taxes 
including withholding taxes (if any), duties, fees or commissions payable by a holder of 
the Reference Obligation. 
"Relevant Portion" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(d)(v). 
"Settlement Rate" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(d)(v). 
"Settlement Rate Option" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(d)(v). 
"Specified Nominal Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.2(d)(v). 
(viii) 
Where "Redemption – CLN" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, subject to no 
Credit Event having occurred, the Final Redemption Amount per Calculation Amount 
shall be equal to 100 per cent. of such Calculation Amount. 
(d) 
Where "Hedging Disruption Amount" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer 
shall deduct from the Final Redemption Amount any cost, loss or expense that the Issuer 
determines it has incurred for any reason (including, but not limited to, broker default, non-
transferability, credit risk, market risk, liquidity risk, change in law, rule or regulation, or otherwise) 
in connection with any futures transaction that the Issuer has or may enter into in order to hedge 
its obligation to pay the Final Redemption Amount.

--- Page 70 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 68 -
70-41019079 
 
 
5.2 
Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event 
(a) 
Upon the occurrence of a Specified Event and the satisfaction of any conditions that may be 
specified in the relevant Annex as completed by the Final Terms, the Issuer may redeem all but 
not some only of the Notes in accordance with the Settlement Basis and the terms of such relevant 
Annex. 
(b) 
If the Notes are redeemed in accordance with this Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event 
Linked Notes following a Specified Event), upon redemption of each Note in accordance with the 
terms thereof the Issuer shall have discharged its obligations in respect of such Note and shall have 
no other liability or obligation whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(c) 
Each holder of Notes, Receipts or Coupons, by subscribing for or purchasing such Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons (if any), will be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of a Specified Event, the obligations of the Issuer to make payments 
in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (if any) may be limited to the amount 
payable or the value of the assets deliverable by the Issuer and the holder of the Notes, 
Receipts and Coupons (if any) shall have no further recourse to the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes, Receipts and Coupons (if any), respectively; 
(ii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing, any right of the holder of the Notes, Receipts and 
Coupons (if any) to claim payment of any amount exceeding the amount so payable or the 
value of the assets so deliverable shall be automatically extinguished; and 
(iii) 
the holder of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (if any) shall not be able to petition for the 
winding up of the Issuer as a consequence of the non-payment by the Issuer of any sum 
which but for this Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a 
Specified Event) would have been payable by the Issuer in respect of the Notes, Receipts 
and Coupons (if any). 
5.2A 
Redemption upon Contract Termination Event 
In the case of any Notes in respect of which "Redemption upon Contract Termination Event" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and the relevant OTC Contract has been cancelled, 
terminated and/or settled prior to its scheduled settlement date, the Issuer, on giving not less than 
five business days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the Final Terms), may redeem, all or, if so provided in the Final Terms, some of the 
Notes at an amount calculated in accordance with Condition 5.1(c)(vi)(B) on the redemption date 
specified in such notice.   
5.3 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons 
(a) 
If the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, would be required 
by the laws and regulations of any jurisdiction or of any political sub-division thereof or any 
authority or agency therein or thereof having power to tax, to withhold or deduct amounts for or 
on account of tax in respect of payments under the Notes or would suffer tax in respect of its 
income so that it is not able to pay in full amounts due in respect of the Notes, then provided that 
no Specified Event has occurred the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such circumstance to the 
Noteholders. In such event (and provided that no Specified Event has occurred) the Issuer may, 
but shall not be obliged to, on giving not more than 30 nor less 15 days' notice to the Noteholders, 
and upon expiry of such notice, redeem all but not some only of the Notes at the Early Redemption 
Amount less, in the case of any Instalment Note, the aggregate of all Instalment Amounts that shall 
have become due and payable in respect of such Notes prior to the date fixed for redemption under 
any other Condition (which amount, if and to the extent not then paid, shall remain due and 
payable), together with any interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. The provisions of this 
Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) are without prejudice to those of Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
(b) 
The Issuer may, at its option, redeem some or all of the Notes (on giving not less than 15 or more 
than 30 days' irrevocable notice to holders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms)) in the event that the Issuer determines in good faith that it has suffered, or

--- Page 71 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 69 -
70-41019079 
 
 
there is a substantial likelihood that it will suffer, a deduction or withholding in respect of a 
payment made to it, as a result of the Issuer's inability to comply with the reporting requirements 
imposed by the FATCA, provided that (1) such inability to comply with the reporting 
requirements is attributable to non-compliance by any holder of such Notes (or a foreign 
withholding agent (if any) in the chain of custody of payments made to the holders) with the Issuer's 
requests for certifications or identifying information and (2) (in the reasonable determination of 
the Issuer) compliance with the reporting requirements would (or there is a substantial likelihood 
that it would) preclude such deduction or withholding (such event, a "Tax Termination Event"). 
Upon a Tax Termination Event, Notes held by compliant holders, in addition to those held by non-
compliant holders, may be redeemed or terminated. In the event of an early redemption of the 
Notes following a Tax Termination Event, the Issuer will cause to be paid to each such holder in 
respect of each such Note held by it the Early Redemption Amount. 
5.4 
Early Redemption Amount 
(a) 
Zero Coupon Notes 
(i) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the Early 
Redemption Amount of which is not linked to a variable and/or a formula, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or 
upon it becoming due and payable in accordance with Condition 10 (Events of Default), 
shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Note. 
(ii) 
Subject to the provisions of paragraph (iii) below, the Amortised Face Amount of any such 
Note shall be the Maturity Redemption Amount of such Note discounted at a rate per 
annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is 
shown in the Final Terms, shall be such rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount 
equal to the issue price of the Note if it were discounted back to its issue price on the Issue 
Date) compounded annually. 
(iii) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its redemption 
pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation Reasons) or upon it becoming due 
and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is not paid when due, the 
Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised 
Face Amount of such Note as defined in paragraph (ii) above, except that such paragraph 
shall have effect as though the reference therein to the date on which the Note becomes 
due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the Amortised Face Amount 
in accordance with this paragraph shall continue to be made (both before and after 
judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after the Maturity 
Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the Maturity Redemption Amount 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 4.3 (Zero Coupon 
Notes). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in (a) 
above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 5.3 (Redemption for Taxation 
Reasons), shall be the amount specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if no amount is so 
specified, the Final Redemption Amount, (or, if 'Amortising Reference Obligation' is specified as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the aggregate of the Final Redemption Amount and all 
Instalment Redemption Amounts falling after the date fixed for early redemption) for the purposes 
of which the Valuation Date (if applicable) shall be deemed to be the date falling 5 Business Days 
prior to the date fixed for early redemption. 
5.5 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
If "Call Option" is specified to apply in the Final Terms then, provided no Specified Event has 
occurred, the Issuer may, on giving not less than five days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders

--- Page 72 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 70 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(or such other notice period as may be specified in the Final Terms), redeem, all or, if so provided 
in the Final Terms, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption of 
Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date 
fixed for redemption. Any such redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount 
at least equal to the minimum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms and no 
greater than the maximum nominal amount to be redeemed specified in the Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 5.5. 
In the case of a partial redemption the notice to Noteholders shall also contain the certificate 
numbers of the Bearer Notes, or in the case of Registered Notes shall specify the nominal amount 
of Registered Notes drawn and the holder(s) of such Registered Notes to be redeemed, which shall 
have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be fair and reasonable in the 
circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject to compliance with any 
applicable laws and stock exchange or other relevant authority requirements. So long as the Notes 
are listed on any stock exchange and the rules of the relevant stock exchange or other relevant 
authority so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in which there has been a partial redemption 
of the Notes, cause to be published in a leading newspaper of general circulation as specified by 
such stock exchange or other relevant authority a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount 
of Notes outstanding and a list of the Notes drawn for redemption but not surrendered. 
5.6 
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
If "Put Option" is specified to apply in the Final Terms, provided that no Specified Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note, upon the holder of such Note 
giving not less than fifteen business days' notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may 
be specified in the Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its 
Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option the holder must deposit (in the case of Bearer Notes) such Note (together 
with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons) or (in the case of Registered 
Notes) or the Certificate representing such Note(s) with the Issuer at its Specified Office, together 
with a duly completed option exercise notice ("Exercise Notice") in the form set out in the 
Schedule to the Deed of Covenant, copies of which are obtainable from the Specified Office of the 
Issuer within the notice period. No Note or Certificate so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
In the event of an early redemption of Notes pursuant to this Condition 5.6 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders), the Optional Redemption Amount may be less than the principal amount 
of the Notes being redeemed. 
5.7 
Partly Paid Notes 
Partly Paid Notes will be redeemed, whether at maturity, early redemption or otherwise, in 
accordance with the provisions specified in the applicable Pricing Supplement,  Partly Paid Notes 
will be issued as Exempt Notes only. 
5.8 
Purchases 
The Issuer and any of its subsidiaries may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or 
otherwise and at any price provided that all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and unexchanged 
Talons relating thereto are attached thereto or surrendered therewith. Any Notes so purchased may 
be held by the Issuer or may be surrendered for cancellation. 
5.9 
Cancellation 
All Notes purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries may be surrendered for 
cancellation, in the case of Bearer Notes, by surrendering each such Note together with all 
unmatured Coupons, Receipts and all unexchanged Talons to the Issuer and, in the case of 
Registered Notes, by surrendering the Certificate representing such Notes to the Registrar and, in 
each case, if so surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, be cancelled

--- Page 73 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 71 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(together with all unmatured Coupons, Receipts and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or 
surrendered therewith). Any Notes so surrendered for cancellation may not be reissued or resold 
and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be discharged. 
5.10 
Redemption – General 
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may redeem Notes of any Series at such time and at such 
price as agreed between the Issuer and the Noteholders or as specified in the applicable Series 
Prospectus. 
5.11 
Definitions 
In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall have 
the meanings set out below: 
"Aggregate Nominal Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, subject to 
reduction in respect of any Instalment Date in accordance with Condition 5.1(a). 
"Amortised Face Amount" is determined in accordance with Condition 5.4(a)(ii) (Early 
Redemption – Zero Coupon Notes). 
"Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate" has the meaning given to it in Condition 
4.11. 
"Cash Settlement" means, upon the occurrence of a Specified Event, a redemption of the Notes 
by payment of a cash amount specified in, or calculated pursuant to, the Credit Linked Derivatives 
Annex. 
"Clearance System" means each of Clearstream Banking S.A., Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator 
of the Euroclear system and the Depository Trust Company ("DTC"). 
"Credit Linked Derivatives Annex" means, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex annexed to these Conditions. 
"Credit Event" shall, if applicable, have the meaning specified in the Credit Linked Derivatives 
Annex. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, the amount calculated in accordance with Condition 
5.4(a); or 
(ii) 
in respect of any Note that is not a Zero Coupon Note, the amount calculated in accordance 
with Condition 5.4(b). 
The Final Terms shall specify whether the Early Redemption Amount shall be subject to the FX 
Break Costs adjustment pursuant to the Currency Annex. 
"FATCA" means the U.S. tax legislation enacted on 18 March 2010 as Section 501 of the Hiring 
Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 2010. 
"Final Redemption Amount" has the meaning given to it in Condition 5.1. 
"Issuer Discretion" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.10. 
"Maturity Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Note, its principal amount or as 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" means the amount specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 74 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 72 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Optional Redemption Amount" means: 
(a) 
the amount specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
if no amount is specified in the Final Terms, an amount equal to (x) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount, multiplied by (y) the percentage specified as the Early Redemption Percentage in the 
Final Terms (or if no such amount is specified, 100 per cent.). 
The Final Terms shall specify whether the Optional Redemption Amount shall be subject to the 
FX Break Costs adjustments pursuant to the Currency Annex. 
"Optional Redemption Date" means each date specified in the Final Terms. 
"Physical Settlement" means, upon the occurrence of a Specified Event, a redemption of the Notes 
by delivery to the Noteholder of an asset or assets specified in the Final Terms. 
"Reference Dealer Poll" has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.10. 
"Reference Obligation" means each obligation specified as such in the Final Terms or any 
Substitute Reference Obligation (as defined in the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex). 
"Reference Obligation Currency" means the currency in which the Reference Obligation is 
denominated, or such other currency as is specified in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Basis" means, upon the occurrence of a Specified Event, the basis (being either 
Auction Settlement, Cash Settlement, Physical Settlement or Settlement Method at Issuer Option) 
upon which the Issuer may redeem the Notes as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Settlement Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if such day is not a day 
on which the Clearance system is open for business, the next following day that is. 
"Settlement Disruption Event" means an event beyond the control of the Issuer and the relevant 
Noteholder as a result of which the Clearance System cannot clear transfers of the Securities 
comprising the Securities Entitlement of such Noteholder. 
"Specified Event" means, in respect of a Specified Event Linked Note, either a Credit Event or a 
Disruption Event, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Event Linked Notes" means Notes of a Series which permit the Issuer to redeem the 
Notes upon the occurrence of a Specified Event, as specified in the Final Terms. 
"Specified Nominal Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, provided 
that if ‘Amortising Reference Obligation’ is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
and, at any time, the Reference Obligation has been redeemed in part pursuant to any of the terms 
and conditions thereof that provide for the redemption of the Reference Obligation in instalments, 
then the Specified Nominal Amount in respect of such time means the amount specified as such in 
the Final Terms as adjusted to take account of such redemption in part, as determined by the Issuer 
in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Specified Office" means in respect of the Issuer, 20 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7JE. 
6. 
Payments 
6.1 
Bearer Notes 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Bearer Notes shall, subject as mentioned below, be 
made against presentation and surrender of the relevant Receipts (in the case of payments of 
Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and provided that the Receipt is 
presented for payment together with its relative Note), Notes (in the case of all other payments of 
principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 6.6(f) (Unmatured Coupons and 
Receipts and Unexchanged Talons)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in 
Condition 6.6(f) (Unmatured Coupons and Unexchanged Talons)), as the case may be, at any 
Specified Office of the Issuer outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant currency

--- Page 75 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 73 -
70-41019079 
 
 
drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank. "Bank" means a bank in the principal financial centre for such currency or in the case 
of euro in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET2 System. 
6.2 
Registered Notes 
(a) 
Payments of principal (which for the purposes of this Condition 6.2 shall include the final 
Instalment Amount but not other Instalment Amounts) in respect of Registered Notes shall be made 
against presentation and surrender of the relevant Certificates at the Specified Office of the Issuer 
and in the manner provided in paragraph (b) below. 
(b) 
Interest (which for the purpose of this Condition 6.2 shall include all Instalment Amounts other 
than final Instalment Amounts) on Registered Notes shall be paid to the person shown on the 
Register at the close of business on the fifteenth day before the due date for payment thereof. 
Payments of interest on each Registered Note shall be made in the relevant currency by cheque 
drawn on a Bank and mailed to the holder (or to the first named of joint holders) of such Note at 
its address appearing in the Register. Upon application by the holder to the Specified Office of the 
Issuer before the Record Date such payment of interest may be made by transfer to an account in 
the relevant currency maintained by the payee with a Bank. 
(c) 
If the amount of principal or interest which is due on any Registered Note is not paid in full 
otherwise than by reason of the operation of Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked 
Notes following a Specified Event) in the case of Specified Event Linked Notes, the Registrar will 
annotate the Register with a record of the amount of principal or interest, if any, in fact paid on 
such Registered Notes. 
6.3 
Payments in the United States 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Bearer Notes are denominated in U.S. dollars, payments in 
respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any paying agent in New York City in the 
same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed paying agents with specified offices 
outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such paying agents would be able to 
make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the manner provided above when due, (ii) payment 
in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls 
or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such amounts and (iii) such payment is then 
permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion of the Issuer, any adverse tax 
consequence to the Issuer. 
6.4 
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986 or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders, Couponholders 
or Receiptholders in respect of such payments. 
6.5 
Appointment of Agents 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint and/or remove paying agents, or to act itself as 
paying agent. In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a paying agent in New York City in 
respect of any Bearer Notes denominated in U.S. dollars in the circumstances described in 
Condition 6.3 (Payments in the United States) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 76 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 74 -
70-41019079 
 
 
6.6 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and Unexchanged Talons 
(a) 
Upon the due date for final redemption of Bearer Notes which comprise Fixed Rate Notes (other 
than Dual Currency Notes or Variable Linked Notes) surrendered for payment otherwise than as a 
result of redemption pursuant to Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes 
following a Specified Event), such Notes should be surrendered for payment together with all 
unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to the face value of 
each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, that proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of principal so paid bears to the 
total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption Amount, Early Redemption 
Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so 
deducted shall be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon 
within a period of ten years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or 
not such Coupon has become void pursuant to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
(b) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note comprising a Floating Rate Note, Dual 
Currency Note or Variable Linked Note or upon redemption of any Bearer Note pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following a Specified Event), 
unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no 
payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(c) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note 
(whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
(d) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note that is redeemable in instalments, all Receipts 
relating to such Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after such due date (whether or not 
attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(e) 
Where any Bearer Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become void upon 
the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any unexchanged Talon 
relating to it, redemption shall be made against the provision of such indemnity as the Issuer may 
require. 
(f) 
If the due date for redemption of any Note is not a due date for payment of interest, interest accrued 
from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest Commencement Date, as the 
case may be, shall, subject to Condition 5.2 (Redemption of Specified Event Linked Notes following 
a Specified Event) in the case of Specified Event Linked Notes, be payable only against 
presentation (and surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Bearer Note or Certificate representing 
it, as the case may be. Interest accrued on a Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date 
shall be payable on redemption of such Note against presentation of the relevant Note or Certificate 
representing it, as the case may be. 
6.7 
Talons 
On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Bearer Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the Specified Office of the Issuer in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant 
to Condition 9 (Prescription)). 
6.8 
Non-Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of any Bearer Note, Receipt or Coupon (or principal on a 
Registered Note in the circumstance of Condition 6.2(a) above) is not a business day, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day nor to any interest or other 
sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "business day" means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for business (including dealings in foreign exchange currency deposits); 
(a) 
in the relevant place of presentation; and

--- Page 77 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 75 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
 in each jurisdiction specified as a "Financial Centre" in the Final Terms; and 
(c) 
(i)  
(in the case of a payment in a currency other than euro) where payment is to be made by  
transfer to an account maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, in the principal financial 
centre of the country of such currency (which, in the case of Australian dollars or New Zealand 
dollars, shall be Sydney or Auckland, respectively); or 
(ii)   
(in the case of a payment in euro) which is a TARGET Business Day. 
6.9 
Additional  Deduction Amount  
If Additional Deduction Amount is specified as applicable in relevant the Final Terms, any 
amounts payable to a holder (whether of interest or principal or any other amount falling due in 
accordance with these Conditions) may be reduced by an amount determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion acting in good faith and a commercially reasonable manner (including, but not 
limited to, amounts in respect of taxes, duties, expenses, fees and commissions) provided that the 
aggregate of all amounts deducted pursuant to this Condition 6.9 shall not exceed the Maximum 
Aggregate Additional Deduction Amount. 
7. 
Taxation 
All payments made by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made subject to any withholding or 
deduction for any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature which 
may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. The Issuer shall not be liable as a result 
for, or otherwise obliged to pay, any additional amount to any of the Noteholders, Couponholders, 
or Receiptholders in respect of, or compensation for, any such withholding or deduction or any 
other amounts withheld or deducted pursuant to condition 6.4 above. 
8. 
ERISA 
(a) 
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as indebtedness without substantial 
equity features and not as an equity interest, each acquirer and subsequent transferee of such Notes 
will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such 
Notes (or an interest therein), that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) 
acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any 
Similar Law; or 
(B) 
its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will not 
result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction under Section 406 of 
ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or a violation of any Similar Law; 
(ii) 
if it is a Benefit Plan Investor: 
(A) 
none of the Transaction Parties has provided any investment recommendation or 
investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary, on which either the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to 
acquire such Notes (or an interest therein); 
(B) 
the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that 
term is defined in Section (21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's 
acquisition of such Notes (or an interest herein); and 
(C) 
the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the 
transaction; and 
(iii) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person without 
first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements.

--- Page 78 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 76 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as an equity interest, each acquirer and 
subsequent transferee of such Notes will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by 
its acquisition and holding of such Notes (or an interest therein), that: 
(i) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) acting on 
behalf of: 
(A) 
a Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(B) 
a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law, unless its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a 
violation of any Similar Law; and 
(ii) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person without 
first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, the following terms shall have the meanings set out below: 
"Benefit Plan Investor" means (i) a Plan or (ii) a person or entity whose underlying assets include, or are 
deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of a Plan's investment in the person or entity under the Plan 
Assets Regulation or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code;  
"Code" means the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended; 
"ERISA" means the U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended; 
"Plan" means any (i) "employee benefit plan" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that is subject 
to Title I of ERISA, such as any pension plan, profit-sharing plan, collective investment fund and separate 
account whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans; and (ii) "plan" within 
the meaning of Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code, including 
individual retirement accounts and "Keogh" plans;  
"Plan Fiduciary" means any fiduciary or other person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor, or 
who otherwise has discretion or control over the investment and management of "plan assets";  
"Similar Law" means a U.S. federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that contains one or 
more provisions that are substantially similar to the fiduciary responsibility and prohibited transaction 
provisions of Title I of ERISA, or Section 4975 of the Code;  
"Similar Plan" means a "Governmental Plan" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, a non-U.S. 
Plan described in Section 4(b)(4) of ERISA, a "Church Plan" within the meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA 
that has made no election under Section 410(d) of the Code or an employee benefit plan that is not a Benefit 
Plan Investor; and  
"Transaction Parties" means the Issuer, the Registrar, any paying agents appointed by the Issuer in respect 
of any Notes, any managers or initial purchasers in respect of any Notes and the Calculation Agent, or any 
of their respective affiliates (and the term "Transaction Party" shall be construed accordingly). 
8.2 
Forced Transfer 
If the Issuer determines at any time that any Noteholder has made or been deemed to have made 
an ERISA related representation that is false or misleading (a "Non-Permitted Holder"), the Issuer 
may direct the Noteholder to sell or transfer its Note to a person who is not a Non-Permitted Holder 
within 14 days following receipt of notice of the direction. If the Noteholder fails to sell or transfer 
its Note within such period, the Issuer may cause the Note to be sold to an acquirer selected by the 
Issuer that certifies to the Issuer that such acquirer is not a Non-Permitted Holder, on terms as the 
Issuer may choose, subject to the transfer restrictions set out herein (and in the Deed of Covenant), 
and, pending such transfer, no further payments will be made in respect of the Note. The Issuer 
may select an acquirer by any means determined by it in its sole discretion. The proceeds of the 
sale, net of any commissions, expenses and taxes due in connection with the sale shall be remitted 
to the selling Noteholder. The terms and conditions of any sale hereunder (including the sale price) 
shall be determined in the sole discretion of the Issuer, subject to the transfer restrictions set out

--- Page 79 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 77 -
70-41019079 
 
 
herein (and in the Deed of Covenant), and the Issuer shall not be liable to any person having an 
interest in the Note sold as a result of any sale or the exercise of such discretion. 
9. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for 
this purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten 
years (in the case of principal) or five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant 
Date in respect thereof. 
10. 
Events of Default 
Upon the occurrence of any of the following events in respect of the Notes of any relevant Series 
or any of them (each an "Event of Default") namely: 
(a) 
default is made for more than 14 days in the payment on the due date of any principal or interest 
due and payable in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series or any of them on the due date for 
payment thereof; or 
(b) 
a default is made in the performance or observance by the Issuer of any other obligation under or 
in respect of the Notes of the relevant Series and such default shall continue for 30 days after 
written notice requiring such default to be remedied shall have been given to the Issuer by any 
holder of Notes of the relevant Series; or 
(c) 
an administrator is appointed, a resolution is passed or an order of a court of competent jurisdiction 
is made that the Issuer be wound up or dissolved otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a consolidation, amalgamation, merger or reconstruction in which (i) a continuing corporation 
effectively assumes all obligations of the Issuer under the Notes of the relevant Series or (ii) the 
terms whereof have previously been approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
terms for meetings of Noteholders set forth in the Schedule to the Deed of Covenant, copies of 
which can be obtained from the Specified Office of the Issuer) of the holders of Notes of the 
relevant Series; or 
(d) 
the Issuer stops pursuant or (otherwise than for the purposes of such a consolidation, amalgamation, 
merger or reconstruction as is referred to in paragraph (c) above) ceases, or through an official 
action of its Board of Directors threatens to cease, to carry on business or is unable to pay its debts 
as and when they fall due (within the meaning of any applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law); or 
(e) 
a trustee, receiver, liquidator, provisional liquidator, administrator or similar official is appointed 
of the whole or substantial part of the assets or undertaking of the Issuer; or 
(f) 
proceedings shall have been initiated against the Issuer under any applicable bankruptcy or 
insolvency law and such proceedings shall not have been discharged or stayed within a period of 
60 days or the Issuer initiates or consents to such proceedings; 
then provided that no Specified Event has occurred, any holder of a Note of the relevant Series 
may, by written notice to the Issuer at its Specified Office, declare the Note held by the holder to 
be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and payable at the 
Maturity Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of repayment, 
without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind all of which the Issuer expressly 
waives notwithstanding anything contained in such Note to the contrary unless, prior thereto, all 
Events of Default in respect of Notes of the relevant Series shall have been cured. 
11. 
Meetings of Noteholders and Modifications 
11.1 
Modifications and Waivers 
The Issuer may from time to time modify and amend the Notes (including the Conditions) or the 
Deed of Covenant, in each case without the consent of the holders of the Notes or (if applicable) 
any holders of Coupons or Receipts in respect of the Notes in accordance with, respectively, this 
Condition 11.1 or the Deed of Covenant, in such manner as the Issuer deems necessary or desirable, 
if the modification or amendment:

--- Page 80 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 78 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(a) 
is of a formal, minor or technical nature; or 
(b) 
is made to cure a manifest or proven error; or 
(c) 
is made to cure any ambiguity; or is made to correct or supplement any defective provisions of the 
Notes or the Deed of Covenant (as applicable); or 
(d) 
will not materially and adversely affect the interests of the holders of the Notes or (if applicable) 
any holders of Coupons or Receipts in respect of the Notes. 
Any such modification or amendment shall take effect in accordance with its terms and shall be 
binding on the holders of the Notes or (if applicable) any holders of Coupons or Receipts in respect 
of the Notes, and shall be notified to the Holders in accordance with Condition 15 (Notices) as 
soon as practicable (but failure to give such notice, or non-receipt thereof, shall not affect the 
validity of such modification or amendment). 
11.2 
Modification and Waiver with holder consent 
(a) 
Majority Consent: Subject as provided in paragraphs (b) and (c) below (and in each case subject 
to the consent of the Issuer), in order to modify and amend the Deed of Covenant and the Notes 
(including the Conditions), or to waive past Issuer defaults, a resolution in writing signed by the 
holders of at least a majority in aggregate principal amount of the Notes at the time outstanding (in 
the case of Notes), or of such lesser percentage as may attend and vote at a meeting of holders of 
the Notes held in accordance with the Deed of Covenant shall be required. 
(b) 
Consent by Extraordinary Resolution: Any modification which will: 
(i) 
extend the stated maturity of the principal of or any instalment of interest on any 
such Note or extend the date for expiration, settlement or payment of any coupon 
in relation to such Security; 
(ii) 
reduce the principal amount, redemption price of, or settlement price of, or 
interest on (as applicable), any such Note; 
(iii) 
change the currency of payment of such Note or interest thereon; 
(iv) 
impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of any such payment on or 
with respect to any such Note; 
(v) 
reduce the percentage in aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding 
necessary to modify or amend the Deed of Covenant, or to waive any past default; 
or 
(vi) 
reduce the voting or quorum requirements or the percentage of aggregate 
principal amount, redemption price or settlement price of Notes outstanding 
required to take any other action authorised to be taken by the holders of a 
specified principal amount of Notes, 
may only be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
(c) 
Priority: The terms of this Condition 11.2 are subject to the terms of Condition 11.1 (Modifications 
and Waiver). 
11.3 
Meetings of Holders 
The terms for meetings of Noteholders set forth in the Schedule to the Deed of Covenant, copies 
of which can be obtained from the Specified Office of the Issuer, are incorporated in these 
Conditions and apply as if set out herein. 
Such terms contain provisions for convening meetings of the holders of Notes of any Series to 
consider any matter affecting their interest including, without limitation, the modification by 
Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in such terms) of these Conditions. An Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at any meeting of the holders of Notes of any Series will be binding on all

--- Page 81 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 79 -
70-41019079 
 
 
holders of Notes of such Series, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all holders 
of Coupons relating to Notes of such Series. 
12. 
Replacement of Notes, Certificates, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If a Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it 
may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange and other relevant 
authority regulations, at the Specified Office of the Issuer and of the Registrar (in the case of 
Certificates) or such other agent as may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the 
purpose and notice of whose designation is given to Noteholders, in each case on payment by the 
claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, 
security and indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed 
Note, Certificate, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case 
may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount 
payable by the Issuer in respect of such Notes, Certificates, Receipt, Coupons or further Coupons) 
and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Certificates, Receipt, 
Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders, Receiptholders or 
Couponholders create and issue further securities either having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the first payment of interest on them) and so 
that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the outstanding securities 
of any series (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at the time of 
their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other securities issued pursuant to this Condition 13 and forming a single series 
with the Notes. 
14. 
Substitution 
14.1 
The Issuer or any of its subsidiaries (as defined by Section 1159 of the Companies Act 2006) of 
which more than 90 per cent. of the shares carrying voting rights are directly or indirectly held by 
the Issuer (each a "Subsidiary") may, without the consent of the holders of Notes, assume liability 
as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and any Coupons (the "Substituted Debtor"), 
provided that: 
(a) 
a deed poll and such other documents (if any) shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor as may 
be necessary to give full effect to the substitution (the "Documents") and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour of 
each holder of Notes to be bound by these Conditions as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been 
named in the Notes as the Issuer; and 
(b) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation (i) that the Substituted Debtor has 
obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution, 
(ii) that the Substituted Debtor has obtained all necessary governmental and regulatory approvals 
and consents for the performance by the Substituted Debtor of its obligations under the Documents 
and that all such approvals and consents are in full force and effect and (iii) that the obligations 
assumed by the Substituted Debtor are valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms 
and enforceable by each holder of Notes. 
14.2 
Upon the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be named in the 
Notes as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer and the Notes shall thereupon be deemed to be 
amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall, in the case of the 
substitution of a Substituted Debtor as principal debtor, operate to release the Issuer or the previous 
substitute as aforesaid from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes. 
14.3 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Issuer for so long as any of the Notes 
remains outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by the holder 
of Notes in relation to the Notes or the Documents shall not have been fully adjudicated, settled or 
discharged. The Substituted Debtor shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every holder

--- Page 82 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 80 -
70-41019079 
 
 
of Notes to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the 
Documents. 
14.4 
Not later than 20 days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor together with 
the Issuer shall give notice thereof to the holders of Notes in accordance with this Condition 14. 
14.5 
At any time after a substitution pursuant to Condition 14.1 (Substitution), the Substituted Debtor 
may, without the consent of the holders of Notes, substitute the Issuer or any other Subsidiary as 
the principal debtor in respect of the Notes to undertake its obligations in respect of the Notes 
provided that all the provisions specified in Conditions 14.1, 14.2, 14.3 and 14.4 (Substitution) 
above shall apply, mutatis mutandis, and without limitation, references in this Condition to the 
Issuer shall, where the context so requires, be deemed to be or include references to any such 
Substituted Debtor. 
15. 
Notices 
Notices to the holders of Registered Notes shall be mailed to them at their respective addresses in 
the Register and deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a 
Saturday or a Sunday) after the date of mailing. Notices to the holders of Bearer Notes shall be 
valid if published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in London (which is expected to be 
the Financial Times) and so long as the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin and the rules of that 
Exchange so require, in a daily newspaper with general circulation in Ireland (which is expected 
to be the Irish Times). If in the opinion of the Issuer any such publication is not practicable, notice 
shall be validly given if published in another leading daily English Language newspaper with 
general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the date of the first 
publication as provided above. 
While the Notes are listed on Euronext Dublin, copies of all notices given in accordance with this 
Condition 15 shall be forwarded to the Companies Announcement Office of Euronext Dublin. 
Couponholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given 
to the holders of Bearer Notes to which the Coupons relate in accordance with this Condition 15. 
16. 
Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of the Notes under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
17. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
17.1 
Governing Law 
The Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons, (and any dispute, controversy, proceedings 
or claim of whatever nature (whether contractual, non-contractual or otherwise) arising out of or 
in any way relating to the Notes, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons or their formation) shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, English law. 
17.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons and accordingly any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
("Proceedings") shall be brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction 
of the courts of England and waives any objection to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of 
venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This 
submission is made for the benefit of each of the holders of the Notes or Coupons and shall not 
affect the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor 
shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in 
any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not).

--- Page 83 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 81 -
70-41019079 
 
 
CREDIT LINKED DERIVATIVES ANNEX 
Where specified as applicable in any Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes under the Programme, the 
provisions of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex shall apply to such Notes as if expressly set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
1. 
Amendment to the Conditions 
The following shall be inserted as Conditions 5.2A, 5.2B, 5.2C, 5.2D, 5.2E, 5.2F, 5.2G, 5.2H, 5.2I, 5.2J, 
5.2K and 5.2L (together, the "Additional Conditions"): 
5.2A 
Redemption 
(a) 
Redemption absent Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled and notwithstanding Condition 5.1 (Final 
Redemption): 
(I) 
if 'Amortising Reference Obligation' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms 
and the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied then, in respect of any Scheduled 
Instalment Date, the Issuer shall redeem each Note in part at the corresponding Instalment 
Redemption Amount (together with interest, if any, accrued to such Scheduled Instalment 
Date) on: 
(i) 
such Scheduled Instalment Date; or 
(ii) 
the Delayed Instalment Date, if the Calculation Agent determines a Potential 
Credit Event has occurred; and 
(II) 
if the Conditions to Settlement have not been satisfied, the Issuer shall redeem the Notes 
at the Final Redemption Amount of each Note (together with interest, if any, accrued to 
the Scheduled Termination Date) on: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Termination Date; or 
(ii) 
the Termination Date, if the Calculation Agent determines a Potential Credit 
Event has occurred, or 
(III) 
if "Cash Settlement at Maturity" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Final Redemption Amount will be equal to the Cash Settlement Amount determined in 
accordance with Condition 5.2F. 
(b) 
Redemption following Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement 
Unless previously redeemed, purchased and/or cancelled, upon satisfaction of the Conditions to 
Settlement or upon the occurrence of a Trigger Event, no further amounts in respect of interest or 
principal will become due or payable and interest will cease to accrue in respect of the Notes with 
effect from the immediately preceding Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) and the Issuer will instead redeem the Notes: 
(i) 
if Auction Settlement applies, in accordance with Condition 5.2E (Auction Settlement), 
unless a Fallback Settlement Event occurs, in which event the Issuer will instead redeem 
the Notes in accordance with the applicable Fallback Settlement Method; 
(ii) 
if Cash Settlement applies, in accordance with Condition 5.2F (Cash Settlement); or 
(iii) 
if Physical Settlement applies, in accordance with Condition 5.2G (Physical Settlement). 
Upon discharge by the Issuer of such payment or delivery obligation on or by the relevant 
Settlement Date (or, if the Auction Settlement Amount or Cash Settlement Amount is zero, upon 
the occurrence of the Auction Settlement Date or Cash Settlement Date), or otherwise as provided 
herein, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the Notes shall be discharged.

--- Page 84 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 82 -
70-41019079 
 
 
5.2B 
Suspension of the Issuer's Payment Obligations in relation to a Potential Credit Event or a 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
(a) 
Potential Credit Events 
Where the Calculation Agent determines that a Potential Credit Event (including without 
limitation, a Potential Failure to Pay or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium) has occurred on or prior 
to the Scheduled Termination Date (or in the case of paragraph (d) of the definition of Potential 
Credit Event, on or prior to the last day of the Notice Delivery Period), no further payments shall 
become due hereunder (whether of principal or interest) unless the Calculation Agent determines 
that such Potential Credit Event is cured (a "Cure Event" or that the Conditions to Settlement have 
not been satisfied in accordance with Condition 5.2C (Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement) in 
which event any amounts which would have already fallen due but for this clause 5.2B(a) shall 
become payable (without any additional interest thereon) on or prior to the second Local Business 
Day after the date of such Cure Event and all other amounts shall remain payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes. 
The Calculation Agent may give a Potential Credit Event Notice at any time specified in the 
definition of "Potential Credit Event Notice" (including after the occurrence of a Potential Credit 
Event) but failure to give a Potential Credit Event Notice shall not render invalid the determination 
of the Calculation Agent that a Potential Credit Event has occurred. 
(b) 
Settlement Suspension following Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
If, at any time after the delivery of a Credit Event Notice and, if applicable, a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information but prior to the Cash Settlement Date or Physical Settlement Date, a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee is requested to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred or the date of occurrence of such Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity in 
respect of which such Credit Event Notice has been served, the Issuer may elect (in its sole 
discretion) to suspend settlement of the Notes and if so, the timing requirements of Condition 5.2D 
(Auction or Cash or Physical Settlement at the Issuer's Option), Condition 5.2G(a) (Delivery of 
Notice of Physical Settlement), Condition 5.2G(b) (Delivery on the Physical Settlement Date), 
Condition 5.2G(c) (Partial Cash Settlement following Extended Physical Settlement Date), the 
Cash Settlement Date, the Valuation Date, the Physical Settlement Period, the Physical Settlement 
Date, the Notice of Physical Settlement, the Extension Date, the Notice Delivery Period, as 
applicable, and any other provision in this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex that pertains to 
valuation or settlement, and any obligation of the Issuer to redeem any Note (including pursuant 
to Condition 5.2A (Redemption)) or pay any amount of interest which would otherwise be due 
thereon, shall, in each case insofar as they relate to the relevant Reference Entity, be and remain 
suspended until: 
(i) 
a DC Credit Event Announcement or a DC No Credit Event Announcement has occurred; 
or 
(ii) 
the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to determine whether 
a Credit Event has occurred or the date of occurrence of such Credit Event, 
after which such suspension shall terminate and any obligations so suspended shall resume on the 
Business Day following public announcement by ISDA of (i) or (ii) above, with the Issuer having 
the benefit of the full day notwithstanding when the suspension began. 
Any amount of interest so suspended shall, subject always to Condition 5.2A (Redemption), 
become due on the date designated by the Calculation Agent, in its sole discretion but not later 
than 15 Business Days following such public announcement by ISDA. 
During the period of any suspension of settlement as contemplated herein, the Issuer shall not be 
obliged to take any action in connection with the settlement of the Notes, (to the extent only that 
the Notes relate to the relevant Reference Entity) and no interest shall accrue on any payment of 
interest or principal which is deferred in accordance with this Condition 5.2B(b).

--- Page 85 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 83 -
70-41019079 
 
 
5.2C 
Satisfaction of the Conditions to Settlement. 
The "Conditions to Settlement" will be satisfied: 
(i) 
if, at any time during either: 
(A) 
the Notice Delivery Period; or 
(B) 
at the Issuer's option, the period (I) from, and including, the date on which ISDA 
publicly announces (1) that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred 
or the date of occurrence of such Credit Event or (2) the occurrence of a DC Credit 
Event Announcement (II) to, and including, the date that is 14 calendar days 
thereafter (provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date 
occurred on or prior to the end of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period 
(including prior to the Trade Date)), 
the Calculation Agent sends Noteholders a Credit Event Notice and (if (1) Notice of 
Publicly Available Information is specified as a Condition to Settlement in the Final 
Terms, (2) where required by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, each Noteholder has 
provided to the Issuer a confidentiality undertaking in the form (if any) required by the 
Calculation Agent, and (3) no DC Credit Event Announcement has occurred) a Notice of 
Publicly Available Information; or 
(ii) 
if a DC Credit Event Announcement occurs (provided that the Issuer may in its sole 
discretion determine that any DC Credit Event Announcement does not fulfil the 
Conditions to Settlement for the purposes of any Notes). 
The Issuer will not be obliged to send such notices or to redeem the Notes following any 
occurrence or event which would otherwise permit it to do so. The date on which the 
Conditions to Settlement have been satisfied (or, at the Issuer's option in the case of a DC 
Credit Event Announcement, the Credit Event Resolution Request Date) is the "Event 
Determination Date". 
If, pursuant to the above, different Event Determination Dates have been determined with 
respect to different portions of the relevant Reference Entity Notional Amount or an Event 
Determination Date has been determined with respect to only a portion of the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount, the provisions of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex shall, 
with effect from each such Event Determination Date, be deemed to apply separately to 
an aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes equal to each such portion and all 
the provisions hereof shall be construed accordingly with such modifications as the 
Calculation Agent shall determine are required in order to preserve the economic effects 
of the Notes considered in aggregate. 
5.2D 
Auction or Cash or Physical Settlement at the Issuer's Option 
If the Final Terms specify that "Settlement Method at Issuer Option" is applicable, on or before 
the 30th calendar day (subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day 
Convention) after the Event Determination Date, the Calculation Agent shall notify the 
Noteholders whether the Notes will redeem in accordance with Condition 5.2E (Auction 
Settlement), Condition 5.2F (Cash Settlement) or Condition 5.2G (Physical Settlement) (in each 
case, if specified as applicable for election in the Final Terms). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time after notification by the Calculation Agent that the 
Notes will redeem in accordance with Condition 5.2F (Cash Settlement) or Condition 5.2G 
(Physical Settlement) but prior to the Cash Settlement Date or Physical Settlement Date, a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee is requested to determine whether a Credit Event has 
occurred or the date of occurrence of such Credit Event with respect to the Reference Entity in 
respect of which a Credit Event Notice has been served, the Calculation Agent may, at the Issuer's 
option, notify the Noteholders at any time that such notification is revoked and the Notes will 
instead redeem in accordance with Condition 5.2E (Auction Settlement).

--- Page 86 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 84 -
70-41019079 
 
 
If Auction Settlement applies and the Final Terms specify that "Fallback Settlement Method at 
Issuer Option" is applicable, on or before the 30th calendar day (subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Following Business Day Convention) after the Event Determination Date, the Calculation 
Agent shall notify the Noteholders whether the Fallback Settlement Method will be Cash 
Settlement or Physical Settlement. 
Such notification(s) may be substantially in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto, contained 
within the Credit Event Notice or Notice of Publicly Available Information or in such other form 
as the Issuer or the Calculation Agent may determine from time to time. 
5.2E 
Auction Settlement 
(a) 
Auction Settlement 
If Auction Settlement applies, on the Auction Settlement Date the Issuer shall redeem each Note, 
upon presentation and surrender of the same in accordance with Condition 6, by payment of the 
Auction Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
Auction Settlement Amount 
The "Auction Settlement Amount" in respect of each Note shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if no such amount is specified, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
greater of (a) zero and (b) the product of (I) the outstanding principal amount of such Note 
divided by the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes, (II) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity, and (III) the relevant 
Auction Final Price or, if so determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion, a Parallel 
Auction Final Price. 
In each case the Auction Settlement Amount shall be reduced by the value of the Break Costs. 
5.2F 
Cash Settlement 
(a) 
Cash Settlement 
If Cash Settlement applies, subject to Condition 5.2B(b) (Settlement Suspension following Credit 
Event Resolution Request Date), on the Cash Settlement Date the Issuer shall redeem each Note, 
upon presentation and surrender of the same in accordance with Condition 6 (Payments), by 
payment of the Cash Settlement Amount. 
(b) 
Cash Settlement Amount 
The "Cash Settlement Amount" in respect of each Note shall be: 
(i) 
the amount specified as such in the Final Terms; or, 
(ii) 
if no such amount is specified, an amount determined by the Calculation Agent to be the 
greater of (a) zero and (b) the product of (I) the outstanding principal amount of such Note 
divided by the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes, (II) the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount in respect of the relevant Reference Entity (or, as the case may 
be, the outstanding principal balance in respect of the relevant Valuation Obligation or 
Deliverable Obligation thereof), and (III) the relevant Final Price or, if the Calculation 
Agent selects more than one Valuation Obligation with respect to a Reference Entity, the 
relevant Weighted Average Final Price. 
In each case the Cash Settlement Amount shall be reduced by the value of the Break Costs.

--- Page 87 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 85 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(c) 
Final Price 
The "Final Price" shall be the Market Value of the relevant Valuation Obligations or Deliverable 
Obligations as determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the provisions below: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations with respect to the Valuation 
Date from three Dealers. If at least two such Full Quotations are not available on the 
Valuation Date, then on the next following Business Day (and, if necessary, on each 
Business Day thereafter until the fifth Business Day following the Valuation Date) the 
Calculation Agent shall attempt to obtain Full Quotations from three Dealers and, if at 
least two Full Quotations are not available, a Weighted Average Quotation; 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Agent is unable to obtain at least two Full Quotations or a Weighted 
Average Quotation on the same Business Day on or prior to the fifth Business Day 
following the applicable Valuation Date the Quotations shall be deemed to be zero; and 
(iii) 
the Market Value of the relevant Valuation Obligations or Deliverable Obligations shall 
be: (A) if at least two Full Quotations are obtained, the highest Full Quotation; (B) if only 
a Weighted Average Quotation is obtained, such Weighted Average Quotation; and (C) if 
the Quotations are deemed to be zero, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Market 
Value in good faith in its absolute discretion and this may result in the Market Value being 
zero. 
If the Conversion Date has occurred in respect of the Valuation Obligation, all references to the 
Final Price shall be replaced with the result, expressed as a percentage, obtained by dividing the 
product of: 
(A) 
the number of Underlying Shares deliverable in accordance with the terms of the 
Valuation Obligation in respect of the minimum liquidation preference or 
denomination of the Reference Obligation and 
(B) 
the Final Price for each Underlying Share, as determined in accordance with 
Section 5.9(b) of the ISDA 2002 equity derivative definitions on the basis that the 
Valuation Date will be the date so determined by the Calculation Agent, 
by 
the minimum liquidation preference or denomination of the Reference Obligation.  
"Conversion Date" means the date on which the Reference Obligation is required to be converted 
into Underlying Shares in accordance with its terms; 
"Underlying Share" means the shares into which the Reference Obligation is convertible, upon 
occurrence of the relevant conversion event specified in the terms of the Reference Obligation.   
5.2G 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Delivery of Notice of Physical Settlement 
If Physical Settlement applies, the Calculation Agent will use reasonable endeavours to deliver to 
the Noteholders a Notice of Physical Settlement on or before: 
(i) 
subject to paragraph (ii) below, the later of: 
(A) 
the 30th calendar day (subject to adjustment in accordance with the Following 
Business Day Convention) after the Event Determination Date, subject, where 
applicable, to Condition 5.2B(b) (Settlement Suspension following Credit Event 
Resolution Request Date); or 
(B) 
at the Issuer's option, the 10th calendar day after (I) the date on which ISDA 
publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee has Resolved not to determine whether a Credit Event has occurred

--- Page 88 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 86 -
70-41019079 
 
 
or the date of occurrence of such Credit Event or (II) the date of the relevant DC 
Credit Event Announcement, if any; or 
(ii) 
if so determined by the Issuer in its sole discretion, the (A) 30th calendar day after an 
Auction Cancellation Date or No Auction Announcement Date or (B) the Relevant City 
Business Day immediately following the later of the Parallel Auction Final Price 
Determination Date, if any (or, if more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction 
Final Price Determination Date), and the Parallel Auction Cancellation Date, if any (or, if 
more than one should occur, the last Parallel Auction Cancellation Date). 
For the purposes of determining whether a Notice of Physical Settlement has been delivered, the 
effective date of delivery of the first Notice of Physical Settlement (whether or not subsequently 
re-issued or changed) shall be used. 
(b) 
Delivery on the Physical Settlement Date 
If Physical Settlement applies, the Issuer shall use reasonable efforts, subject to Condition 5.2G(e) 
(Asset Transfer Notice), to Deliver to each Noteholder or to the Noteholder's order the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations. In the event that the Issuer, 
for any reason whatsoever (other than as a result of an event or circumstance contemplated in 
Condition 5.2G(g) (Partial Cash Settlement due to impossibility, impracticability or illegality)), 
does not affect Delivery of all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount 
of the Deliverable Obligations to any Noteholder by the Physical Settlement Date, such failure 
shall not constitute an Event of Default and the Issuer may continue to attempt such Delivery until 
the Extended Physical Settlement Date. 
(c) 
Partial Cash Settlement following Extended Physical Settlement Date 
If, as at the relevant Extended Physical Settlement Date, any such Deliverable Obligations have 
not been Delivered, then, subject to Condition 5.2G(e) (Asset Transfer Notice) and Condition 
5.2G(g) (Partial Cash Settlement due to impossibility, impracticability or illegality), Partial Cash 
Settlement shall apply with respect to such Deliverable Obligations and the Issuer shall pay to the 
relevant Noteholders an amount equal to the Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned 
pro rata amongst the relevant Noteholders on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
"Extended Physical Settlement Date" means such date as the Calculation Agent may determine 
in its absolute discretion, provided that such date falls no later than the 180th calendar day 
following the Physical Settlement Date or, in the absence of such determination, such 180th 
calendar day. 
(d) 
Delivery 
To "Deliver" the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations 
pursuant to Condition 5.2G (Physical Settlement) means to deliver, novate, transfer (including in 
the case of a Guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the Guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in 
the manner customary for the settlement of the applicable Deliverable Obligations, in order to 
convey all right, title (or, with respect to Deliverable Obligations where only equitable title is 
customarily conveyed, all equitable title) and interest in the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or any NOPS 
Amendment Notice, as applicable, to the Noteholder or its designated nominee free and clear of 
any and all liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (excluding any liens routinely imposed on all 
securities in a relevant clearance system, but including without limitation any counterclaim, 
defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) 
(inclusive) of the definition of "Credit Event" or right of set-off by or of the Reference Entity or 
as applicable an Underlying Obligor); provided that (A) if a Deliverable Obligation is a Direct 
Loan Participation, "Deliver" means to create (or procure the creation of) a participation in favour 
of the relevant Noteholder or its designated nominee and (B) if a Deliverable Obligation is a 
Guarantee, "Deliver" shall mean to Deliver both the Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation, 
provided further that if the Guarantee has a Fixed Cap, (X) "Deliver" means to Deliver the 
Underlying Obligation, the Guarantee and all claims to any amounts which are subject to such

--- Page 89 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 87 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Fixed Cap and (Y) those claims shall be deemed to be Deliverable Obligations. "Delivery" and 
"Delivered" shall be construed accordingly. 
In the case of a Loan, Delivery may, at the option of the Issuer, be effected by granting a 
participation in all or part of the Loan or such other arrangement or using documentation specified 
by the Calculation Agent for such purpose. Each Noteholder agrees to comply, for the purposes of 
the Notes, with the provisions of any such documentation. Each Noteholder is deemed to further 
agree, that compliance by the Issuer with the provisions of any such documentation shall, without 
further action, constitute, Delivery for the purposes of this definition (to the extent that such 
documentation contains provisions describing how Delivery should be effected) and no Noteholder 
shall be permitted to request that the Issuer take nor shall the Issuer be required to take, any action 
or make any payment in connection with such Delivery, as applicable. 
If Asset Package Delivery applies, (i) Delivery of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as 
applicable, may be satisfied by Delivery of the related Asset Package, and such Asset Package 
shall be treated as having the same currency, Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable 
Amount, as applicable, as the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond to which 
it corresponds had immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event, (ii) each Asset in the Asset 
Package shall be Delivered provided that if any such Asset is not a Bond, it shall be treated as if 
it were a Loan for these purposes, (iii) if the Asset Package is zero, the Outstanding Amount of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond shall be deemed to have been Delivered 
in full three Business Days following the date on which the Calculation Agent has notified the 
Noteholders of the detailed description of the Asset Package that the Issuer shall Deliver in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement, (iv) the Issuer may satisfy its obligation to make Delivery of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in part by Delivery of each Asset in the 
Asset Package in the correct proportion and (v) if the relevant Asset is a Non-Transferable 
Instrument or Non-Financial Instrument, the Asset shall be deemed to be an amount of cash equal 
to the Asset Market Value. 
(e) 
Asset Transfer Notice 
In order to obtain Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations each Noteholder must deliver to the Issuer or the Registrar (if different) 
within five Business Days of the date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or, if there 
is any NOPS Amendment Notice, the most recent NOPS Amendment Notice (the "Cut-Off Date"), 
a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice in accordance with Condition 5.2G(f) (Asset Transfer 
Notice Requirements) and, in the case of a holding of a Definitive Note or Registered Note, the 
Note (which expression shall, for the purposes of this Condition 5.2G(e), include Certificate(s), 
Receipts(s) and, if applicable, all unmatured Coupons and unmatured and unexchanged Talons, in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 6.6 (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
Unexchanged Talons)). In the event that the Note is represented by a Global Note, an Asset 
Transfer Notice must be delivered to the Issuer via the relevant Clearing System, by such method 
of delivery as the relevant Clearing System shall have approved. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, no transfers of the Notes specified therein which are 
represented by a Global Note will be effected by any relevant Clearing System and no transfers of 
Registered Notes specified therein will be effected by the Registrar. 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice and, in the case of Definitive Notes or 
Registered Notes, the Note to which such notice relates, the Issuer, any relevant Clearing System 
or the Registrar, as the case may be, shall verify that the person specified therein as the 
accountholder or registered holder, as the case may be, is the Holder of the Note referred to therein 
according to its books or the Register, as the case may be. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Note, the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations will be Delivered to the relevant Noteholder at the risk of 
such Noteholder. 
If the Asset Transfer Notice and (with respect to Definitive Notes and Registered Notes) the 
relevant Note are delivered to the Issuer later than close of business in London on the Cut-Off Date,

--- Page 90 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 88 -
70-41019079 
 
 
then the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations will be 
Delivered as soon as practicable after the date on which Delivery of the same would otherwise be 
made, at the risk of such Noteholder in the manner provided above. For the avoidance of doubt, 
such Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment or to other assets, whether in respect of 
interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Deliverable Obligations taking place after the date on which Delivery of the same 
would otherwise be made pursuant to the provisions of this Condition 5.2G (Physical Settlement) 
or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer. 
If any Noteholder fails to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in the manner set out herein or delivers 
an Asset Transfer Notice on any day falling after the day that is 180 calendar days after the date of 
delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement or, in the case of Definitive Notes or Registered 
Notes, fails to deliver the Note related thereto or fails to pay the Delivery Expenses as referred to 
in Condition 5.2G(i) (Costs and Expenses), the Issuer shall be discharged from its obligations in 
respect of such Note and shall have no further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
Until Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations is made to the relevant Noteholder, the Issuer or any person holding such assets on 
behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of those assets. None of the Issuer and any 
such other person shall (i) be under any obligation to deliver or procure delivery to such Noteholder 
or any subsequent transferee any letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or 
payment whatsoever received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such assets, (ii) be 
under any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of any or all rights (including voting rights) 
attaching or appertaining to such assets until the date of Delivery or (iii) be under any liability to 
such Noteholder or subsequent transferee for any loss, liability, damage, cost or expense that such 
Noteholder or subsequent transferee may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, 
of that person not being the legal owner of such assets until the date of Delivery. For the avoidance 
of doubt, each Noteholder further acknowledges and agrees that the terms of any Deliverable 
Obligation may be subject to amendment by the Issuer, the Calculation Agent or the parties thereto 
prior to Delivery or otherwise. 
(f) 
Asset Transfer Notice Requirements 
An Asset Transfer Notice is irrevocable and must: 
(i) 
specify the account details and name of the person to whom Delivery of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligation is to be made; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(iii) 
in the event such Notes are represented by a Global Note: 
(A) 
specify the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant Clearing System 
to be debited with such Notes; and 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing System to debit the 
relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on the due date for redemption of 
the Notes; 
(iv) 
in the event that such Notes are Registered Notes, irrevocably instruct and authorise the 
Registrar to effect the transfer of the relevant Notes; 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative or legal 
proceedings; 
(vi) 
authorise the Issuer to deduct from the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of 
the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in accordance with such notice, the Delivery 
Expenses as referred to in Condition 5.2G(i) (Costs and Expenses) below; and 
(vii) 
must be in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto with any amendments as determined 
by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent from time to time or in such other form made 
available by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent from time to time.

--- Page 91 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 89 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice and, in the case of Definitive 
Notes or Registered Notes, to deliver the relevant Note, may result in such notice being treated as 
null and void. Any determination as to whether such notice has been properly completed and 
delivered as provided in these Conditions shall be made by the Issuer in its sole and absolute 
discretion and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(g) 
Partial Cash Settlement due to impossibility, impracticability or illegality 
(i) 
If due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible, impracticable or illegal 
for the Issuer to Deliver, or due to an event beyond the control of any Noteholder or its 
designated nominee, it is impossible or illegal for such Noteholder to accept Delivery of, 
all or a portion of the Deliverable Amount of any of the Deliverable Obligations by the 
Physical Settlement Date (including, without limitation, failure of the relevant Clearing 
System or due to any law, regulation or court order, but not including market conditions 
or failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the Delivery of Loans) then by 
such date the Issuer or, as the case may be, the Noteholder shall provide a description in 
reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such impossibility, impracticability or illegality 
and the Issuer shall Deliver and such Noteholder or its designated nominee shall take 
Delivery of that portion (if any) of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of 
the Deliverable Obligations for which it is possible, practicable and legal to take Delivery. 
As soon as possible thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver and such Noteholder, its originally 
designated nominee or any new designated nominee shall take Delivery of the remaining 
portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations. 
(ii) 
If following the occurrence of any impossibility, impracticability or illegality referred to 
in (i) above, all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations is not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date, then Partial Cash Settlement pursuant to Condition 5.2G(g)(iii) shall be 
deemed to apply with respect to that portion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations that cannot be Delivered for the reasons specified above (and/or, together with 
any other Deliverable Obligation which have not been delivered under Condition 5.2G(c) 
(Partial Cash Settlement following Extended Physical Settlement Date), the 
"Undeliverable Obligations"). 
(iii) 
On the Partial Cash Settlement Date, the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Noteholders the 
Partial Cash Settlement Amount to be apportioned pro rata amongst the relevant 
Noteholders and upon discharge by the Issuer of such payment obligation on the Partial 
Cash Settlement Date, the Issuer's obligations in respect of the relevant Note shall be 
discharged. 
(h) 
Fractional Entitlement 
If the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations comprises 
less than a multiple of a whole number of the Deliverable Obligations at the relevant time, then (i) 
the Issuer shall not Deliver and the relevant Noteholder shall not be entitled to receive in respect 
of its Notes that fraction of an asset which is less than a whole number (the "Fractional 
Entitlement") and (ii) the Issuer shall pay to the relevant Noteholder a cash amount (to be paid at 
the same time as Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable 
Obligations) equal to the value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of such Fractional 
Entitlement. 
(i) 
Costs and expenses 
(i) 
The costs and expenses (the "Delivery Expenses") of effecting any delivery of the 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations (except for 
the expenses of delivery by uninsured regular mail (if any), which shall be borne by the 
Issuer) shall be borne by the Noteholder and shall at the option of each Noteholder as 
specified in the Asset Transfer Notice either be:

--- Page 92 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 90 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(A) 
paid to the Issuer by such Noteholder prior to the Delivery of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations (and, for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be required to Deliver any portion of the 
Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations to such Noteholder until it 
has received such payment); or 
(B) 
deducted by the Issuer from the amount which may be payable to such Noteholder, 
in accordance with Condition 5.2G(h) (Fractional Entitlement). 
(ii) 
If there is not a cash amount owing to a Noteholder sufficient to cover the Delivery 
Expenses, the Issuer may convert such amount of the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations into cash sufficient to cover the 
Delivery Expenses in respect of such Note from which the Issuer shall deduct such 
Delivery Expenses. Each Note will then be redeemed by delivery of the remaining portion 
of the Deliverable Amount of the Deliverable Obligations in respect of such Note and, if 
applicable, payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional Entitlement arising, 
together with any other amounts to which such Noteholder is entitled upon redemption of 
such Note. 
(j) 
No Obligation to Register Noteholder 
The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the registration of any Noteholder 
or any other person as the registered holder of any of the Deliverable Obligations to be delivered 
in the register of members or holders of debt securities of any company whose securities form part 
of the Deliverable Obligations. The Issuer shall not be obliged to account to any Noteholder for 
any entitlement received or receivable in respect of any of the Deliverable Obligations to be 
delivered if the date on which such are first traded ex such entitlement is on or prior to the date of 
Delivery. The Issuer shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the date on which such 
assets are so first traded ex any such entitlement. 
(k) 
Asset Package Delivery 
Asset Package Delivery will apply if an Asset Package Credit Event occurs, unless (i) such Asset 
Package Credit Event occurs prior to the Credit Event Backstop Date determined in respect of the 
Credit Event specified in the Credit Event Notice or DC Credit Event Announcement applicable 
to the Event Determination Date, or (ii) if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, no Package 
Observable Bond exists immediately prior to such Asset Package Credit Event. 
5.2H 
Restructuring Credit Event 
(a) 
Multiple Credit Event Notices 
Where Restructuring is an applicable Credit Event in relation to any Reference Entity upon the 
occurrence of a Restructuring Credit Event in relation to such Reference Entity for which either 
Modified Modified Restructuring Applicable, Mod Mod R Applicable, Modified Restructuring 
Applicable or Mod R Applicable is specified in the Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
Transaction Type: 
(i) 
the Calculation Agent may deliver multiple Credit Event Notices with respect to such 
Restructuring Credit Event, each such notice setting forth the amount of the relevant 
Reference Entity Notional Amount to which such Restructuring Credit Event applies (the 
"Exercise Amount"), provided that if the Credit Event Notice does not specify an 
Exercise Amount, the then outstanding Reference Entity Notional Amount will be deemed 
to have been specified as the Exercise Amount; and 
(ii) 
the provisions of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex shall be deemed to apply to an 
aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes equal to the Exercise Amount only 
and all the provisions hereof shall be construed accordingly. 
The Exercise Amount in connection with a Credit Event Notice describing a Restructuring must 
be an amount that is at least 1,000,000 units of the currency (or, if Japanese Yen, 100,000,000

--- Page 93 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 91 -
70-41019079 
 
 
units) in which the Reference Entity Notional Amount is denominated or any integral multiple 
thereof or the entire Reference Entity Notional Amount. 
If any Note is subject to partial redemption in accordance with this Condition 5.2H(a), the relevant 
Note or, if the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such Global Note shall be endorsed to 
reflect such partial redemption. 
(b) 
Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable 
If "Modified Restructuring Applicable" or "Mod R Applicable" is specified in the Final Terms 
or is applicable in respect of the Transaction Type, and Restructuring is the only Credit Event 
specified in a Credit Event Notice, then a Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation 
Obligation, may be specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or specified in any NOPS 
Amendment Notice or, as applicable, selected by the Calculation Agent as a Valuation Obligation 
only if it: 
(i) 
is a Fully Transferable Obligation; and 
(ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date, 
in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. 
(c) 
Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable 
If "Modified Modified Restructuring Applicable" or "Mod Mod R Applicable" is specified in 
the Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the Transaction Type, and Restructuring is the only 
Credit Event specified in a Credit Event Notice, then unless the Deliverable Obligation is a Prior 
Deliverable Obligation and Asset Package Delivery applies due to a Governmental Intervention, a 
Deliverable Obligation or, as applicable, Valuation Obligation, may be specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice or, as applicable, selected by 
the Calculation Agent as a Valuation Obligation, only if it: 
(i) 
is a Conditionally Transferable Obligation; and 
(ii) 
has a final maturity date not later than the applicable Modified Restructuring Maturity 
Limitation Date, 
in each case as, of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, for the purposes of this Condition 5.2H(c) (Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable), in the case of a Restructured Bond or Loan 
with a final maturity date on or prior to the 10 year Limitation Date, the final maturity of such Loan 
or Bond shall be deemed to be the earlier of such final maturity date or the final maturity date of 
such Bond or Loan immediately prior to the relevant Restructuring. 
In the event that the requisite consent in relation to a Deliverable Obligation which is a 
Conditionally Transferable Obligation is refused (whether or not a reason is given for such refusal 
and, where a reason is given for such refusal, regardless of that reason) or is not received by the 
Physical Settlement Date, the Issuer shall promptly notify the relevant Noteholders of such refusal 
(or deemed refusal) and: 
(x) 
each such Noteholder may designate a third party (which may or may not be an 
Affiliate of such Noteholder) to take Delivery of the Deliverable Obligation on 
its behalf; and 
(y) 
if a Noteholder does not designate a third party that takes Delivery on or prior to 
the date which is three Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date, then the 
Issuer may (but shall not be obliged to) continue to attempt such Delivery until 
the Extended Physical Settlement Date and failing which, Condition 5.2(C)(b) 
(Partial Cash Settlement following Extended Physical Settlement Date) shall 
apply.

--- Page 94 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 92 -
70-41019079 
 
 
5.2I 
Provisions relating to Obligation Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation 
Category and Characteristics 
(a) 
Obligation Characteristics 
If the Obligation Characteristic "Listed" or "Not Domestic Issuance" is specified in the Final Terms 
or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms and this Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex shall be construed as though the relevant Obligation Characteristic had 
been specified as an Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Bonds. 
(b) 
Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics 
If: 
(i) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance" or 
"Not Bearer" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the 
applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be construed as though such 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic only with respect to Bonds and shall only be relevant if Bonds are covered 
by the selected Deliverable Obligation Category; 
(ii) 
the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Transferable" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms 
shall be construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified 
as a Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Deliverable Obligations 
that are not Loans; 
(iii) 
any of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required 
Loan" or "Direct Loan Participation" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or is 
applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the Final Terms shall be 
construed as though such Deliverable Obligation Characteristic had been specified as a 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic only with respect to Loans; or 
(iv) 
more than one of "Assignable Loan", "Consent Required Loan" and "Direct Loan 
Participation" are specified in the applicable Final Terms as Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics or is applicable in respect of the applicable Transaction Type, the 
Deliverable Obligations may include any Loan that satisfies any one of such Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics specified and need not satisfy all such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics. 
(c) 
Qualifying Guarantees 
If an Obligation or a Deliverable Obligation is a Relevant Guarantee, the following will apply: 
(i) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Category or the Deliverable Obligation 
Category, the Relevant Guarantee shall be deemed to be described by the same category 
or categories as those that describe the Underlying Obligation; 
(ii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, both the Relevant Guarantee and the Underlying Obligation 
must satisfy on the relevant date each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms 
from the following list: "Not Subordinated", "Specified Currency", "Not Sovereign 
Lender", "Not Domestic Currency" and "Not Domestic Law"; 
(iii) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, only the Underlying Obligation must satisfy on the relevant 
date or dates each of the applicable Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Transaction Type from the following list: "Listed", "Not Domestic Issuance", "Assignable 
Loan", "Consent Required Loan", "Direct Loan Participation", "Transferable", "Maximum 
Maturity", "Accelerated" or "Matured" and "Not Bearer";

--- Page 95 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 93 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(iv) 
for purposes of the application of the Obligation Characteristics or the Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristics to an Underlying Obligation, references to the Reference Entity 
shall be deemed to refer to the Underlying Obligor; 
(v) 
the terms "outstanding principal balance" and "Due and Payable Amount" (as they are 
used in the terms of the Notes, including without limitation, the definitions of "Cash 
Settlement Amount" and "Quotation Amount"), when used in connection with 
Qualifying Guarantees are to be interpreted to be the then "outstanding principal 
balance" or "Due and Payable Amount", as applicable, of the Underlying Obligation 
which is supported by a Qualifying Guarantee; and 
(vi) 
for the avoidance of doubt the provisions of this Condition 5.2I apply in respect of the 
definitions of "Obligation" and "Deliverable Obligation" as the context admits. 
(d) 
Determinations of Deliverable Obligation Category Characteristics 
(i) 
For purposes of the application of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristic "Maximum 
Maturity", remaining maturity shall be determined on the basis of the terms of the 
Deliverable Obligation in effect at the time of making such determination and, in the case 
of a Deliverable Obligation that is due and payable, the remaining maturity shall be zero. 
(ii) 
If "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise 
satisfy a particular Obligation Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the 
existence of any terms in the relevant obligation in effect at the time of making the 
determination which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, discharged, 
released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a Governmental 
Intervention, shall not cause such obligation to fail to satisfy such Obligation 
Characteristic or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic. 
(iii) 
For the purposes of determining the applicability of Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristics and the requirements specified in Condition 5.2H(b) (Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable) and Condition 
5.2H(c) (Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation Applicable) to a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, 
any such determination shall be made by reference to the terms of the relevant obligation 
in effect immediately prior to the Asset Package Credit Event. 
(iv) 
If "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms, if an obligation would otherwise satisfy the "Maximum Maturity" 
Deliverable Obligation Characteristic, the existence of any Solvency Capital Provisions 
in such obligation shall not cause it to fail to satisfy such Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic. 
5.2J 
Provisions relating to LPN Reference Entities 
The following provisions shall apply if the relevant Final Terms provide that "LPN Reference 
Entity" is applicable: 
(i) 
Multiple Holder Obligation will not be applicable with respect to any Reference 
Obligation and any Underlying Loan; 
(ii) 
each Reference Obligation will be an Obligation notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
in this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, and in particular, that the obligation is not an 
obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
each Reference Obligations will be a Deliverable Obligation notwithstanding anything to 
the contrary in this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, and in particular, that the obligation 
is not an obligation of the Reference Entity; 
(iv) 
for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to any LPN Reference Obligation that specifies 
an Underlying Loan or an Underlying Financial Instrument, the outstanding principal

--- Page 96 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 94 -
70-41019079 
 
 
balance shall be determined by reference to the Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance 
Instrument (as applicable) relating to such LPN Reference Obligation; and 
(v) 
the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic and Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic shall be construed as if no Reference Obligation was specified in respect of 
the Reference Entity. 
5.2K 
Succession Event 
(a) 
Single Reference Entity 
Where the Notes are linked to a single Reference Entity and more than one Successor has been 
identified, the following terms will apply: 
(i) 
each Successor will be a Reference Entity for the purposes of the Notes; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount of each such Successor will be the Reference Entity 
Notional Amount applicable to the original Reference Entity divided by the number of 
Successors; 
(iii) 
the Notes will redeem or settle in part upon the occurrence of an Event Determination Date 
in respect of a Successor; 
(iv) 
the amount of interest accruing and payable in respect of the Notes will be reduced with 
effect from the date on which it would have been reduced upon the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of the original Reference Entity but the balance on which 
interest is calculated shall only be reduced by the Reference Entity Notional Amount of 
the Successor in respect of which the relevant Event Determination Date occurred; 
(v) 
more than one Event Determination Date may occur but not more than one Event 
Determination Date may occur with respect to a single Successor; and 
(vi) 
upon the identification of more than one Successor, the Calculation Agent acting in its 
sole discretion may, without the consent of the Issuer, the Noteholders or any paying agent, 
revise the terms and conditions of the Notes to account for such Successors and the Issuer 
will cause such revised terms and conditions to be substituted for the original terms and 
conditions and such revised terms and conditions shall be binding on the Issuer, the 
Noteholders, the Couponholders and any paying agent. 
(b) 
Nth-to-Default CLNs 
Where the Notes are linked to more than one Reference Entity and the Notes are issued on the basis 
that they will be redeemed in whole on the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in respect 
of a single Reference Entity and one or more Successors have been identified, the following terms 
will apply: 
(i) 
each Successor and each of the Reference Entities that do not have a Successor will be a 
Reference Entity for the purposes of the Notes, and the provisions of Condition 5.2K(a)(ii) 
(Single Reference Entity) shall apply thereto; 
(ii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as not being applicable in the Final Terms, where any 
Reference Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") would be a Successor to any other 
Reference Entity (the "Legacy Reference Entity"), such Surviving Reference Entity shall 
be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
if "Substitution" is specified as being applicable in the Final Terms, where any Reference 
Entity (the "Surviving Reference Entity") would be a Successor to any other Reference 
Entity (the "Legacy Reference Entity"): 
(A) 
such Surviving Reference Entity shall be deemed not to be a Successor to the 
Legacy Reference Entity; and

--- Page 97 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 95 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(B) 
a replacement Reference Entity selected by the Calculation Agent acting in its 
sole discretion shall be deemed to be a Successor to the Legacy Reference Entity; 
and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent acting in its sole discretion may, without the consent of the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or any paying agent, revise the terms and conditions of the Notes to 
account for such Successors and the Issuer will cause such revised terms and conditions 
to be substituted for the original terms and conditions and such revised terms and 
conditions shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and any 
paying agent. 
(c) 
Basket CLNs 
Where the Notes are linked to more than one Reference Entity but the Notes are not issued on the 
basis that they will be redeemed in whole on the occurrence of an Event Determination Date in 
respect of a single Reference Entity and one or more Successors have been identified, the following 
terms will apply: 
(i) 
the Reference Entity that has one or more Successors (the "Affected Entity") will no 
longer be a Reference Entity (unless it is a Successor as described in (ii) below); 
(ii) 
each Successor will be deemed a Reference Entity (in addition to each Reference Entity 
which is not an Affected Entity); 
(iii) 
the Reference Entity Notional Amount for each such Successor will equal the Reference 
Entity Notional Amount of the Affected Entity divided by the number of Successors; and 
(iv) 
the Calculation Agent acting in its sole discretion may, without the consent of the Issuer, 
the Noteholders or any paying agent, revise the terms and conditions of the Notes to 
account for such Successors and the Issuer will cause such revised terms and conditions 
to be substituted for the original terms and conditions and such revised terms and 
conditions shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders, the Couponholders and any 
paying agent. 
(d) 
Substitute Reference Obligation on determination of one or more Successors 
Where: 
(i) 
a Reference Obligation is specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
one or more Successors to the Reference Entity have been identified; and 
(iii) 
any one or more such Successors have not assumed the Reference Obligation, 
a Substitute Reference Obligation will be determined in accordance with the definition of 
"Substitute Reference Obligation". 
5.2L 
Other Provisions 
(a) 
Participation CLN 
If the Final Terms specifies that Participation CLN is applicable, the following terms will apply: 
(i) 
in addition to the provisions on interest ceasing to accrue under Condition 5.2A(b) 
(Redemption following Satisfaction of Conditions to Settlement), the obligation of the 
Issuer to redeem any Note or pay any interest on the Notes shall be conditional upon there 
being no Potential Failure to Pay or Failure to Pay in respect of any relevant Reference 
Entity (which need not be continuing on the relevant Interest Payment Date); 
(ii) 
the Payment Requirement and the Default Requirement shall be zero; and 
(iii) 
Notice of Publicly Available Information will not be applicable as a Condition to 
Settlement.

--- Page 98 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 96 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Determinations of the Calculation Agent and Determinations at Issuer's option 
The determination by the Calculation Agent of any amount or of any state of affairs, circumstance, 
event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise of any discretion required or 
permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Calculation Agent pursuant to this Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer 
and the Noteholders. In performing its duties pursuant to the Notes, the Calculation Agent shall act 
in its sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise expressly stated, is not bound to follow or 
act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to make any determination it may, inter 
alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. If the Calculation Agent chooses to rely 
on the determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee it may do so 
without liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Calculation Agent in the performance 
or exercise of any of its obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, 
the giving of any notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any 
later performance or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent 
or the Issuer shall, in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in 
respect of, or consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
The exercise of any option of the Issuer or determination by the Issuer of any amount or of any 
state of affairs, circumstance, event or other matter, or the formation of any opinion or the exercise 
of any discretion required or permitted to be determined, formed or exercised by the Issuer pursuant 
to this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex shall be final and binding on the Calculation Agent and 
the Noteholders and shall not be required to be notified to the Calculation Agent or the Noteholders. 
The Issuer shall act in its sole and absolute discretion and, unless otherwise expressly stated, is not 
bound to follow or act in accordance with any determination of the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee. Whenever the Issuer is required to make any determination it may, 
inter alia, decide issues of construction and legal interpretation. If the Issuer chooses to rely on the 
determinations of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee it may do so without 
liability. Any delay, deferral or forbearance by the Issuer in the performance or exercise of any of 
its obligations or its discretion under the Notes including, without limitation, the giving of any 
notice by it to any person, shall not affect the validity or binding nature of any later performance 
or exercise of such obligation or discretion, and none of the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall, 
in the absence of wilful misconduct and gross negligence, bear any liability in respect of, or 
consequent upon, any such delay, deferral or forbearance. 
(c) 
Calculation Agent Responsibility 
The Calculation Agent shall be responsible for: 
(i) 
determining whether a Credit Event or Potential Credit Event has occurred 
(ii) 
determining the identity of any Successor to the Reference Entity; 
(iii) 
determining whether an event specified in paragraph (i) of the definition of "Substitute 
Reference Obligation" has occurred; 
(iv) 
identifying and determining a Substitute Reference Obligation; 
(v) 
obtaining Quotations (and, if necessary, determining whether such Quotations shall 
include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest) and determining the Final Price, Cash 
Settlement Amount and Partial Cash Settlement Amount; 
(vi) 
converting the Quotation Amount into the relevant Obligation Currency; 
(vii) 
determining the Dealers and substituting Dealers; 
(viii) 
determining the Currency Rate; 
(ix) 
determining the Auction Settlement Amount and Cash Settlement Amount; 
(x) 
determining the Break Costs;

--- Page 99 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 97 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(xi) 
determining the Outstanding Principal Balance and/or any Due and Payable Amount; 
(xii) 
determining the Largest Asset Package; 
(xiii) 
determining the Asset Market Value; and 
(xiv) 
determining the Partial Cash Settlement Amount. 
The Calculation Agent shall, as soon as practicable after obtaining any Quotation, notify the 
Noteholders in writing of each such Quotation that it receives in connection with the calculation 
of the Final Price and shall provide to the Noteholders a written computation showing its 
calculation of the Final Price. Whenever the Calculation Agent is required to act or to exercise 
judgment, it will do so in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. 
(d) 
Changes in Standard Terms and Market Conventions 
If the Calculation Agent determines, acting reasonably, that from time to time there has been a 
change in prevailing market standard terms or market trading conventions, which change affects 
any Hedge Transaction such that the terms of such Hedge Transaction are or may thenceforth be 
inconsistent with corresponding provisions of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, then it may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, the Noteholders or any paying agent, modify this Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex to the extent necessary to preserve such consistency. The Calculation Agent 
shall notify the Issuer and any relevant paying agent as soon as reasonably practicable upon making 
any such determination. 
(e) 
Effectiveness of Notices 
Any Credit Event Notice, Notice of Publicly Available Information, Notice of Physical Settlement 
(or amendment or correction thereto) or Potential Credit Event Notice from the Calculation Agent 
which is delivered on or prior to 5:00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day is effective 
on such date and if delivered after such time or on a day that is not a London Business Day, is 
deemed effective on the next following London Business Day. Any such notice may be in writing 
(including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone. For so long as the Notes are held on 
behalf of a Clearing System, for the purpose of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, any notice 
in writing delivered to the Relevant Clearing System shall be treated as "delivered" to Noteholders 
when delivered to the Relevant Clearing System, whether by email, by facsimile, by hand or any 
other method of delivery accepted by the Relevant Clearing Systems for notices for onward 
transmission to its accountholders. 
(f) 
Prevailing terms 
In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and this Credit Linked Derivatives 
Annex, this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Final Terms and the Conditions and this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, the Final 
Terms will prevail. 
(g) 
Time Zones 
In order to determine the day on which an event occurs for purposes of these Additional Conditions, 
the demarcation of days shall be made by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction 
Type of the Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone in which 
such event occurred. Any event occurring at midnight shall be deemed to have occurred 
immediately prior to midnight. 
(h) 
Payment Timing 
Notwithstanding the definition of Credit Event Notice and paragraph (g) (Time Zones) above, if a 
payment is not made by the Reference Entity on its due date or, as the case may be, on the final 
day of the relevant Grace Period, then such failure to make a payment shall be deemed to have 
occurred on such day prior to midnight Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the 
Reference Entity relates to Japan, Tokyo time), irrespective of the time zone of its place of 
payment.

--- Page 100 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 98 -
70-41019079 
 
 
18. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of Conditions 5.2A, 5.2B, 5.2C, 5.2D, 5.2E, 5.2F, 5.2G, 5.2H, 5.2I, 5.2J, 5.2K 
and 5.2L, the following words shall have the following meaning: 
"Accelerated or Matured" means an obligation under which the principal amount owed, whether 
by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise, is due and payable in full in 
accordance with the terms of such obligation, or would have been but for, and without regard to, 
any limitation imposed under any applicable insolvency laws; 
"Accrued Interest" means with respect to Notes for which: 
(a) 
"Physical Settlement" applies (or for which Physical Settlement is applicable as the 
Fallback Settlement Method in accordance with the terms relating to Auction Settlement), 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will 
exclude accrued but unpaid interest, unless "Include Accrued Interest" is specified as 
applicable in the related Final Terms, in which case, the Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Deliverable Obligations being Delivered will include accrued but unpaid interest 
(as the Calculation Agent shall determine); 
(b) 
"Cash Settlement" applies (or if Cash Settlement is applicable as the Fallback Settlement 
Method in accordance with the terms relating to Auction Settlement), and: 
(i) 
"Include Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall include 
accrued but unpaid interest; 
(ii) 
"Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, 
the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference Obligation shall not include 
accrued but unpaid interest; or 
(iii) 
neither "Include Accrued Interest" nor "Exclude Accrued Interest" is specified 
as applicable in the related Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine, 
based on the then current market practice in the market of the Reference 
Obligation whether the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Reference 
Obligation shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest and, if 
applicable, the amount thereof; or 
(c) 
Condition 5.2G(g) (Partial Cash Settlement due to impossibility, impracticability or 
illegality) is applicable, the Calculation Agent shall determine, based on the then current 
market practice in the market of the relevant Undeliverable Obligation, Undeliverable 
Loan Obligation, Undeliverable Participation or Unassignable Obligation, whether such 
Quotations shall include or exclude accrued but unpaid interest; 
"Additional LPN" means any bond issued in the form of a loan participation note (an "LPN") by 
an entity (the "LPN Issuer") for the sole purpose of providing funds for the LPN Issuer to: 
(a) 
finance a loan to the Reference Entity (the "Underlying Loan"); or 
(b) 
provide finance to the Reference Entity by way of a deposit, loan or other Borrowed Money 
instrument (the "Underlying Finance Instrument"); provided that: 
(i) 
either: 
(A) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Loan with respect to such LPN, 
the Underlying Loan satisfies the Obligation Characteristics specified in 
respect of the Reference Entity; or 
(B) 
in the event that there is an Underlying Finance Instrument with respect 
to such LPN the Underlying Finance Instrument satisfies the Not 
Subordinated, Not Domestic Law and Not Domestic Currency 
Obligation Characteristics;

--- Page 101 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 99 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(ii) 
the LPN satisfies the following Deliverable Obligation Characteristics: 
Transferable, Not Bearer, Specified Currencies – Standard Specified Currencies, 
Not Domestic Law, Not Domestic Issuance; and 
(iii) 
the LPN Issuer has, as of the issue date of such obligation, granted a First Ranking 
Interest over or in respect of certain of its rights in relation to the relevant 
Underlying Loan or Underlying Finance Instrument (as applicable) for the benefit 
of holders of the LPNs; 
"Additional Obligation" means each of the obligations listed as an Additional Obligation of the 
Reference Entity in the relevant "LPN Reference Obligation List" as published by Markit Group 
Limited, 
or 
any 
successor 
thereto, 
which 
list 
is 
currently 
available 
at 
http://www.markit.com/marketing/services.php; 
"Additional Provisions" means any additional provisions from time to time published by ISDA 
for use in the over the counter credit derivatives market and specified in the Final Terms as 
applicable in relation to a Reference Entity which may include: 
(a) 
the Additional Provisions for Physically Settled Default Swaps - Monoline Insurer as Reference 
Entity, as published by ISDA on 21 January 2005; or 
(b) 
any other provisions specified in the Final Terms in relation to such Reference Entity; 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, by the 
person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity directly or indirectly 
under common control with the person. For this purpose "control" of any entity or person means 
ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or person; 
"Asset" means each obligation, amount of cash, security, fee (including any "early-bird" or other 
consent fee), right and/or other asset, whether tangible or otherwise and whether issued, incurred, 
paid or provided by the Reference Entity or a third party (or any value which was realised or 
capable or being realised in circumstances where the right and/or asset no longer exists); 
"Asset Market Value" means the market value of an Asset, as the Calculation Agent shall 
determine by reference to an appropriate specialist valuation or in accordance with the 
methodology determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee. 
"Asset Package" means, in respect of an Asset Package Credit Event, all of the Assets in the 
proportion received or retained by a Relevant Holder in connection with such relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event (which may include the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be). If the Relevant Holder is offered a choice of Assets or a choice of 
combinations of Assets, the Asset Package will be the Largest Asset Package. If the Relevant 
Holder is offered, receives and retains nothing, the Asset Package shall be deemed to be zero; 
"Asset Package Credit Event" means: 
(a) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" and "Governmental Intervention" are specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms: 
(i) 
a Governmental Intervention; or 
(ii) 
Restructuring in respect of the Reference Obligation, if "Restructuring" is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms and such Restructuring does not 
constitute a Governmental Intervention; and 
(b) 
if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and "Restructuring" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, a Restructuring, 
In each case, whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event in the Credit 
Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement;

--- Page 102 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 100 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a notice that complies with Condition 5.2G(f) (Asset Transfer 
Notice Requirements), issued by a Noteholder to the Issuer and copied to the Calculation Agent 
and any relevant paying agent, in connection with a redemption of any Note wholly or in part by 
way of Physical Settlement (substantially in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto or as 
subsequently provided or made available to Noteholders by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent 
from time to time); 
"Assignable Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated to at a minimum, 
commercial banks or financial institutions (irrespective of their jurisdiction of organisation) that 
are not then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate without the consent of the 
Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the applicable borrower 
if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
"Auction" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Cancellation Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms; 
"Auction Covered Transaction" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement 
Terms; 
"Auction Final Price" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Final Price Determination Date" has the meaning set forth in the Transaction Auction 
Settlement Terms; 
"Auction Settlement Amount Notice" means a notice (which may be in writing (including by 
facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) given by the Calculation Agent to the Noteholders 
within 30 Business Days from the Auction Final Price Determination Date or, if so determined by 
the Issuer in its sole discretion, a Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date, specifying the 
Auction Settlement Amount; 
"Auction Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following delivery by the 
Calculation Agent of the Auction Settlement Amount Notice; 
"Bankruptcy" means with respect to a Reference Entity, such Reference Entity (a) is dissolved 
(other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (b) becomes insolvent or is 
unable to pay its debts or fails or admits in writing in a judicial, regulatory or administrative 
proceeding or filing its inability generally to pay its debts as they become due, (c) makes a general 
assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition with or for the benefit of its creditors generally, 
or such a general assignment, arrangement, scheme or composition becomes effective, (d) institutes 
or has instituted against it a proceeding seeking a judgement of insolvency or bankruptcy or any 
other similar relief under any bankruptcy or insolvency law or other law affecting creditors' rights, 
or a petition is presented for its winding-up or liquidation, and, in the case of any such proceeding 
or petition instituted or presented against it, such proceeding or petition (i) results in a judgement 
of insolvency or bankruptcy or the entry of an order for relief or the making of an order for its 
winding-up or liquidation, or (ii) is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained in each case 
within thirty calendar days of the institution or presentation thereof, (e) has a resolution passed for 
its winding-up or liquidation (other than pursuant to a consolidation, amalgamation or merger), (f) 
seeks or becomes subject to the appointment of an administrator, provisional liquidator, 
conservator, receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or substantially all 
its assets, (g) has a secured party take possession of all or substantially all its assets or has a distress, 
execution, attachment, sequestration or other legal process levied, enforced or sued on or against 
all or substantially all its assets and such secured party maintains possession, or any such process 
is not dismissed, discharged, stayed or restrained, in each case within thirty calendar days 
thereafter, or (h) causes or is subject to any event with respect to it which, under the applicable 
laws of any jurisdiction, has an analogous effect to any of the events specified in (a) to (g) 
(inclusive) above;

--- Page 103 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 101 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Best Available Information" means: 
(a) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which files information with its primary securities regulator or 
primary stock exchange that includes unconsolidated, pro forma financial information which 
assumes that the relevant Succession Event has occurred or which provides such information to its 
shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the Succession Event is required, that 
unconsolidated, pro forma financial information and, if provided subsequently to the provision of 
unconsolidated, pro forma financial information but before the Calculation Agent makes its 
determination for the purposes of the definition of "Successor", other relevant information that is 
contained in any written communication provided by the Reference Entity to its primary securities 
regulator, primary stock exchange, shareholders, creditors or other persons whose approval of the 
Succession Event is required; or 
(b) 
in the case of a Reference Entity which does not file with its primary securities regulators or 
primary stock exchange, and which does not provide to shareholders, creditors or other persons 
whose approval of the Succession Event is required, the information contemplated in (a) above, 
the best publicly available information at the disposal of the Calculation Agent or the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee to allow it to make a determination for the purposes of the 
definition of "Successor", 
provided that information which is made available more than 14 calendar days after the legally 
effective date of the Succession Event shall not constitute Best Available Information; 
"Bond" means any obligation of a type included in the "Borrowed Money" Obligation Category 
that is in the form of, or represented by, a bond, note (other than notes delivered pursuant to Loans), 
certificated debt security or other debt security and shall not include any other type of Borrowed 
Money; 
"Bond or Loan" means any obligation that is either a Bond or a Loan; 
"Borrowed Money" means any obligation (excluding an obligation under a revolving credit 
arrangement for which there are no outstanding, unpaid drawings in respect of principal) for the 
payment or repayment of money, (which term shall include, without limitation, deposits and 
reimbursement obligations arising from drawings pursuant to letters of credit); 
"Break Costs" shall, in respect of each Note, be the product of (a) the outstanding principal amount 
of such Note divided by the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Notes, and (b) the 
amount (the "Aggregate Break Costs") determined by the Calculation Agent as the sum of: (x) 
the costs and/or loss incurred by the Issuer and/or any of its Affiliates under any Hedge 
Transaction(s) as the result of adjusting, unwinding or terminating such Hedge Transaction(s) (or 
that it would have incurred had it entered into any such Hedge Transaction) and (y) the costs to the 
Issuer of obtaining alternative funding in an amount equal to the aggregate outstanding principal 
amount of the Notes, subject to a minimum of zero. 
"Cash Settlement Amount" of any Note means an amount determined in accordance with 
Condition 5.2F (Cash Settlement); 
"Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days following the calculation of 
the Final Price or, as the case may be, the Weighted Average Final Price; 
"CDS" means a credit default swap referencing the Reference Entity, with the maturity and Initial 
CDS Spread specified in the applicable Final Terms and otherwise containing terms and conditions 
that observe standard market conventions, as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion. 
"CDS Spread" means the spread or premium payable in order to purchase the relevant CDS, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion.  
"Conditionally Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either 
Transferable, in the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Modified Eligible 
Transferees without the consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable 
Obligation other than Bonds, in each case, as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery

--- Page 104 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 102 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Date, provided, however, that a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds will be a Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation notwithstanding that consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if 
any, of a Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds (or the consent of the relevant obligor if a 
Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Deliverable Obligation) or any agent is required for such 
novation, assignment or transfer so long as the terms of such Deliverable Obligation provide that 
such consent may not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Any requirement that notification of 
novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall not be 
considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition of "Conditionally 
Transferable Obligation". 
For purposes of determining whether a Deliverable Obligation satisfies the requirements of the 
definition of "Conditionally Transferable Obligation", such determination shall be made as of the 
Delivery Date for the Deliverable Obligation, taking into account only the terms of the Deliverable 
Obligation and any related transfer or consent documents which have been obtained by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Conditions to Settlement" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2C (Satisfaction of 
Conditions to Settlement); 
"Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is a Deliverable 
Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation". 
"Consent Required Loan" means a Loan that is capable of being assigned or novated with the 
consent of the Reference Entity or the guarantor, if any, of such Loan (or the consent of the relevant 
borrower if the Reference Entity is guaranteeing such Loan) or any agent; 
"Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms" means, in relation to any Reference Entity, any 
Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms a form of which will be published by ISDA on its 
website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and may be amended 
from time to time; 
"Credit Derivatives Definitions" means the 2014 ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, as 
published by ISDA and, in addition, if Additional Provisions are specified to be applicable in the 
Final Terms, as supplemented by the Additional Provisions; 
"Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee" means each committee established pursuant to 
the DC Rules for purposes of reaching certain DC Resolutions in connection with Credit Derivative 
Transactions; 
"Credit Event" means the occurrence of one or more of Bankruptcy, Failure to Pay, Obligation 
Acceleration, Obligation Default, Repudiation/Moratorium, Restructuring or Governmental 
Intervention as specified in the Final Terms with respect to a Reference Entity. 
If an occurrence would otherwise constitute a Credit Event, such occurrence will constitute a Credit 
Event whether or not such occurrence arises directly or indirectly from, or is subject to a defence 
based upon: 
(a) 
any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the Reference Entity to enter into any Obligation 
or, as applicable, an Underlying Obligor to enter into any Underlying Obligation; 
(b) 
any actual or alleged unenforceability, illegality, impossibility or invalidity with respect to any 
Obligation or, as applicable, any Underlying Obligation, however described; 
(c) 
any applicable law, order, regulation, decree or notice, however described, or the promulgation of, 
or any change in, the interpretation by any court, tribunal, regulatory authority or similar 
administrative or judicial body with competent or apparent jurisdiction of any applicable law, order, 
regulation, decree or notice, however described; or 
(d) 
the imposition of, or any change in, any exchange controls, capital restrictions or any other similar 
restrictions imposed by any monetary or other authority, however described;

--- Page 105 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 103 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Credit Event Backstop Date" means (a) for purposes of any event that constitutes a Credit Event 
(or with respect to Repudiation/Moratorium, the event described in paragraph (i)(B) of the 
definition thereof) as determined by DC Resolution, the date that is sixty calendar days prior to the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, or (b) otherwise, the date that is sixty calendar days prior 
to the earlier of (i) the Notice Delivery Date, if the Notice Delivery Date occurs during the Notice 
Delivery Period and (ii) the Credit Event Resolution Request Date, if the Notice Delivery Date 
occurs during the Post Dismissal Additional Period. The Credit Event Backstop Date shall not be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Credit Event Notice" means an irrevocable notice (which may be in writing (including by 
facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) from the Issuer or the Calculation Agent to the 
Noteholders that describes a Credit Event that occurred on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date 
(if specified as applicable in the Final Terms), or, otherwise, the Trade Date (in each case, 
determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and on or prior to the Extension Date (determined by reference 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)). 
The Credit Event Notice shall contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Credit Event has occurred. The Credit Event that is the subject of the Credit 
Event Notice need not be continuing on the date the Credit Event Notice is effective. The Credit 
Event Notice may be substantially in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto with any 
amendments as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent from time to time; 
"Credit Event Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event Question, the 
date as publicly announced by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which the DC Credit Event Question was 
effective and on which the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee was in 
possession of Publicly Available Information with respect to such DC Credit Event Question. 
"Currency Amount" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement that is denominated in a 
currency other than the Settlement Currency, an amount converted to the Settlement Currency 
using a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, an amount 
converted to the Settlement Currency (or, if applicable, back into the Settlement Currency) using 
a conversion rate determined by reference to the Currency Rate, if any, and each Revised Currency 
Rate used to convert each Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount specified in each 
NOPS Amendment Notice with respect to that portion of the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount into the currency of denomination of the relevant Replacement Deliverable Obligation; 
"Currency Rate" means with respect to: 
(a) 
a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a selected Valuation 
Obligation, the rate of conversion between the Settlement Currency and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is either: 
(i) 
determined by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency 
Fixing Time; or 
(ii) 
if such rate is not available at such time, determined by the Calculation Agent in 
a commercially reasonable manner; and 
(b) 
a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the Revised 
Currency Rate; 
"Currency Rate Source" means any source as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion, including without limitation, the mid-point rate of conversion published by

--- Page 106 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 104 -
70-41019079 
 
 
WM/Reuters at 4:00 p.m. (London time), or any successor rate source approved by the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee; 
"Cut-Off Date" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2G(e) (Asset Transfer Notice); 
"DC Announcement Coverage Cut-off Date" means, with respect to a DC Credit Event 
Announcement, the Auction Final Price Determination Date, the Auction Cancellation Date, or the 
date that is fourteen calendar days following the No Auction Announcement Date, if any, as 
applicable. 
"DC Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that constitutes a Credit Event for purposes of the Notes has occurred 
on or after the Credit Event Backstop Date and on or prior to the Extension Date, provided that if 
the Credit Event occurred after the Scheduled Redemption Date, the DC Credit Event 
Announcement must relate to the relevant Potential Failure to Pay, in the case of a Grace Period 
Extension Date, or the relevant Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, in the case of a 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date. 
"DC Credit Event Meeting Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will be 
convened to Resolve the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question Dismissal" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved not to determine the matters described in a DC Credit Event Question. 
"DC Credit Event Question" means a notice to the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve whether an event that constitutes 
a Credit Event for purposes of the Notes has occurred. 
"DC No Credit Event Announcement" means, with respect to the Reference Entity, a public 
announcement by the DC Secretary that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
has Resolved that an event that is the subject of a DC Credit Event Question does not constitute a 
Credit Event. 
For the avoidance of doubt, a DC No Credit Event Announcement shall not apply in respect of the 
Notes unless the Issuer otherwise elects in its sole discretion; 
"DC Party" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules 
"DC Resolution" shall have the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules; 
"DC Rules" means the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules, as published by 
ISDA on its website at www.isda.org (or any successor website thereto) from time to time and as 
amended from time to time in accordance with the terms thereof; 
"DC Secretary" has the meaning given to the that term in the DC Rules; 
"Dealer" means a dealer (which may include the Issuer or any Affiliate of the Issuer) in obligations 
of the type of Obligation(s) for which Quotations are to be obtained, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent; 
"Default Requirement" means, if a Transaction Type is specified, the amount (if any) specified 
as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix, or otherwise U.S.$10,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
Obligation Currency (or as specified in relation to a "Participation CLN" in the Final Terms), in 
either case as of the occurrence of the relevant Credit Event; 
"Delayed Instalment Date" means, in respect of a Scheduled Instalment Date either: 
(a) 
such Scheduled Instalment Date; or

--- Page 107 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 105 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
where the Calculation Agent determines a Potential Credit Event has occurred on or prior to a 
Scheduled Instalment Date, the Delayed Instalment Date shall be: 
(i) 
the date falling two Business Days after the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period; 
or 
(ii) 
at the Issuer's option, if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on 
or prior to the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period in relation to a Reference 
Entity, the date falling 15 Business Days following any date on which the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that the relevant event does not 
constitute a Credit Event, or Resolves not to make such determination; 
"Deliver", "Delivered" and "Delivery" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2G(d) 
(Delivery); 
"Deliverable Amount" means Deliverable Obligations having an Outstanding Amount (or the 
equivalent specified Currency Amount converted at the Currency Rate) on or around any day on 
or prior to the Delivery Date as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion (provided 
that if a Notice of Physical Settlement is given or, as the case may be, amended or changed at any 
time after such day, such other date after such Notice of Physical Settlement is given or, as the case 
may be, amended or changed) or otherwise as determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion equal to the Reference Entity Notional Amount (or, as applicable, Exercise Amount), 
subject to any Physical Settlement Adjustment; 
"Deliverable Obligation" means, subject to Condition 5.2H(b) (Restructuring Maturity Limitation 
and Fully Transferable Obligation Applicable) and Condition 5.2H(c) (Modified Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation and Conditionally Transferable Obligation Applicable): 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity described by the Deliverable Obligation Category specified 
in the applicable Final Terms and, subject to Condition 5.2I (Provisions relating to Obligation 
Category and Characteristics and Deliverable Obligation Category and Characteristics), having 
each of the Deliverable Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
in each case as of both the NOPS Effective Date and the Delivery Date (unless otherwise specified 
in the related Final Terms); 
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; 
(c) 
solely in relation to a Restructuring Credit Event applicable to a Reference Entity which is a 
Sovereign, and unless Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Sovereign Restructured 
Deliverable Obligation; 
(d) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any Prior Deliverable Obligation (if "Financial Reference 
Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) or any Package Observable 
Bond (if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign); and 
(e) 
any other obligation of a Reference Entity specified as such in the Final Terms; 
in each case, (i) unless it is an Excluded Deliverable Obligation and (ii) provided that the 
obligation has an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount that is greater than 
zero (determined for purposes of sub-paragraph (d) above, immediately prior to the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event); 
"Deliverable Obligation Category" means one of Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference 
Obligations Only, Bond, Loan, or Bond or Loan (each as defined herein, except that, for the 
purpose of determining Deliverable Obligations, the definition of Reference Obligations Only shall 
be amended to state that no Deliverable Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference 
Obligations Only); 
"Deliverable Obligation Characteristics" means (a) any one or more of Not Subordinated, 
Specified Currency, Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed, 
Not Domestic Issuance, Assignable Loan, Consent Required Loan, Direct Loan Participation,

--- Page 108 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 106 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Transferable, Maximum Maturity, Accelerated or Matured and Not Bearer as specified in the Final 
Terms or (b) none if not specified in the Final Terms; 
"Deliverable Obligation Provisions" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Deliverable Obligation Terms" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit Derivatives 
Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Delivery Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or an Asset Package, the date on 
which such Deliverable Obligation is Delivered or deemed to be Delivered; 
"Delivery Expenses" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2G(i) (Costs and Expenses); 
"Derivatives Obligation" means any obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a certain type of guarantee) under a 1992 ISDA Master Agreement (Multicurrency – 
Cross Border) or 2002 ISDA Master Agreement, including in each case the Schedule thereto, (each 
a "Derivatives Master Agreement"), and any confirmations of derivatives transactions 
thereunder, for the payment of money or delivery of any security or commodity; 
"Direct Loan Participation" means a Loan in respect of which, pursuant to a participation 
agreement, the Issuer is capable of creating, or procuring the creation of a contractual right in 
favour of the Noteholder that provides such Noteholder with recourse to the participation seller for 
a specified share in any payments due under the relevant Loan which are received by such 
participation seller, any such agreement to be entered into between such Noteholder and either (a) 
the Issuer (to the extent the Issuer is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate), 
or (b) a Qualifying Participation Seller (if any) (to the extent such Qualifying Participation Seller 
is then a lender or a member of the relevant lending syndicate); 
"Domestic Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms and any successor 
currency thereto (or if no such currency is specified, the lawful currency and any successor 
currency of (a) the Reference Entity, if the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction 
in which the Reference Entity is organised, if the Reference Entity is not a Sovereign; 
"Domestic Law" means each of the laws of (a) the Reference Entity, if such Reference Entity is a 
Sovereign, or (b) the jurisdiction in which the Reference Entity is organised, if such Reference 
Entity is not a Sovereign; 
"Downstream Affiliate" means an entity whose outstanding Voting Shares were, at the date of 
issuance of the Qualifying Guarantee, more than 50 per cent. owned, directly or indirectly, by the 
Reference Entity; 
"Due and Payable Amount" means the amount that is due and payable by the Reference Entity 
under the obligation whether by reason of maturity, acceleration, termination or otherwise 
(excluding sums in respect of default interest, indemnities, tax gross-ups and other similar 
amounts) less all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the obligation (a) 
is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (b) may otherwise be reduced as a result of the effluxion of 
time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than by way of (i) 
payment or (ii) a Permitted Contingency), in each case, determined in accordance with the terms 
of the obligation in effect on either (A) the NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation 
are amended after such date but on or prior to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date) or (B) the 
Valuation Date, as applicable; 
"Eligible Information" means information which is publicly available or which can be made 
public without violating any law, agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the 
confidentiality of such information; 
"Eligible Transferee" means each of the following: 
(a) 
each of: 
(i) 
any bank or other financial institution;

--- Page 109 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 107 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(ii) 
an insurance or reinsurance company; 
(iii) 
a mutual fund, unit trust or similar collective investment vehicle (other than an 
entity specified in (c)(i) below); and 
(iv) 
a registered or licensed broker or dealer (other than a natural person or 
proprietorship), 
provided however, in each case that such entity has total assets of at least 
U.S.$500 million; 
(b) 
an Affiliate of an entity specified in (a) above; 
(c) 
each of a corporation, partnership, proprietorship, organisation, trust or other entity: 
(i) 
that is an investment vehicle (including, without limitation, any hedge fund, issuer 
of collateralised debt obligations, commercial paper conduit or other special 
purpose vehicle) that (A) has total assets of at least U.S.$100 million or (B) is one 
of a group of investment vehicles under common control or management having, 
in the aggregate, total assets of at least U.S.$100 million; or 
(ii) 
that has total assets of at least U.S.$500 million; or 
(iii) 
the obligations of which under an agreement, contract or transaction are 
guaranteed or otherwise supported by a letter of credit or keepwell, support or 
other agreement by an entity described in (a), (b), (c)(ii) or (d) hereof; 
(d) 
a Sovereign; and 
(e) 
any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, 
and where all references in this definition to U.S.$ include equivalent amounts in other currencies; 
"Event Determination Date" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2C (Satisfaction of 
the Conditions to Settlement); 
"Excluded Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(b) 
any principal only component of a Bond from which some or all of the interest components have 
been stripped; and 
(c) 
if Asset Package Delivery is applicable, any obligation issued or incurred on or after the date of 
the relevant Asset Package Credit Event 
"Excluded Obligation" means: 
(a) 
any obligation of the Reference Entity specified as such or of a type described in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(b) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Note is a Senior Security, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Subordinated Obligation; and 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms and 
the Note is a Subordinated Security, then for purposes of determining whether a Governmental 
Intervention or Restructuring has occurred, any Further Subordinated Obligation;

--- Page 110 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 108 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Extension Date" means the latest of (a) the Scheduled Redemption Date, (b) the Grace Period 
Extension Date if (i) "Failure to Pay" and "Grace Period Extension" are specified as applicable in 
the related Final Terms and (ii) the Potential Failure to Pay with respect to the relevant Failure to 
Pay occurs on or prior to the Redemption Date and (c) the Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation 
Date (if any) if "Repudiation/Moratorium" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, as 
applicable. 
"Failure to Pay" means, after the expiration of any applicable Grace Period (after the satisfaction 
of any conditions precedent to the commencement of such Grace Period), the failure by a Reference 
Entity to make, when and where due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Payment Requirement under one or more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such 
Obligations at the time of such failure, save that if an occurrence that would constitute a Failure 
Pay (a) is the result of a redenomination that occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental 
Authority which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental Authority and 
(b) a freely available market rate of conversion existed at the time of redenomination, then such 
occurrence will be deemed not to constitute a Failure to Pay unless the redenomination itself 
constituted a reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium payable (as 
determined by reference to such freely available market rate of conversion) at the time of such 
redenomination. If "Credit Deterioration Requirement" is specified as applicable in the Final 
Terms, then, notwithstanding the foregoing, it shall not constitute a Failure to Pay if such failure 
does not directly or indirectly either result from, or result in, a deterioration in the creditworthiness 
or financial condition of the Reference Entity (as determined by the Calculation Agent). 
"Fallback Settlement Event" means: 
(a) 
an Auction Cancellation Date occurs; 
(b) 
a No Auction Announcement Date occurs (unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in its sole 
discretion, in circumstances where such No Auction Announcement Date occurs pursuant to 
paragraph (b) of the definition of "No Auction Announcement Date"); 
(c) 
ISDA publicly announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved, following a Credit Event Resolution Request Date, not to determine the matters 
described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request Date" for 
the purposes of credit derivatives transactions for such Reference Entity in the over the counter 
market (including any Hedge Transaction); 
(d) 
an Event Determination Date has occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) of the definition of 
"Conditions to Settlement" and no Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on or prior 
to the date falling three Business Days after such Event Determination Date; or 
(e) 
any other event whether or not relating to any Hedge Transaction as determined by the Issuer in its 
sole discretion; 
"Fallback Settlement Method" means, Cash Settlement or Physical Settlement, as specified in 
the Final Terms or if "Fallback Settlement Method at Issuer Option" applies, as specified in the 
relevant notice from the Calculation Agent; 
"Final List" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules; 
"Final Price" means, with respect to any Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, the price 
of such Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligation, expressed as a percentage of its 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, determined by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with Condition 5.2F(c) (Final Price); 
"Fixed Cap" means, with respect to a Guarantee, a specified numerical limit or cap on the liability 
of the Reference Entity in respect of some or all payments due under the Underlying Obligation, 
provided that a Fixed Cap shall exclude a limit or cap determined by reference to a formula with 
one or more variable inputs (and for these purposes, the outstanding principal or other amounts 
payable pursuant to the Underlying Obligation shall not be considered to be variable inputs);

--- Page 111 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 109 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Fractional Entitlement" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 5.2G(h) (Fractional 
Entitlement); 
"Full Quotation" means a firm quotation (expressed as a percentage of the outstanding principal 
balance) obtained from a Dealer at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably practicable, for an 
amount of any Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligation with an Outstanding Principal 
Balance or Due and Payable Amount equal to the Quotation Amount; 
"Fully Transferable Obligation" means a Deliverable Obligation that is either Transferable, in 
the case of Bonds, or capable of being assigned or novated to all Eligible Transferees without the 
consent of any person being required, in the case of any Deliverable Obligation other than Bonds, 
in each case as of both the NOPS effective Date and the Delivery Date. Any requirement that 
notification of novation, assignment or transfer of a Deliverable Obligation be provided to a trustee, 
fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent or paying agent for a Deliverable Obligation shall 
not be considered to be a requirement for consent for purposes of this definition; 
"Further Subordinated Obligation" means, if the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation, any obligation which is Subordinated 
thereto; 
"Governmental Authority" means: 
(a) 
any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, instrumentality, ministry or department thereof); 
(b) 
any court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental, inter-governmental or supranational 
body; 
(c) 
any authority or any other entity (private or public) either designated as a resolution authority or 
charged with the regulation or supervision of the financial markets (including a central bank) of 
the Reference Entity or some or all of its obligations; or 
(d) 
any other authority which is analogous to any of the entities specified in (a) to (c) above; 
"Governmental Intervention" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs as a result of action taken or an announcement made by a Governmental Authority 
pursuant to, or by means of, a restructuring and resolution law or regulation (or any other similar 
law or regulation), in each case, applicable to the Reference Entity in a form which is binding, 
irrespective of whether such event is expressly provided for under the terms of such Obligation: 
(a) 
any event which would affect creditors' rights so as to cause: 
(i) 
a reduction in the rate of amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled 
interest accruals (including by way of redenomination); 
(ii) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(iii) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (I) the payment or 
accrual of interest, or (II) the payment of principal or premium; 
(iv) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the 
Subordination of such Obligation to any other Obligation; 
(b) 
an expropriation, transfer or other event which mandatorily changes the beneficial holder of the 
Obligation; 
(c) 
a mandatory cancellation, conversion or exchange; or 
(d) 
any event which has analogous effect to any of the effects specified above, 
For the purposes of this definition, the term Obligation shall be deemed to include Underlying 
Obligation for which the Reference Entity is acting as provider of a Guarantee;

--- Page 112 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 110 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Grace Period" means: 
(a) 
subject to paragraphs (b) and (c) below, the applicable grace period with respect to payments under 
the relevant Obligation under the terms of such Obligation in effect as of the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred; 
(b) 
if Grace Period Extension is specified in the Final Terms in relation to the relevant Reference Entity 
as applicable, a Potential Failure to Pay has occurred on or prior to the Scheduled Termination 
Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant 
Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 
Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) and the applicable grace period cannot, by its terms, expire on 
or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, 
if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as 
such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), the Grace Period shall be 
deemed to be the lesser of such grace period and the period specified as such in the Final Terms 
or, if no period is specified, thirty calendar days; and 
(c) 
if, at the date as of which an obligation is issued or incurred, no grace period with respect to 
payments or a grace period with respect to payments of less than three Grace Period Business Days 
is applicable under the terms of such Obligation, a Grace Period of three Grace Period Business 
Days shall be deemed to apply to such Obligation, provided that, unless Grace Period Extension 
is specified in the Final Terms as applicable in relation to the relevant Reference Entity, such 
deemed Grace Period shall expire no later than the Scheduled Termination Date; 
"Grace Period Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are generally open to settle payments in the place or places and on the days specified for 
that purpose in the relevant Obligation or, if a place or places are not so specified (a) if the 
Obligation Currency is the euro, a TARGET Business Day, or (b) otherwise, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are generally open to settle payments in the 
principal financial city in the jurisdiction of the Obligation Currency; 
"Grace Period Extension Date" means, if (a) Grace Period Extension is specified in the Final 
Terms as applicable in relation to a Reference Entity and (b) a Potential Failure to Pay occurs on 
or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time 
(or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign 
(as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)), the date that is the 
number of days in the Grace Period after the date of such Potential Failure to Pay. If Grace Period 
Extension is not specified in the Final Terms as applicable in relation to the relevant Reference 
Entity, Grace Period Extension shall not apply; 
"Guarantee" means a Relevant Guarantee or a guarantee which is the Reference Obligation; 
"Hedge Transaction" means any transaction or trading position entered into or held by the Issuer 
and/or any of its Affiliates to hedge, directly or indirectly, the Issuer's obligations or positions 
(whether in whole or in part) in respect of the Notes or any hypothetical transaction or trading 
position relating to the Issuer's obligations or positions (whether in whole or in part) in respect of 
the Notes, as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Initial CDS Spread" means the fixed coupon received by the Seller of the relevant CDS or paid 
by the purchaser of the relevant CDS (as the case may be), and specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor 
thereto); 
"Largest Asset Package" means, in respect of a Prior Deliverable Obligation or a Package 
Observable Bond, as the case may be, the package of Assets for which the greatest amount of 
principal has been or will be exchanged or converted (including by way of amendment), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to Eligible Information. If this cannot be 
determined, the Largest Asset Package, will be the package of Assets with the highest immediately

--- Page 113 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 111 -
70-41019079 
 
 
realisable value, determined by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology, if any, 
determined by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determination Committee; 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means the date that, in respect of Condition 
5.2G(g)(ii) (Partial Cash Settlement due to impossibility, impracticability or illegality), is 30 
calendar days after the Physical Settlement Date; 
"Limitation Date" means the first of March 20, June 20, September 20 or December 20 in any 
year to occur on or immediately following the date that is one of the following numbers of years 
after the Restructuring Date: 2.5 years (the "2.5-year Limitation Date"), 5 years, 7.5 years, 10 
years (the "10-year Limitation Date"), 12.5 years, 15 years, or 20 years, as applicable. Limitation 
Dates shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention unless 
the parties specify in the Final Terms that Limitation Dates will be adjusted in accordance with a 
specified Business Day Convention; 
"Listed" means an obligation that is quoted, listed or ordinarily purchased and sold on an exchange; 
"Loan" means any obligation of a type included in the Borrowed Money Obligation Category that 
is documented by a term loan agreement, revolving loan agreement or other similar credit 
agreement and shall not include any other type of Borrowed Money; 
"London Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which commercial banks 
are generally open for business in London; 
"LPN Reference Obligation" means each Reference Obligation other than any Additional 
Obligation which is issued for the sole purpose of providing funds to the LPN Issuer to finance an 
Underlying Loan. For the avoidance of doubt, any change to the issuer of an LPN Reference 
Obligation in accordance with its terms shall not prevent such LPN Reference Obligation from 
constituting a Reference Obligation; 
"Market Value" means, with respect to a Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligation on a 
Valuation Date, the price determined by the Calculation Agent on the basis of bid Quotations 
provided by Dealers and expressed as a percentage of the Reference Obligation's Outstanding 
Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, with respect to a Valuation Date; 
"Maximum Maturity" means an obligation that has a remaining maturity of not greater than the 
period specified in relation to a Reference Entity in the Final Terms (or, if no such period is 
specified, 30 years); 
"Minimum Quotation Amount" means the amount specified in relation to a Reference Entity in 
the Final Terms or its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency (or, if no amount is specified, 
the lower of (a) U.S.$1,000,000 (or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency), and (b) the 
Quotation Amount); 
"M(M)R Restructuring" means a Restructuring Credit Event in respect of which either "Mod R" 
or "Mod Mod R" is specified as applicable in the Final Terms; 
"Modified Eligible Transferee" means any bank, financial institution or other entity which is 
regularly engaged in or established for the purpose of making, purchasing or investing in loans, 
securities and other financial assets; 
"Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable 
Obligation or Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following 
the Scheduled Termination Date. 
Subject to the foregoing, if the Scheduled Termination Date is later than the 10-year Limitation 
Date, the Modified Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date will be the Scheduled Termination 
Date.

--- Page 114 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 112 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Multiple Holder Obligation" means an Obligation that: 
(a) 
at the time of the event which constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event is held by more than three 
holders that are not Affiliates of each other; and 
(b) 
with respect to which a percentage of holders (determined pursuant to the terms of such Obligation 
as in effect on the date of such event) at least equal to sixty-six-and-two-thirds is required to 
consent to the event that constitutes a Restructuring Credit Event, 
provided that any Obligation that is a Bond shall be deemed to satisfy the requirement in 
paragraph (b) above; 
"Next Currency Fixing Time" means such time on any day on or prior to the Delivery Date or, 
as applicable, Cash Settlement Date, as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion; 
"No Auction Announcement Date" means, with respect to a Credit Event, the date on which the 
DC Secretary first publicly announces that: 
(a) 
no Transaction Auction Settlement Terms and, if applicable, no Parallel Auction Settlement Terms 
will be published; 
(b) 
following the occurrence of an M(M)R Restructuring no Transaction Settlement Terms will be 
published, but Parallel Auction Settlement Terms will be published; or 
(c) 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that no Auction will be 
held following a prior public announcement by the DC Secretary to the contrary where either (i) 
no Parallel Action will be held, or (ii) one or more Parallel Auctions will be held; 
"Non-Conforming Reference Obligation" means a Reference Obligation which is not a 
Conforming Reference Obligation; 
"Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation" means an obligation which would be a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of 
"Deliverable Obligation" on the Substitution Date but for one or more of the same reasons which 
resulted in the Reference Obligation constituting a Non-Conforming Reference Obligation on the 
date it was issued or incurred and/or immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date (as 
applicable); 
"Non-Financial Instrument" means any Asset which is not of the type typically traded in, or 
suitable for being traded in, financial markets; 
"Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
or, if a Substitute Reference Obligation has been determined, the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Non-Transferable Instrument" means any Asset which is not capable of being transferred to 
institutional investors, excluding due to market conditions; 
"NOPS Effective Date" means the date on which an effective Notice of Physical Settlement or 
NOPS Amendment Notice, as the case may be, is delivered by the Calculation Agent; 
"Not Bearer" means any obligation that is not a bearer instrument unless interests with respect to 
such bearer instrument are cleared via the Euroclear system, Clearstream International or any other 
internationally recognised clearing system; 
"Not Domestic Currency" means any obligation that is payable in any currency other than the 
Domestic Currency, provided that a Standard Specified Currency shall not constitute a Domestic 
Currency; 
"Not Domestic Issuance" means any obligation other than an obligation that was issued (or 
reissued, as the case may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market 
of the Reference Entity. Any obligation that is registered or, as a result of some other action having 
been taken for such purpose, is qualified for sale outside the domestic market of the Reference

--- Page 115 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 113 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Entity (regardless of whether such obligation is also registered or qualified for sale within the 
domestic market of the Reference Entity) shall be deemed not to be issued (or reissued, as the case 
may be), or intended to be offered for sale primarily in the domestic market of the Reference Entity; 
"Not Domestic Law" means any obligation that is not governed by the applicable Domestic Law, 
provided that the laws of England and the laws of the State of New York shall not constitute a 
Domestic Law; 
"Not Sovereign Lender" means any obligation that is not primarily owed to (A) a Sovereign or 
(B) any entity or organisation established by treaty or other arrangement between two or more 
Sovereigns including, without limiting the foregoing, the International Monetary Fund, European 
Central Bank, International Bank for Reconstruction and Development and European Bank for 
Reconstruction and Development, which shall include, without limitation, obligations generally 
referred to as "Paris Club debt"; 
"Not Subordinated" means an obligation that is not Subordinated to (a) the Reference Obligation 
or, (b) the Prior Reference Obligation, if applicable; 
"Notice Delivery Date" means the first date on which both an effective Credit Event Notice and, 
unless "Notice of Publically Available Information" is specified as not applicable in the related 
Final Terms, an effective Notice of Publicly Available Information, have been delivered by the 
Calculation Agent to the Noteholders; 
"Notice Delivery Period" means the period from and including the Trade Date to and including 
the second Business Day falling after the date that is 14 calendar days after the Extension Date; 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" means a notice (which may be in writing (including by facsimile 
and/or email) and/or by telephone) that: 
(a) 
irrevocably confirms that the Issuer will redeem the Notes by physical delivery; 
(b) 
contains a detailed description of each Deliverable Obligations that the Issuer will Deliver (or 
procure Delivery of) to the Noteholders including if available and applicable the CUSIP or ISIN 
number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor) of each such Deliverable 
Obligation; and 
(c) 
specifies the Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, or the 
equivalent amount in the Settlement Currency (in each case, the "Outstanding Amount") and, if 
different, the face amount of each such Deliverable Obligation and the aggregate Outstanding 
Amount of all Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement that the 
Calculation Agent intends to deliver to the Noteholders. 
The Notice of Physical Settlement may be substantially in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto 
with any amendments as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent from time to time. 
The Calculation Agent may, from time to time, notify the Noteholders in the manner specified 
above (each such notification, a "NOPS Amendment Notice") that the Issuer is replacing, in whole 
or in part, one or more Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical Settlement or a 
prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, (to the extent the relevant Deliverable Obligation 
has not been Delivered as of the date such NOPS Amendment Notice is effective) or the detailed 
description(s) thereof. A NOPS Amendment Notice shall contain a revised detailed description of 
each replacement Deliverable Obligation that the Issuer will, subject to Condition 5.2G, Deliver to 
the Noteholders (each, a "Replacement Deliverable Obligation") and shall also specify the 
Outstanding Amount of each Deliverable Obligation identified in the Notice of Physical Settlement 
or a prior NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, that is being replaced (with respect to each 
such Deliverable Obligation, the "Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount"). The 
Outstanding Amount of each Replacement Deliverable Obligation identified in a NOPS 
Amendment Notice shall be determined by applying the Revised Currency Rate to the relevant 
Replaced Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount. The Outstanding Amount of the 
Replacement Deliverable Obligations specified in any NOPS Amendment Notice in aggregate with 
the Outstanding Amount of the Deliverable Obligations specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any earlier NOPS Amendment Notice which, in each case are not being replaced

--- Page 116 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 114 -
70-41019079 
 
 
must not be greater than the Aggregate Outstanding Amount. Each such NOPS Amendment Notice 
must be effective on or prior to the Physical Settlement Date (determined without reference to any 
change resulting from such NOPS Amendment Notice). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, (i) the Calculation Agent may correct any errors or inconsistencies 
in the detailed description of each Deliverable Obligation contained in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or any NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, by notice to the Noteholders (given in 
the manner specified above) prior to the relevant Delivery Date and (ii) if Asset Package Delivery 
is applicable, Buyer shall on the NOPS Effective Date, or as soon as reasonably practicable 
thereafter (but in any case, prior to the Delivery Date), notify the Noteholders of the detailed 
description of the Asset Package, if any, that it intends to Deliver to the Noteholders in lieu of the 
Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond, if any, specified in the Notice of 
Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable, it being understood that such 
notice of correction shall not constitute a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
The NOPS Amendment Notice may be substantially in the form in the relevant Appendix hereto 
with any amendments as determined by the Issuer or the Calculation Agent from time to time; 
"Notice of Publicly Available Information" means an irrevocable notice (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) from the Calculation Agent to 
the Noteholders that cites Publicly Available Information confirming the occurrence of the Credit 
Event or Potential Repudiation/Moratorium, as applicable, described in the Credit Event Notice or 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice. The notice given must contain a copy, or a description 
in reasonable detail, of the relevant Publicly Available Information. If "Notice of Publicly 
Available Information" is applicable and a Credit Event Notice or Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice, as applicable, contains Publicly Available Information, such Credit Event Notice 
or Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice will also be deemed to be a Notice of Publicly 
Available Information. 
"Obligation" means: 
(a) 
each obligation of each Reference Entity described by the Obligation Category specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and having each of the Obligation Characteristics, if any, specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in each case immediately prior to the Credit Event which is the subject of 
either the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Question resulting in the occurrence of the 
Credit Event Resolution Request Date, as applicable;  
(b) 
the Reference Obligation; and 
(c) 
if specified in the applicable Final Terms, any Derivatives Obligation or SFT Obligation, 
in each case, unless it is an Excluded Obligation; 
"Obligation Acceleration" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than 
the Default Requirement have become due and payable before they would otherwise have been 
due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, event of default or 
other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to make any required 
payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations; 
"Obligation Category" means Payment, Borrowed Money, Reference Obligations Only, Bond, 
Loan, or Bond or Loan, only one of which shall be specified in the Final Terms in relation to a 
Reference Entity; 
"Obligation Characteristics" means any one or more of Not Subordinated, Specified Currency, 
Not Sovereign Lender, Not Domestic Currency, Not Domestic Law, Listed and Not Domestic 
Issuance as specified in the Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity; 
"Obligation Currency" means, with respect to an Obligation, the currency in which the Obligation 
is denominated; 
"Obligation Default" means one or more Obligations in an aggregate amount of not less than the 
Default Requirement have become capable of being declared due and payable before they would

--- Page 117 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 115 -
70-41019079 
 
 
otherwise have been due and payable as a result of, or on the basis of, the occurrence of a default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event (however described), other than a failure to 
make any required payment, in respect of the Reference Entity under one or more Obligations; 
"Original Non-Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity 
(either directly or as provider of a guarantee) which is specified as the Reference Obligation in the 
related Final Terms (if any is so specified) provided that if an obligation is not an obligation of 
the Reference Entity, such obligation will not constitute a valid Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation for purposes of the Notes (other than for the purposes of determining the Seniority 
Level and for the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable 
Obligation Characteristic) unless otherwise specified in the related Final Terms; 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means 
(1)  
where Narrowly Tailored Credit Event is not specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, in 
respect of an obligation, an amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest, 
the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a 
Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any); 
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of 
the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined pursuant to sub-
paragraph (a) above less any amounts subtracted in accordance with accordance with this sub-
paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent Amount"); and 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(a) 
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) the 
NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior 
to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(b) 
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as 
such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value 
of the obligation); and 
(2)   
where Narrowly Tailored Credit Event is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, in respect 
of an obligation, an amount calculated as follows: 
(a) 
first, by determining, in respect of the obligation, the amount of the Reference Entity's principal 
payment obligations and, where applicable in accordance with the definition of Accrued Interest, 
the Reference Entity's accrued but unpaid interest payment obligations (which, in the case of a 
Guarantee will be the lower of (A) the Outstanding Principal Balance (including accrued but unpaid 
interest, where applicable) of the Underlying Obligation (determined as if references to the 
Reference Entity were references to the Underlying Obligor) and (B) the amount of the Fixed Cap, 
if any);  
(b) 
second, by subtracting all or any portion of such amount which, pursuant to the terms of the 
obligation, (A) is subject to any Prohibited Action, or (B) may otherwise be reduced as a result of 
the effluxion of time or the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event or circumstance (other than 
by way of (I) payment or (II) a Permitted Contingency) (the amount determined in sub-paragraph 
(a) less any amounts subtracted in accordance with this sub-paragraph (b), the "Non-Contingent 
Amount"); and

--- Page 118 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 116 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(c) 
third, by determining the Quantum of the Claim, which shall then constitute the Outstanding 
Principal Balance, 
in each case, determined: 
(i)  
unless otherwise specified, in accordance with the terms of the obligation in effect on either (I) the 
NOPS Effective Date (or if the terms of the obligation are amended after such date but on or prior 
to the Delivery Date, the Delivery Date), or (II) the Valuation Date, as applicable; and 
(ii)  
with respect to the Quantum of the Claim only, in accordance with any applicable laws (insofar as 
such laws reduce or discount the size of the claim to reflect the original issue price or accrued value 
of the obligation). 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (ii) above, "applicable laws" shall include any bankruptcy or 
insolvency law or other law affecting creditors’ rights to which the relevant obligation is, or may 
become, subject. 
If "Fallback Discounting" is specified as "Applicable" in the Final Terms, then notwithstanding the 
above, if (I) the Outstanding Principal Balance of an obligation is not reduced or discounted under 
sub-paragraph (ii) above, (II) that obligation is either a Bond that has an issue price less than ninety-
five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or a Loan where the amount advanced is less 
than ninety-five per cent. of the principal repayment amount, and (III) such Bond or Loan does not 
include provisions relating to the accretion over time of the amount which would be payable on an 
early redemption or repayment of such Bond or Loan that are customary for the applicable type of 
Bond or Loan as the case may be, then the Outstanding Principal Balance of such Bond or Loan 
shall be the lesser of (a) the Non-Contingent Amount; and (b) an amount determined by straight 
line interpolation between the issue price of the Bond or the amount advanced under the Loan and 
the principal redemption amount or principal repayment amount, as applicable. 
For the purposes of determining whether the issue price of a Bond or the amount advanced under 
a Loan is less than ninety-five per cent. of the principal redemption amount or principal repayment 
amount (as applicable) or, where applicable, for applying straight line interpolation: 
(x)  
where such Bond or Loan was issued as a result of an exchange offer, the issue price or 
amount advanced of the new Bond or Loan resulting from the exchange shall be deemed 
to be equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of the original obligation(s) 
that were tendered or exchanged (the "Original Obligation(s)") at the time of such 
exchange (determined without regard to market or trading value of the Original 
Obligation(s)); and 
(y) 
in the case of a Bond or Loan that is fungible with a prior debt obligation previously 
issued by the Reference Entity, such Bond or Loan shall be treated as having the same 
issue price or amount advanced as the prior debt obligation. 
In circumstances where a holder would have received more than one obligation in exchange for 
the Original Obligation(s), the Calculation Agent will determine the allocation of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Balance of the Original Obligation(s) amongst each of the resulting 
obligations for the purpose of determining the issue price or amount advanced of the relevant Bond 
or Loan. Such allocation will take into account the interest rate, maturity, level of subordination 
and other terms of the obligations that resulted from the exchange and shall be made by the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the methodology (if any) determined by the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee; 
"Package Observable Bond" means, in respect of a Reference Entity which is a Sovereign, any 
obligation (a) which is identified as such and published by ISDA on its website at www.isda.org 
from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated by ISDA on its 
website from time to time and (b) which fell within paragraphs (a) or (b) of the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date on which the relevant Asset 
Package Credit Event was legally effective; 
"Parallel Auction" means "Auction" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms;

--- Page 119 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 117 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Parallel Auction Cancellation Date" means "Auction Cancellation Date" as defined in the 
relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Parallel Auction Final Price" means "Auction Final Price" as defined in the relevant Parallel 
Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Parallel Auction Final Price Determination Date" means "Auction Final Price Determination 
Date" as defined in the relevant Parallel Auction Settlement Terms; 
"Parallel Auction Settlement Terms" means, following the occurrence of an M(M)R 
Restructuring, any Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms published by ISDA with respect 
to such M(M)R Restructuring, and for which the Deliverable Obligation Terms are the same as the 
Deliverable Obligation Provisions applicable to a credit derivative transaction (including any 
Hedge Transaction) and for which such credit derivative transaction (including any Hedge 
Transaction) would not be an Auction Covered Transaction; 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" means, for each Undeliverable Obligation, the greater of (A) 
the product of the Outstanding Principal Balance, Due and Payable Amount or Currency Amount, 
as applicable, of each Undeliverable Obligation multiplied by the Final Price of such Undeliverable 
Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent and (B) zero; 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms, or, if such date is 
not so specified, means the date that is three Business Days after the calculation of the Final Price; 
"Payment" means any obligation (whether present or future, contingent or otherwise) for the 
payment or repayment of money, including, without limitation, Borrowed Money; 
"Payment Requirement" means the amount specified in the Final Terms or its equivalent in the 
Obligation Currency or, if no such amount is specified, U.S.$1,000,000 or its equivalent in the 
Obligation Currency (or as specified in relation to a "Participation CLN"), in each case as of the 
occurrence of the relevant Failure to Pay; 
"Permissible Deliverable Obligations" has the meaning set forth in the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms, being either all or the portion of the Deliverable 
Obligations included on the Final List pursuant to the Deliverable Obligation Terms that are 
applicable to that Auction; 
"Permitted Contingency" means, with respect to an obligation, any reduction to the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations: 
(a) 
as a result of the application of: 
(i) 
any provisions allowing a transfer, pursuant to which another party may assume 
all of the payment obligations of the Reference Entity; 
(ii) 
provisions implementing the Subordination of the obligation; 
(iii) 
provisions allowing for a Permitted Transfer in the case of a Qualifying Guarantee 
(or provisions allowing for the release of the Reference Entity from its payment 
obligations in the case of any other Guarantee); 
(iv) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance Terms" is 
specified as applicable in the related Final Terms; or 
(v) 
provisions which permit the Reference Entity's obligations to be altered, 
discharged, released or suspended in circumstances which would constitute a 
Governmental Intervention, if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as 
applicable in the related Final Terms; or 
(b) 
which is within the control of the holders of the obligation or a third party acting on their behalf 
(such as an agent or trustee) in exercising their rights under or in respect of such obligation;

--- Page 120 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 118 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Permitted Transfer" means, with respect to a Qualifying Guarantee, a transfer to and the 
assumption by any single transferee of such Qualifying Guarantee (including by way of 
cancellation and execution of a new guarantee) on the same or substantially the same terms, in 
circumstances where there is also a transfer of all (or substantially all) of the assets of the Reference 
Entity to the same single transferee; 
"Physical Settlement Adjustment" means a reduction to the Outstanding Amount of Deliverable 
Obligations specified in a Notice of Physical Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, by an 
amount of Deliverable Obligations having a liquidation value equal to the Aggregate Break Costs 
(as defined in the definition of "Break Costs") or its equivalent in the Obligation Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, rounded upwards to the nearest whole 
denomination of the relevant Deliverable Obligation, such amount to be determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the last day of the longest Physical Settlement Period following 
the NOPS Cut-Off Date; 
"Physical Settlement Matrix" means the Credit Derivatives Physical Settlement Matrix 
Supplement to the Credit Derivatives Definitions, as most recently amended or supplemented as at 
the Issue Date (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity) and 
as published by ISDA, currently at http://www.isda.org, provided that any reference therein to (a) 
"Confirmation" shall be deemed to be a reference to the applicable Final Terms, (b) "Floating Rate 
Payer Calculation Amount" shall be deemed to be a reference to the Specified Currency, (c) 
"Section 3.3 of the Definitions" shall be deemed to be a reference to "Credit Event Notice" as 
defined in this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex, (d) "Section 3.9" shall be deemed to be a 
reference to Condition 5.2H(a) (Multiple Credit Event Notices) and (e) "Section 8.6" shall be 
deemed to be a reference to "Physical Settlement Period" as defined in this Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex; 
"Physical Settlement Period" means, subject to Condition 5.2B(b) (Settlement Suspension 
following Credit Event Resolution Request Date), the number of Business Days specified as such 
in the Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity or, if a number of Business Days is not so 
specified, then, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation specified in the Notice of Physical 
Settlement or NOPS Amendment Notice, the longest number of Business Days for settlement in 
accordance with then current market practice of such Deliverable Obligation, as the Calculation 
Agent shall determine, provided that if the Issuer or Calculation Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that the Issuer intends to Deliver an Asset Package in lieu of a Prior Deliverable 
Obligation or a Package Observable Bond, the Physical Settlement Period shall be 30 Business 
Days; 
"Post Dismissal Additional Period" means the period from and including the date of the DC 
Credit Event Question Dismissal to and including the date that is fourteen calendar days thereafter 
(provided that the relevant Credit Event Resolution Request Date occurred on or prior to the end 
of the last day of the Notice Delivery Period (including prior to the Trade Date)). 
"Potential Credit Event" means, and shall be deemed to have occurred, if the Calculation Agent 
determines that: 
(a) 
a Credit Event; 
(b) 
a Potential Failure to Pay if (i) Grace Period Extension is specified as applicable in relation to any 
Reference Entity, and/or (ii) Failure to Pay is an applicable Credit Event in relation to such 
Reference Entity; and/or 
(c) 
a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium if Repudiation/Moratorium is an applicable Credit Event in 
relation to any Reference Entity, 
(in each of paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) above) has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if 
the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan

--- Page 121 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 119 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
and/or 
(d) 
a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the last day of 
the Notice Delivery Period; 
"Potential Credit Event Notice" means: 
(a) 
a Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice; 
(b) 
a notice (which may be in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) from 
the Calculation Agent to the Noteholders, at or prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on or prior to the 
second London Business Day following the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)), that a Credit Event or Potential Failure to Pay has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such 
terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); or 
(c) 
a notice (which may be in writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) from 
the Calculation Agent to the Noteholders, at or prior to 5.00 p.m. (London time) on or prior to the 
second London Business Day following the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference 
to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan 
Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo 
time)), that a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred or may occur on or prior to the 
last day of the Notice Delivery Period. 
A Potential Credit Event Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices contained 
in Condition 5.2L(e) (Effectiveness of Notices); 
"Potential Failure to Pay" means the failure by the Reference Entity to make, when and where 
due, any payments in an aggregate amount of not less than the Payment Requirement under one or 
more Obligations in accordance with the terms of such Obligations at the time of such failure, 
without regard to any grace period or any conditions precedent to the commencement of any grace 
period applicable to such Obligations; 
"Potential Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of an event described in paragraph 
(i) of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium; 
"Prior Deliverable Obligation" means: 
(a) 
if a Governmental Intervention has occurred (whether or not such event is specified as the 
applicable Credit Event in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), any 
obligation of the Reference Entity which (i) existed immediately prior to such Governmental 
Intervention, (ii) was the subject of such Governmental Intervention and (iii) fell within paragraphs 
(a) or (b) of the definition of Deliverable Obligation, in each case, immediately preceding the date 
on which such Governmental Intervention was legally effective; or 
(b) 
if a Restructuring which does not constitute a Governmental Intervention has occurred in respect 
of the Reference Obligation (whether or not such event is specified as the applicable Credit Event 
in the Credit Event Notice or the DC Credit Event Announcement), such Reference Obligation, if 
any; 
"Prior Reference Obligation" means, in circumstances where there is no Reference Obligation 
applicable to the Notes, (I) the Reference Obligation most recently applicable thereto, if any, and 
otherwise, (II) the obligation specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Reference Obligation, if 
any, if such Reference Obligation was redeemed on or prior to the Trade Date and otherwise, (III) 
any unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity;

--- Page 122 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 120 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Private-side Loan" means a Loan in respect of which the documentation governing its terms is 
not publicly available or capable of being made public without violating a law, agreement, 
understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information; 
"Prohibited Action" means any counterclaim, defence (other than a counterclaim or defence based 
on the factors set forth in paragraphs (a) to (d) of the definition of Credit Event) or right of setoff 
by or of the Reference Entity or any applicable Underlying Obligor; 
"Publicly Available Information" means information that reasonably confirms any of the facts 
relevant to the determination that the Credit Event described in a Credit Event Notice has occurred 
and which (a) has been published in or on not less than two internationally recognised published 
or electronically displayed news sources, regardless of whether the reader or user thereof pays a 
fee to obtain such information; provided that, if the Issuer or any of its Affiliates is cited as the 
sole source of such information, then such information shall not be deemed to be Publicly Available 
Information unless the Issuer or its Affiliate is acting in its capacity as trustee, fiscal agent, 
administrative agent, clearing agent, paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, 
(b) is information received from or published by (i) the relevant Reference Entity (or if the 
Reference Entity is a Sovereign, any agency, instrumentality, ministry, department or other 
authority thereof acting in a governmental capacity (including, without limiting the forgoing, the 
Central Bank) of such Sovereign) (ii) a trustee, fiscal agent, administrative agent, clearing agent, 
paying agent, facility agent or agent bank for an Obligation, or (c) is information contained in any 
order, decree, notice or filing however described, of or filed with a court, tribunal, exchange, 
regulatory authority or similar administrative or judicial body, provided that: 
(a) 
where any information of the type described in (b) or (c) above is not publicly available, it can 
constitute Publicly Available Information if it can be made public without violating any law, 
agreement, understanding or other restriction regarding the confidentiality of such information; 
(b) 
in relation to any information of the type described in (b) or (c) above, each Noteholder may assume 
that such information has been disclosed to it without violating any law, agreement or 
understanding regarding the confidentiality of such information and that the Calculation Agent has 
not taken any action or entered into any agreement or understanding with the Reference Entity or 
any Affiliate of the Reference Entity that would be breached by, or would prevent, the disclosure 
of such information to the party receiving such information; 
(c) 
Publicly Available Information need not state (a) in relation to a Downstream Affiliate, the 
percentage of Voting Shares owned, directly or indirectly by the Reference Entity and (b) that such 
occurrence (I) has met the Payment Requirement or Default Requirement, (II) is the result of 
exceeding any applicable Grace Period or (III) has met the subjective criteria specified in certain 
Credit Events; and 
(d) 
in relation to a Repudiation/Moratorium Credit Event, Publicly Available Information must relate 
to the events described in both limbs of the definition of Repudiation/Moratorium; 
"Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee" means a Qualifying Guarantee provided by the Reference 
Entity in respect of an Underlying Obligation of a Downstream Affiliate of the Reference Entity; 
"Qualifying Guarantee" means a guarantee evidenced by a written instrument (which may include 
a statute or regulation), pursuant to which the Reference Entity irrevocably agrees, undertakes, or 
is otherwise obliged to pay all amounts of principal and interest (except for amounts which are not 
covered due to the existence of a Fixed Cap) due under an Underlying Obligation for which the 
Underlying Obligor is the obligor, by guarantee of payment and not by guarantee of collection (or, 
in either case, any legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form under the relevant 
governing law). 
A Qualifying Guarantee shall not include any guarantee: 
(a) 
which is structured as a surety bond, financial guarantee insurance policy or letter of credit (or any 
legal arrangement which is equivalent thereto in form); or

--- Page 123 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 121 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
pursuant to the terms applicable thereto, the principal payment obligations of the Reference Entity 
can be discharged, released, reduced, assigned or otherwise altered as a result of the occurrence or 
non-occurrence of an event or circumstance, in each case, other than: 
(i) 
by payment; 
(ii) 
by way of Permitted Transfer; 
(iii) 
by operation of law; 
(iv) 
due to the existence of a Fixed Cap; or 
(v) 
due to: 
(A) 
provisions permitting or anticipating a Governmental Intervention, if 
"Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
any Solvency Capital Provisions, if "Subordinated European Insurance 
Terms" is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
If the guarantee or Underlying Obligation contains provisions relating to the discharge, 
release, reduction, assignment or other alteration of the principal payment obligations of 
the Reference Entity and such provisions have ceased to apply or are suspended at the time 
of the relevant determination, in accordance with the terms of such guarantee or 
Underlying Obligation, due to or following the occurrence of (I) a non payment in respect 
of the guarantee or the Underlying Obligation, or (II) an event of the type described in the 
definition of "Bankruptcy" in respect of the Reference Entity or the Underlying Obligor, 
then it shall be deemed for these purposes that such cessation or suspension is permanent, 
notwithstanding the terms of the guarantee or Underlying Obligation. 
In order for a guarantee to constitute a Qualifying Guarantee: 
(x) 
the benefit of such guarantee must be capable of being Delivered together with 
the Delivery of the Underlying Obligation; and 
(y) 
if a guarantee contains a Fixed Cap, all claims to any amounts which are subject 
to such Fixed Cap must be capable of being Delivered together with the Delivery 
of such guarantee; 
"Qualifying Participation Seller" means any participation seller that meets the requirements 
specified in the Final Terms in relation to a Reference Entity. If no such requirements are specified, 
there shall be no Qualifying Participation Seller; 
"Quantum of the Claim" means the lowest amount of the claim which could be validly asserted 
against the Reference Entity in respect of the Non-Contingent Amount if the obligation had become 
redeemable, been accelerated, terminated or had otherwise become due and payable at the time of 
the relevant determination, provided that the Quantum of the Claim cannot exceed the Non-
Contingent Amount; 
"Quotation" means each Full Quotation and the Weighted Average Quotation obtained and 
expressed in the manner set out in the definition of Market Value; 
"Quotation Amount" means the sum so specified in the Final Terms in relation to a Reference 
Entity (which may be specified by reference to an amount in a currency or by reference to 
Representative Amount) or, if no amount is so specified, the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount or, if the Calculation Agent selects more than one Valuation Obligation with respect to a 
Reference Entity, the relevant outstanding principal balance apportioned to such Valuation 
Obligation (or, in either case, its equivalent in the relevant Obligation Currency which shall be 
converted by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable manner by reference to exchange 
rates in effect at the time that the relevant Quotation is being obtained);

--- Page 124 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 122 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Quotation Method" means that only bid quotations shall be requested from Dealers in obtaining 
Quotations; 
"Reference Entity" means the entity specified as such in the Final Terms. Any Successor to the 
Reference Entity either (a) as identified by the Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition 
of "Successor" on or following the Trade Date; or (b) at the Issuer's option, identified pursuant to 
a DC Resolution in respect of a Successor Resolution Request Date and publicly announced by the 
DC Secretary on or following the Trade Date shall, in each case, with effect from the Succession 
Date, be a Reference Entity for the Notes, as the terms of which may be modified pursuant to 
Condition 5.2K (Succession Event); 
"Reference Entity Notional Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Final Terms, 
provided that if 'Amortising Reference Obligation' is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, and, at any time, the Reference Obligation has been redeemed in part pursuant to any of 
the terms and conditions thereof that provide for the redemption of the Reference Obligation in 
instalments, then the Reference Entity Notional Amount in respect of such time means the amount 
specified as such in the Final Terms as adjusted to take account of such redemption in part, as 
determined by the Issuer in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Obligation" means, in respect of a Reference Entity and subject to the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
for the purposes of "Terms relating to Cash Settlement" or "Terms relating to Physical 
Settlement and Delivery", an obligation of the Reference Entity satisfying the definition of 
Deliverable Obligation in accordance with these Additional Conditions as selected by the Issuer in 
its discretion; 
(b) 
for all other purposes (including the determination of Seniority Level), the Standard Reference 
Obligation described in the applicable Final Terms (if any are so specified or described) and any 
Substitute Reference Obligation identified in accordance with Credit Linked Condition 8.3, unless: 
(i) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as not applicable in the related Final 
Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will be the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, if any; or 
(ii) 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the related Final 
Terms (or no election is specified in the related Final Terms), (ii) there is no 
Standard Reference Obligation and (iii) a Non-Standard Reference Obligation is 
specified in the related Final Terms, in which case the Reference Obligation will 
be (A) the Non-Standard Reference Obligation to but excluding the first date of 
publication of the Standard Reference Obligation and (B) the Standard Reference 
Obligation from such date onwards, provided that the Standard Reference 
Obligation that is published would have been eligible to be selected as a Substitute 
Reference Obligation. 
"Reference Obligations Only" means any obligation that is a Reference Obligation and no 
Obligation Characteristics shall be applicable to Reference Obligations Only; 
"Reference Obligation Price" means the bid price, expressed as a percentage, of the Reference 
Obligation, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at such time, at its discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner; 
"Reference Price" means the percentage specified as such in the Final Terms, or, if a percentage 
is not so specified, one hundred per cent.; 
"Relevant City Business Day" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules; 
"Relevant Guarantee" means a Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee or, if "All Guarantees" is specified 
as applicable in the related Final Terms, a Qualifying Guarantee; 
"Relevant Holder" means a holder of the Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable 
Bond, as the case may be, with an Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as

--- Page 125 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 123 -
70-41019079 
 
 
applicable, immediately prior to the Relevant Asset Package Credit Event, equal to the Outstanding 
Amount specified in respect of such Prior Deliverable Obligation or Package Observable Bond in 
the Notice of Physical Settlement, or NOPS Amendment Notice, as applicable. 
"Relevant Obligations" means the Obligations of the Reference Entity which (i) either (a) fall 
within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan" or (b) if so specified in the Final Terms, are 
Derivatives Obligations or SFT Obligations, and (ii) which are outstanding immediately prior to 
the Succession Date (or, if there is a Steps Plan, immediately prior to the legally effective date of 
the first succession), provided that: 
(a) 
any Bonds or Loans outstanding between the Reference Entity and any of its Affiliates, or held by 
the Reference Entity, shall be excluded; 
(b) 
if there is a Steps Plan, the Calculation Agent shall, for purposes of the determination required to 
be made under Credit Linked Condition 8.1.1(i), make the appropriate adjustments required to take 
account of any Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category 
"Bond or Loan" that are issued, incurred, redeemed, repurchased or cancelled from and including 
the legally effective date of the first succession to and including the Succession Date; 
(c) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms and the 
Note is a Senior Security, the Relevant Obligations shall only include the Senior Obligations of the 
Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation Category "Bond or Loan"; and 
(d) 
if "Financial Reference Entity Terms" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms and the 
Note is a Subordinated Security, Relevant Obligations shall exclude Senior Obligations and any 
Further Subordinated Obligations of the Reference Entity which fall within the Obligation 
Category "Bond or Loan", provided that if no such Relevant Obligations exist, "Relevant 
Obligations" shall have the same meaning as it would if the Note were a Senior Security. 
"Relevant Proportion" means the proportion which the principal amount of the Note or Notes the 
subject of an Asset Transfer Notice bears to the aggregate principal amount of all Notes outstanding 
(including those the subject of the Asset Transfer Notice) immediately prior to the date set for 
redemption; 
"Replacement Reference Entity" means an entity selected by the Calculation Agent in its 
discretion which is incorporated in the same geographical area, has the same Transaction Type as 
the Legacy Reference Entity and which is of a similar or better credit quality than the Legacy 
Reference Entity, as measured by Standard & Poor's Ratings Services and/or by Moody's Investors 
Service Limited, at the date of the relevant Succession Event provided that in selecting any 
Replacement Reference Entity, the Calculation Agent is under no obligation to the Noteholders, 
the Issuer or any other person and, provided that the Successor selected meets the criteria specified 
above, is entitled, and indeed will endeavour, to select the least credit-worthy of the Successors. In 
making any selection, the Calculation Agent will not be liable to account to the Noteholders, the 
Issuer or any other person for any profit or other benefit to it or any of its affiliates which may 
result directly or indirectly from any such selection; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the 
relevant market and at the relevant time such amount to be determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Repudiation/Moratorium" means the occurrence of both the following events: (i) an authorised 
officer of the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority (I) disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates 
or rejects, in whole, or in part, or challenges the validity of, one or more Obligations in an aggregate 
amount of not less than the Default Requirement or (II) declares or imposes a moratorium, 
standstill, roll-over or deferral, whether de facto or de jure, with respect to one or more Obligations 
in an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement and (ii) a Failure to Pay, 
determined without regard to the Payment Requirement, or a Restructuring, determined without 
regard to the Default Requirement, with respect to any such Obligation occurs on or prior to the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date; 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date" means, if a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
occurs on or prior to the Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean

--- Page 126 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 124 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Time (or, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan 
Sovereign (as such terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)) (i) if the 
Obligations to which such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium relates include Bonds, the date that 
is the later of (A) the date that is 60 days after the date of such Potential Repudiation/Moratorium 
and (B) the first payment date under any such Bond after the date of such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium (or, if later, if the expiration date of any applicable Grace Period in 
respect of such payment date) and (ii) if the Obligations to which such Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium relates do not include Bonds, the date that is 60 days after the date of 
such 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
(provided 
that, 
in 
either 
case, 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Evaluation Date shall occur no later than the Scheduled Termination Date 
unless the Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition is satisfied); 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Condition" is satisfied: 
(a) 
by the delivery by the Calculation Agent to the Noteholders of a Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice and, if specified as applicable in the Final Terms, a Notice of Publicly Available 
Information that are each effective on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Date; or 
(b) 
at the Issuer's option, if the DC Secretary publicly announces, pursuant to a valid request that was 
delivered and effectively received on or prior to the date that is fourteen calendar days after the 
Scheduled Termination Date, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has 
Resolved that an event that constitutes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred with 
respect to an Obligation of the Reference Entity and that such event occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such 
terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement), Tokyo time)); 
"Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice" means an irrevocable notice (which may be in 
writing (including by facsimile and/or email) and/or by telephone) from the Calculation Agent to 
the Noteholders that describes a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium that occurred on or prior to the 
Scheduled Termination Date (determined by reference to Greenwich Mean Time (or, if the 
Transaction Type of the relevant Reference Entity is Japan Corporate or Japan Sovereign (as such 
terms are defined in the 2005 Matrix Supplement) Tokyo time)). A Repudiation/Moratorium 
Extension Notice must contain a description in reasonable detail of the facts relevant to the 
determination that a Potential Repudiation/Moratorium has occurred and indicate the date of the 
occurrence. 
The 
Potential 
Repudiation/Moratorium 
that 
is 
the 
subject 
of 
the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice need not be continuing on the date the 
Repudiation/Moratorium Extension Notice is delivered. A Repudiation/Moratorium Extension 
Notice shall be subject to the requirements regarding notices contained in Condition 5.2L(e) 
(Effectiveness of Notices); 
"Resolve" has the meaning given to that term in the DC Rules, and "Resolved" and "Resolves" 
shall be interpreted accordingly; 
"Restructured Bond or Loan" means an Obligation that is a Bond or Loan and in respect of which 
the relevant Restructuring has occurred; 
"Restructuring" means that, with respect to one or more Obligations (which, unless Multiple 
Holder Obligation is either expressed to be 'not applicable' in the relevant Final Terms or is 
otherwise deemed to be not be applicable, must be a Multiple Holder Obligation), and in relation 
to an aggregate amount of not less than the Default Requirement, any one or more of the following 
events occurs, is agreed between the Reference Entity or a Governmental Authority and the holder 
or holders of such Obligation or is announced (or otherwise decreed) by the Reference Entity or a 
Governmental Authority in a form that is binding upon a Reference Entity (including, in each case, 
in respect of Bonds only, by way of an exchange), and such event is not provided for under the 
terms of such Obligation in effect as of the later of the Credit Event Backstop Date (if specified as 
applicable in the Final Terms, or, otherwise, the Trade Date) and the date as of which such 
Obligation is issued or incurred:

--- Page 127 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 125 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(a) 
a reduction in the rate or amount of interest payable or the amount of scheduled interest accruals 
(including by way of redenomination); 
(b) 
a reduction in the amount of principal or premium payable at redemption (including by way of 
redenomination); 
(c) 
a postponement or other deferral of a date or dates for either (A) the payment or accrual of interest 
or (B) the payment of principal or premium; 
(d) 
a change in the ranking in priority of payment of any Obligation, causing the subordination of such 
Obligation; or 
(e) 
any change in the currency of any payment of interest, principal or premium, 
provided that: 
(i) 
none of the following shall constitute a Restructuring: 
(A) 
the payment in euros of interest, principal or premium in relation to an Obligation 
denominated in a currency of a Member State of the European Union that adopts 
or has adopted the single currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union; 
(B) 
the redenomination from euros into another currency, if (A) the redenomination 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority and (B) a freely available market rate of conversion 
between euros and such other currency existed at the time of such redenomination 
and there is no reduction in the rate or amount of interest, principal or premium 
payable as determined by reference to such freely available market rate of 
conversion; 
(C) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in (i) to (v) (inclusive), above, due to an administrative adjustment, accounting 
adjustment or tax adjustment or other technical adjustment occurring in the 
ordinary course of business; and 
(D) 
the occurrence of, agreement to or announcement of any of the events described 
in (a) to (e) (inclusive) above, in circumstances where such event does not directly 
or indirectly result from a deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial 
condition of the Reference Entity, provided that in respect of (e) only, no such 
deterioration in the creditworthiness or financial condition of the Reference Entity 
is required where the redenomination is from euros into another currency and 
occurs as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State 
of the European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such 
Governmental Authority; and 
(ii) 
if an exchange has occurred, the determination as to whether one of the events described 
under (a) to (e) (inclusive) above has occurred will be based on a comparison of the terms 
of the Bond immediately before such exchange and the terms of the resulting obligations 
immediately following such exchange; 
"Restructuring Date" means the date on which a Restructuring is legally effective in accordance 
with the terms of the documentation governing such Restructuring; 
"Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date" means, with respect to a Deliverable Obligation or 
Valuation Obligation, the Limitation Date occurring on or immediately following the Scheduled 
Termination Date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the final maturity date of the Restructured 
Bond or Loan with the latest final maturity date of any Restructured Bond or Loan occurs prior to 
the 2.5-year Limitation Date (such Restructured Bond or Loan, a "Latest Maturity Restructured 
Bond or Loan") and the Scheduled Termination Date occurs prior to the final maturity date of

--- Page 128 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 126 -
70-41019079 
 
 
such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan, then the Restructuring Maturity Limitation Date 
will be the final maturity date of such Latest Maturity Restructured Bond or Loan. 
"Revised Currency Rate" means, with respect to a Replacement Deliverable Obligation specified 
in a NOPS Amendment Notice, the rate of conversion between the currency in which the Replaced 
Deliverable Obligation Outstanding Amount is denominated and the currency in which the 
Outstanding Amount of such Replacement Deliverable Obligation is denominated that is 
determined either: 
(a) 
by reference to the Currency Rate Source as at the Next Currency Fixing Time; or 
(b) 
if such rate is not available at such time, by the Calculation Agent in a commercially reasonable 
manner after consultation with the parties; 
"Scheduled Instalment Date" means each Instalment Date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Scheduled Termination Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Seniority Level" means, with respect to an obligation of the Reference Entity, (a) "Senior Level" 
or "Subordinated Level" as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or (b) if no such seniority level 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, "Senior Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Senior Obligation or "Subordinated Level" if the Original Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation is a Subordinated Obligation, failing which (c) "Senior Level"; 
"Senior Obligation" means any obligation which is not Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity; 
"Senior Security" means Note for which (a) the Reference Obligation or Prior Reference 
Obligation, as applicable, is a Senior Obligation, or (b) there is no Reference Obligation or Prior 
Reference Obligation; 
"Settlement Date" means the Auction Settlement Date, the Cash Settlement Date or the Physical 
Settlement Date, as applicable; 
"Settlement Method" means either (i) Auction Settlement, (ii) Cash Settlement or (iii) Physical 
Settlement, as specified in the Final Terms, or if "Settlement Method at Issuer Option" applies, the 
settlement method in the relevant notice from the Calculation Agent; 
"SFT Obligation" means any obligation of a Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
certain type of guarantee) under a repurchase agreement or securities lending or borrowing 
agreement including, without limitation, a Global Master Repurchase Agreement (1995, 2000 or 
2011 version) or Global Master Securities Lending Agreement (2000, 2009 or 2010 version), 
including in each case the Schedule and any Addendum or Annex thereto, (each a "SFT Master 
Agreement") (and any confirmations of repurchase transactions or securities lending transactions, 
respectively, thereunder) for the payment of money or delivery of any security or commodity; 
"Solvency Capital Provisions" means any terms in an obligation which permit the Reference 
Entity's payment obligations thereunder to be deferred, suspended, cancelled, converted, reduced 
or otherwise varied and which are necessary in order for the obligation to constitute capital 
resources of a particular tier; 
"Sovereign" means any state, political subdivision or government, or any agency, instrumentality, 
ministry, department or other authority acting in a governmental capacity (including, without 
limiting the foregoing, the central bank) thereof; 
"Sovereign Restructured Deliverable Obligation" means an Obligation of a Sovereign 
Reference Entity: 
(a) 
in respect of which a Restructuring that is the subject of the relevant Credit Event Notice has 
occurred; and

--- Page 129 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 127 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
which fell within the definition of a Deliverable Obligation immediately preceding the date on 
which Restructuring is legally effective in accordance with the terms of the documentation 
governing such Restructuring; 
"Sovereign Succession Event" means, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, an 
annexation, unification, secession, partition, dissolution, consolidation, reconstitution or other 
similar event; 
"Specified Currency" means an obligation that is payable in the currency or currencies specified 
as such in the relevant Final Terms (or, if "Specified Currency" is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and no currency is so specified, any Standard Specified Currency), provided that if the 
euro is a Specified Currency, "Specified Currency" shall also include an obligation that was 
previously payable in the euro, regardless of any redenomination thereafter if such redenomination 
occurred as a result of action taken by a Governmental Authority of a Member State of the 
European Union which is of general application in the jurisdiction of such Governmental 
Authority; 
"SRO List" means the list of Standard Reference Obligations as published by ISDA on its website 
at www.isda.org from time to time (or any successor website thereto) or by a third party designated 
by ISDA on its website from time to time; 
"Standard Reference Obligation" means the obligation of the Reference Entity with the relevant 
Seniority Level which is specified from time to time on the SRO List. If the Standard Reference 
Obligation is removed from the SRO List, such obligation shall cease to be the Reference 
Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not 
Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation Characteristic) and there shall be no Reference Obligation 
unless and until such obligation is subsequently replaced on the SRO List, in which case, the new 
Standard Reference Obligation in respect of the Reference Entity shall constitute the Reference 
Obligation; 
"Standard Specified Currency" means each of the lawful currencies of Canada, Japan, 
Switzerland, France, Germany, the United Kingdom and the United States of America and the euro 
and any successor currency to any of the aforementioned currencies (which in the case of the euro, 
shall mean the currency which succeeds to and replaces the euro in whole); 
"Steps Plan" means a plan evidenced by Eligible Information contemplating that there will be a 
series of successions to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, by one or 
more entities; 
"Subordinated Obligation" means any obligation which is Subordinated to any unsubordinated 
Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity or which would be so Subordinated if any 
unsubordinated Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity existed; 
"Subordinated Security" means a Credit Linked Security for which the Reference Obligation or 
Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, is a Subordinated Obligation; 
"Subordination" means, with respect to an obligation (the "Second Obligation") and another 
obligation of the Reference Entity to which such obligation is being compared (the "First 
Obligation") a contractual, trust or similar arrangement providing that (A) upon the liquidation, 
dissolution, reorganisation or winding up of the Reference Entity claims of the holders of the First 
Obligation are required to be satisfied prior to the claims of the holders of the Second Obligation 
or (B) the holders of the Second Obligation will not be entitled to receive or retain principal 
payments in respect of their claims against the Reference Entity at any time that the Reference 
Entity is in payment arrears or is otherwise in default under the First Obligation. "Subordinated" 
will be construed accordingly. For purposes of determining whether Subordination exists or 
whether an obligation is Subordinated with respect to another obligation to which it is being 
compared, (x) the existence of preferred creditors arising by operation of law or of collateral, credit 
support or other credit enhancement or security arrangements shall not be taken into account, 
except that, notwithstanding the foregoing, priorities arising by operation of law shall be taken into 
account where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign and (y) in the case of the Reference Obligation 
or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, the ranking in priority of payment shall be

--- Page 130 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 128 -
70-41019079 
 
 
determined as of the date as of which it was issued or incurred (or in circumstances where the 
Reference Obligation or a Prior Reference Obligation is the Standard Reference Obligation and 
"Standard Reference Obligation" is specified as applicable in the related Final Terms, then the 
priority of payment of the Reference Obligation or the Prior Reference Obligation, as applicable, 
shall be determined as of the date of selection) and, in each case, shall not reflect any change to 
such ranking in priority of payment after such date; 
"Substitute Reference Obligation" means, with respect to a Non-Standard Reference Obligation 
to which a Substitution Event has occurred, the obligation that will replace the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation, determined by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(a) 
The Calculation Agent shall identify the Substitute Reference Obligation in accordance with 
paragraphs (c), (d) and (e) below to replace the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, provided that 
the Calculation Agent will not identify an obligation as the Substitute Reference Obligation if, at 
the time of the determination, such obligation has already been rejected as the Substitute Reference 
Obligation by the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee and such obligation has 
not changed materially since the date of the relevant DC Resolution. 
(b) 
If any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event 
have occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation will cease to be the Reference Obligation (other than for purposes of the "Not 
Subordinated" Obligation Characteristic or "Not Subordinated" Deliverable Obligation 
Characteristic and paragraph (c)(ii) below). If the event set forth in paragraph (ii) of the definition 
of Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and no 
Substitute Reference Obligation is available, the Non-Standard Reference Obligation will continue 
to be the Reference Obligation until the Substitute Reference Obligation is identified or, if earlier, 
until any of the events set forth under paragraphs (i) or (iii) of the definition of Substitution Event 
occur with respect to such Non-Standard Reference Obligation. 
(c) 
The Substitute Reference Obligation shall be an obligation that on the Substitution Date: 
(i) 
is a Borrowed Money obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee); 
(ii) 
satisfies the Not Subordinated Deliverable Obligation Characteristic as of the date 
it was issued or incurred (without reflecting any change to the priority of payment 
after such date) and on the Substitution Date; and 
(iii) 
 
(A) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Conforming Reference 
Obligation when issued or incurred and immediately prior to the 
Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(2) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", 
(B) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Bond (or any other 
Borrowed Money obligation other than a Loan) which was a Non-
Conforming Reference Obligation when issued or incurred and/or 
immediately prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available,

--- Page 131 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 129 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(2) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation", or 
(C) 
if the Non-Standard Reference Obligation was a Loan which was a Non- 
Conforming Reference Obligation when incurred and/or immediately 
prior to the Substitution Event Date: 
(1) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation which is 
a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan); or if no such obligation 
is available, 
(2) 
is a Non-Conforming Substitute Reference Obligation (other 
than a Loan); or if no such obligation is available, 
(3) 
is a Deliverable Obligation (other than a Loan) determined in 
accordance with paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable 
Obligation"; or if no such obligation is available, 
(4) 
is a Loan (other than a Private-side Loan) which constitutes a 
Deliverable Obligation determined in accordance with 
paragraph (a) of the definition of "Deliverable Obligation". 
(d) 
If more than one potential Substitute Reference Obligation is identified pursuant to the process 
described in paragraph (c) above, the Substitute Reference Obligation will be the potential 
Substitute Reference Obligation that most closely preserves the economic equivalent of the 
delivery and payment obligations of the Issuer in respect of the relevant Notes, as determined by 
the Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will notify the Issuer of the Substitute Reference 
Obligation within a reasonable period after it has been identified in accordance with paragraph (c) 
above and the Substitute Reference Obligation shall replace the Non-Standard Reference 
Obligation immediately upon such notification. 
(e) 
If a Substitution Event has occurred with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation and 
the Calculation Agent determines that no Substitute Reference Obligation is available for the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation, then, subject to paragraph (a) above and notwithstanding the fact 
that the Non-Standard Reference Obligation may have ceased to be the Reference Obligation in 
accordance with Credit Linked Condition paragraph (b) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
continue to attempt to identify the Substitute Reference Obligation. 
"Substitution Date" means, with respect to a Substitute Reference Obligation, the date on which 
the Calculation Agent determines that such Substitute Reference Obligation has been identified in 
accordance with the definition of Substitute Reference Obligation; 
"Substitution Event" means, with respect to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation: 
(a) 
the Non-Standard Reference Obligation is redeemed in whole; 
(b) 
the aggregate amounts due under the original Non-Standard Reference Obligation have been 
reduced by redemption or otherwise below USD 10,000,000 (or its equivalent in the relevant 
Obligation Currency, as determined by the Calculation Agent); or 
(c) 
for any reason, other than due to the existence or occurrence of a Credit Event, the Non-Standard 
Reference Obligation is no longer an obligation of the Reference Entity (either directly or as 
provider of a guarantee).

--- Page 132 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 130 -
70-41019079 
 
 
For purposes of identification of the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, any change in the Non-
Standard Reference Obligation’s CUSIP or ISIN number or other similar identifier will not, in and 
of itself, constitute a Substitution Event. 
If an event described in paragraph (i) or (ii) above has occurred on or prior to the Trade Date, then 
a Substitution Event shall be deemed to have occurred pursuant to paragraph (i) or (ii) above, as 
the case may be, on the Trade Date; 
"Succession Date" means the legally effective date of an event in which one or more entities 
succeed to some or all of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity; provided that, if at 
such time, there is a Steps Plan, the Succession Date will be the legally effective date of the final 
succession in respect of such Steps Plan, or if earlier (i) the date on which a determination of the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the definition of "Successor" would not be affected by any 
further related successions in respect of such Steps Plan, or (ii) the occurrence of an Event 
Determination Date in respect of the Reference Entity or any entity which would constitute a 
Successor; 
"Substitute Reference Obligation Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to 
the DC Secretary requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to 
Resolve a Substitute Reference Obligation to the Non-Standard Reference Obligation, the date, as 
publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee Resolves to be the date on which such notice is effective; 
"Substitution Event Date" means, with respect to the Reference Obligation, the date of the 
occurrence of the relevant Substitution Event; 
"Successor" means, subject to the restrictions set out in paragraphs (a) to (c) below, the entity or 
entities, if any, determined as follows: 
(a) 
subject to paragraph (vii) below, if one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, to seventy-five per cent. or more of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, 
that entity will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant Reference Entity; 
(b) 
if only one entity succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to more than 
twenty-five per cent. (but less than seventy-five per cent.) of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity, and not more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the 
Reference Entity remain with the Reference Entity, the entity that succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations will be the sole Successor in respect of the relevant 
Reference Entity; 
(c) 
if more than one entity each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and not more 
than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the 
Reference Entity, the entities that succeed to more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant 
Obligations will each be a Successor (subject to Credit Linked Condition 8.2.1); 
(d) 
if one or more entities each succeeds, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to 
more than twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, and more than 
twenty-five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity remain with the Reference 
Entity, each such entity and the Reference Entity will each be a Successor (subject to Credit Linked 
Condition 8.2.1); 
(e) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity 
continues to exist, there will be no Successor and the Reference Entity will not be changed in any 
way as a result of such succession; 
(f) 
if one or more entities succeed, either directly or as a provider of a Relevant Guarantee, to a portion 
of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity, but no entity succeeds to more than twenty-
five per cent. of the Relevant Obligations of the Reference Entity and the Reference Entity ceases 
to exist, the entity which succeeds to the greatest percentage of Relevant Obligations will be the

--- Page 133 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 131 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Successor (provided that if two or more entities succeed to an equal percentage of Relevant 
Obligations, each such entity will be a Successor (subject to Credit Linked Condition 8.2.1); 
(g) 
in respect of a Reference Entity which is not a Sovereign, if one entity assumes all of the obligations 
(including at least one Relevant Obligation) of the Reference Entity, and at the time of the 
determination either (A) the Reference Entity has ceased to exist, or (B) the Reference Entity is in 
the process of being dissolved (howsoever described) and the Reference Entity has not issued or 
incurred any Borrowed Money obligation at any time since the legally effective date of the 
assumption, such entity (the "Universal Successor") will be the sole Successor in respect of the 
relevant Reference Entity. 
The Calculation Agent will be responsible for determining, as soon as reasonably practicable after 
delivery of a Successor Notice and with effect from the Succession Date, any Successor or 
Successors; provided that the Calculation Agent will not make such determination if, at the time 
of such determination, the DC Secretary has publicly announced that the relevant Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved that there is no Successor based on the 
relevant succession to Relevant Obligations. The Calculation Agent will make all calculations and 
determinations required to be made under this definition on the basis of Eligible Information and 
will notify the Issuer of any such calculation or determination as soon as practicable. In calculating 
the percentages used to determine whether an entity qualifies as a Successor, if there is a Steps 
Plan, the Calculation Agent shall consider all related successions in respect of such Steps Plan in 
aggregate as if forming part of a single succession. 
An entity may only be a Successor if: 
(i) 
either (A) the related Succession Date occurs on or after the Successor Backstop 
Date, or (B) such entity is a Universal Successor in respect of which the 
Succession Date occurred on or after January 1, 2014; 
(ii) 
the Reference Entity had at least one Relevant Obligation outstanding 
immediately prior to the Succession Date and such entity succeeds to all or part 
of at least one Relevant Obligation of the Reference Entity; and 
(iii) 
where the Reference Entity is a Sovereign, such entity succeeded to the Relevant 
Obligations by way of a Sovereign Succession Event. 
For purposes of this definition, "succeed" means, with respect to the Reference Entity and its 
Relevant Obligations, that an entity other than the Reference Entity (I) assumes or becomes liable 
for such Relevant Obligations, whether by operation of law or pursuant to any agreement 
(including, with respect to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, any protocol, treaty, convention, 
accord, concord, entente, pact or other agreement), or (II) issues Bonds or incurs Loans (the 
"Exchange Bonds or Loans") that are exchanged for Relevant Obligations, and in either case the 
Reference Entity is not thereafter a direct obligor or a provider of a Relevant Guarantee with respect 
to such Relevant Obligations or such Exchange Bonds or Loans, as applicable. For purposes of this 
definition, "succeeded" and "succession" shall be construed accordingly. 
In the case of an exchange offer, the determination required pursuant to this definition shall be 
made on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of Relevant Obligations exchanged and 
not on the basis of the Outstanding Principal Balance of the Exchange Bonds or Loans. 
If two or more entities (each, a "Joint Potential Successor") jointly succeed to a Relevant 
Obligation (the "Joint Relevant Obligation") either directly or as a provider of a Relevant 
Guarantee, then (i) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a direct obligation of the Reference Entity, 
it shall be treated as having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential 
Successors, in equal parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as direct obligor or 
obligors, or (ii) if the Joint Relevant Obligation was a Relevant Guarantee, it shall be treated as 
having been succeeded to by the Joint Potential Successor (or Joint Potential Successors, in equal 
parts) which succeeded to such Joint Relevant Obligation as guarantor or guarantors, if any, or 
otherwise by each Joint Potential Successor in equal parts.

--- Page 134 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 132 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Successor Backstop Date" means, for purposes of any Successor determination determined by 
DC Resolution, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the Successor Resolution Request 
Date, otherwise, the date that is ninety calendar days prior to the earlier of (i) the date on which the 
Successor Notice is effective and (ii) in circumstances where (A) a Successor Resolution Request 
Date has occurred, (B) the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved 
not to make a Successor determination and (C) the Successor Notice is delivered by the Calculation 
Agent not more than fourteen calendar days after the day on which the DC Secretary publicly 
announces that the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has Resolved not to 
make a Successor determination, the Successor Resolution Request Date. The Successor Backstop 
Date shall not be subject to adjustment in accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Successor Notice" means an irrevocable notice from the Calculation Agent that describes a 
succession (or, in relation to a Reference Entity that is a Sovereign, a Sovereign Succession Event) 
in respect of which a Succession Date has occurred and pursuant to which one or more Successors 
to the Reference Entity can be determined, and which contains a description in reasonable detail 
of the facts relevant to the determination to be made pursuant to the definition of Successor and 
any consequential amendments to the Reference Portfolio and/or the Notes as a result thereof. 
"Successor Resolution Request Date" means, with respect to a notice to the DC Secretary 
requesting that a Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee be convened to Resolve one or 
more Successors to the Reference Entity, the date, as publicly announced by the DC Secretary, that 
the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves to be the date on which such 
notice is effective; 
"Termination Date" means either: 
(i) 
the Scheduled Termination Date; or 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Agent determines a Potential Credit Event has occurred, the 
Termination Date shall be: 
(A) 
the date falling two Business Days after the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period; 
or 
(B) 
at the Issuer's option, if a Credit Event Resolution Request Date has occurred on 
or prior to the expiry of the Notice Delivery Period in relation to a Reference 
Entity, the date falling 15 Business Days following any date on which the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee Resolves that the relevant event does not 
constitute a Credit Event, or Resolves not to make such determination; 
"Trade Date" means the date specified in the Final Terms; 
"Transaction Auction Settlement Terms" means the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms for which a relevant credit derivative transaction (including any Hedge Transaction) would 
be an Auction Covered Transaction; 
"Transaction Type" means, unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, each "Transaction 
Type" specified as such in the Physical Settlement Matrix from time to time.  
Where a Transaction Type is specified in the Pricing Supplement in respect of any Reference 
Entity, then the provisions of this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex shall apply with respect to such 
Reference Entity in accordance with the Physical Settlement Matrix as it applies to such 
Transaction Type, as though such Physical Settlement Matrix were set out in full in the Pricing 
Supplement. To the extent that the Pricing Supplement specifies any such provision which is 
inconsistent with the Physical Settlement Matrix, the provisions of the Physical Settlement Matrix 
shall prevail;  
"Trigger Event" means, at any time, either (i) the Reference Obligation Price becomes equal to or 
lower than the Trigger Level or (ii) the CDS Spread is greater than or higher than the Trigger Level, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Trigger Event Date" means the date on which a Trigger Event occurs.

--- Page 135 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 133 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Trigger Level" means the level specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Transferable" means an obligation that is transferable to institutional investors without any 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restriction provided that none of the following shall be 
considered contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions: 
(a) 
contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions that provide for eligibility for resale pursuant to 
Rule 144A or Regulation S promulgated under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (and any contractual, statutory or regulatory restrictions promulgated under the laws of 
any jurisdiction having a similar effect in relation to the eligibility for resale of an obligation); 
(b) 
restrictions on permitted investments such as statutory or regulatory investment restrictions on 
insurance companies and pension funds; or 
(c) 
restrictions in respect of blocked periods on or around payment dates or voting periods; 
"Underlying Obligation" means, with respect to a guarantee, the obligation which is the subject 
of the guarantee; 
"Underlying Obligor" means, with respect to an Underlying Obligation, the issuer in the case of 
a Bond, the borrower in the case of a Loan, or the principal obligor in the case of any other 
Underlying Obligation; 
"Valuation Date" means: 
(i) 
any date as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion that is no later than 122 
Business Days after: (i) the Event Determination Date or (ii) Auction Cancellation Date 
or (iii) No Auction Announcement Date or (iv) if "Cash Settlement at Maturity" is 
specified in the Final Terms, Scheduled Termination Date or Trigger Event Date, as the 
case may be; or 
(ii) 
if Partial Cash Settlement applies, any date as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion that is no later than 15 Business Days after the Latest Permissible Physical 
Settlement Date or, as applicable, the Extended Physical Settlement Date; 
"Valuation Obligation" means in respect of a Reference Entity, and unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Final Terms notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Credit Linked Derivatives 
Annex, one or more obligations of such Reference Entity (either directly or as provider of a 
Qualifying Guarantee or, as the case may be, Qualifying Affiliate Guarantee), which would 
constitute a "Deliverable Obligation" if Physical Settlement were the applicable Settlement Method 
as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion on the applicable Valuation 
Date, provided that, for such purpose: 
(a) 
any reference to the words "Delivery Date" in the definitions of Conditionally Transferable 
Obligation, Deliverable Obligation, within any of the terms comprising Deliverable Obligation 
Category or Deliverable Obligation Characteristic and Due and Payable Amount shall be deemed 
to be a reference to the words "relevant Valuation Date"; 
(b) 
the deletion of the words "being Delivered" in the definition of "Deliverable Obligation"; and 
(c) 
the deletion of the whole of the second paragraph within the definition of "Not Contingent" and 
replacing it with the following: 
"If an Obligation is a Convertible Obligation or an Exchangeable Obligation, then such 
Obligation may only be selected as a Valuation Obligation if the rights referred to in (A) 
and (B) above have not been exercised (or such exercise has been effectively rescinded) 
on or before the relevant Valuation Date." 
For the avoidance of doubt, the use of Deliverable Obligation terms in the definition of "Valuation 
Obligation" is for convenience only and is not intended to amend the selected settlement method.

--- Page 136 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 134 -
70-41019079 
 
 
If the Calculation Agent selects more than one Valuation Obligation with respect to a Reference 
Entity, then the Calculation Agent shall in its sole and absolute discretion apportion to each such 
Valuation Obligation an outstanding principal balance (or the equivalent in the Specified Currency 
thereof converted at the foreign exchange rate prevailing on any date from (and including) the 
Event Determination Date to and (including) the Valuation Date, as selected by the Calculation 
Agent in its discretion), which in aggregate shall not exceed the relevant Reference Entity Notional 
Amount; 
"Valuation Time" means the time specified as such in the Final Terms or if no such time is 
specified, 11:00 a.m. in London; 
"Voting Shares" means the shares or other interests that have the power to elect the board of 
directors or similar governing body of an entity; 
"Weighted Average Final Price" means the weighted average of the Final Prices determined for 
each selected Valuation Obligation of the relevant Reference Entity, weighted by the outstanding 
principal balance of each such Valuation Obligation; 
"Weighted Average Quotation" means, in accordance with the Quotation Method, the weighted 
average of firm quotations obtained from Dealers at the Valuation Time, to the extent reasonably 
practicable, each for an amount of any Valuation Obligation or Deliverable Obligation with an 
Outstanding Principal Balance or Due and Payable Amount, as applicable, of as large a size as 
available but less than the Quotation Amount (but of a size equal to the Minimum Quotation) that 
in the aggregate are approximately equal to the Quotation Amount; and 
Terms defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and/or the Final Terms have the same 
meaning in this Credit Linked Derivatives Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between the 
Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions will prevail. In the event of 
any inconsistency between the Final Terms and the Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the 
Final Terms will prevail.

--- Page 137 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 135 -
70-41019079 
 
 
APPENDIX 1 
 
FORM OF CREDIT EVENT NOTICE [AND NOTICE OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE 
INFORMATION] 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
From: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7JE 
To: 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") 
To be delivered via [Euroclear/Clearstream/specify other clearing system] (the "Clearing System") 
[Date] 
CREDIT EVENT NOTICE [AND NOTICE OF PUBLICLY AVAILABLE INFORMATION 
 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
(the "Issuer") 
Note Issuance Programme 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Series No.: [] Tranche No.: [] ISIN: [] (the "Notes") 
We refer to the Final Terms dated [insert date] in respect of the Notes (the "Final Terms") relating to the 
Notes. Terms that are not defined herein, shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Final Terms. 
This letter is our Credit Event Notice to you that a [insert type] Credit Event occurred with respect to [insert 
name] on or about [insert date] (as determined by the Calculation Agent), when [describe Credit Event]. 
[This letter also comprises our Notice of Publicly Available Information with respect to this Credit Event. 
Accordingly, we provide the Publicly Available Information attached hereto.]1 
[This letter also comprises our notice for [Settlement Method at Issuer Option] [and] [Fallback Settlement 
Method at Issuer Option]. Accordingly, we hereby elect that [the Settlement Method will be [Auction 
Settlement/Cash Settlement/Physical Settlement]] [and] [the Fallback Settlement Method will be [Cash 
Settlement/Physical Settlement]].]2 
Nothing in this letter shall be construed as a waiver of any rights we may have with respect to the Notes. 
 
1 
The bracketed language need only be included when (1) "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as a Condition to Settlement, (2) where required by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
each Noteholder has provided to the Issuer a confidentiality undertaking in the form (if any) required 
by the Calculation Agent, and (3) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not Resolved 
the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date". 
2 
The bracketed language need only be included when Settlement Method at Issuer Option and/or 
Fallback Settlement Method at Issuer Option applies and the relevant notice will not be delivered 
separately.

--- Page 138 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 136 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Yours faithfully 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
 
By:  ...........................................................................

--- Page 139 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 137 -
70-41019079 
 
 
APPENDIX 2 
 
FORM OF NOTICE OF PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
From: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7JE 
To: 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") 
To be delivered via [Euroclear/Clearstream/specify other clearing system] (the "Clearing System") 
[Date] 
NOTICE OF PHYSICAL SETTLEMENT 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
(the "Issuer") 
Note Issuance Programme 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Series No.: [] Tranche No.: [] ISIN: [] (the "Notes") 
We refer to the Final Terms dated [insert date] in respect of the Notes (the "Final Terms") relating to the 
Notes [and to the Credit Event Notice [and Notice of Publicly Available Information]3 dated [insert date]]4, 
previously delivered to you. Terms that are not defined herein, shall have the meanings attributed to them 
in the Final Terms. 
This letter constitutes a Notice of Physical Settlement. 
We hereby confirm that we will settle the Notes and require performance by you in accordance with the 
terms of the Notes. Subject to the terms of the Notes, we will deliver to you on or before the Physical 
Settlement Date, [[currency amount] [outstanding principal balance] [Due and Payable Amount]] of the 
following Deliverable Obligations(s): 
[describe the Deliverable Obligation(s) to be Delivered, including the outstanding principal 
balance or Due and Payable Amount for each such Deliverable Obligation and, if available and 
applicable, the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and 
tenor of the Deliverable Obligation)] 
[Further, we hereby identify the following Enabling Obligation(s):] 
[describe each such Enabling Obligation, including the CUSIP or ISIN number, if available and applicable 
(or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor), of such Enabling Obligation, or any 
other information necessary to establish that such obligation is an Enabling Obligation] 
 
3 
The bracketed language need only be included when (1) "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as a Condition to Settlement, (2) where required by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
each Noteholder has provided to the Issuer a confidentiality undertaking in the form (if any) required 
by the Calculation Agent, and (3) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not Resolved 
the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date". 
4 
The bracketed language need not be included if the Issuer determines that a DC Credit Event 
Announcement fulfils the Conditions to Settlement.

--- Page 140 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 138 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[This letter also comprises our notice for Settlement Method at Issuer Option. Accordingly, we hereby elect 
that the Settlement Method will be Physical Settlement.]5 
Yours faithfully 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
 
5 
The bracketed language need only be included when Settlement Method at Issuer Option applies and 
the relevant notice has not been delivered separately.

--- Page 141 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 139 -
70-41019079 
 
 
APPENDIX 3 
 
FORM OF NOPS AMENDMENT NOTICE 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
From: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7JE 
To: 
The holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders") 
To be delivered via [Euroclear/Clearstream/specify other clearing system] (the "Clearing System") 
[Date] 
NOPS AMENDMENT NOTICE 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
(the "Issuer") 
Note Issuance Programme 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Series No.: [] Tranche No.: [] ISIN: [] (the "Notes") 
We refer to the Final Terms dated [insert date] in respect of the Notes (the "Final Terms") relating to the 
Notes [and to the Credit Event Notice [and Notice of Publicly Available Information]6 dated [insert date]]7 
and the Notice of Physical Settlement dated [insert date] [and the NOPS Amendment Notice(s) dated [insert 
date] and [[insert date]]8, previously delivered to you. Terms that are not defined herein, shall have the 
meanings attributed to them in the Final Terms. 
This letter constitutes a NOPS Amendment Notice. 
We hereby confirm that we are replacing, [in whole or in part], [[currency amount] [outstanding principal 
balance] [Due and Payable Amount]] of the following Deliverable Obligation(s) specified in the [Notice of 
Physical Settlement/NOPS Amendment Notice] dated [insert date]: 
[describe the Deliverable Obligation(s) to be replaced, including the outstanding principal balance 
or Due and Payable Amount for each such Deliverable Obligation and, if available and applicable, 
the CUSIP or ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor of 
the Deliverable Obligation)] 
with [[currency amount] [outstanding principal balance] [Due and Payable Amount]] of the following 
Deliverable Obligation(s): 
[describe the replacement Deliverable Obligation(s), including the outstanding principal balance or Due 
and Payable Amount for each such Deliverable Obligation and, if available and applicable, the CUSIP or 
 
6 
The bracketed language need only be included when (1) "Notice of Publicly Available Information" is 
specified as a Condition to Settlement, (2) where required by the Calculation Agent in its discretion, 
each Noteholder has provided to the Issuer a confidentiality undertaking in the form (if any) required 
by the Calculation Agent, and (3) the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee has not Resolved 
the matters described in paragraphs (a) and (b) of the definition of "Credit Event Resolution Request 
Date". 
7 
The bracketed language need not be included if the Issuer determines that a DC Credit Event 
Announcement fulfils the Conditions to Settlement. 
8 
The bracketed language need only be included if there is any prior NOPS Amendment Notice.

--- Page 142 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 140 -
70-41019079 
 
 
ISIN number (or, if such identifying number is not available, the rate and tenor of the Deliverable 
Obligation)] 
Yours faithfully 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
 
By:  ...........................................................................

--- Page 143 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 141 -
70-41019079 
 
 
APPENDIX 4 
 
FORM OF ASSET TRANSFER NOTICE 
To: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street, 
London EC2V 7JE 
To: 
[Euroclear/Clearstream/specify other clearing system] (the "Clearing System") 
[insert address of clearing system] 
From: 
[insert name and address of Noteholder] 
[Date] 
ASSET TRANSFER NOTICE 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
(the "Issuer") 
Note Issuance Programme 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
Series No.: [] Tranche No.: [] ISIN: [] (the "Notes") 
We refer to the Final Terms dated [insert date] in respect of the Notes (the "Final Terms") relating to the 
Notes [and to the Credit Event Notice dated [insert date]]9 and the Notice of Physical Settlement dated 
[insert date] [and the NOPS Amendment Notice(s) dated [insert date] and [[insert date]]10, previously 
delivered to us. Terms that are not defined herein, shall have the meanings attributed to them in the Final 
Terms. 
This letter constitutes an Asset Transfer Notice and relates to [insert number and aggregate nominal 
amount] of Notes. 
We hereby confirm that we are the legal owner of the above Notes, [held via [insert Clearing System name] 
at account [insert Clearing System account details]. 
(1) 
Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Obligation(s) should be made to: 
[insert name, address and account details of the person to whom Delivery should be made] 
(2) 
Notices in relation to the Deliverable Obligations should be sent to: 
(i) 
Attention: [insert contact person name] 
(ii) 
Address: [insert address 
(iii) 
E-mail: [insert e-mail address] 
(iv) 
Fax: [insert fax number] 
(v) 
Telephone: [insert telephone number] 
(3) 
Payments in relation to the Deliverable Obligations should be made to: 
[insert account details including Bank, Branch Address, Branch Code, Account Number and 
Account Name] 
If the Notes are Registered Notes, we hereby irrevocably instruct and authorise the Registrar to effect the 
transfer of the Notes. 
 
9 
Delete if no Credit Event Notice has been delivered. 
10 
Delete if no NOPS Amendment Notice has been delivered.

--- Page 144 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 142 -
70-41019079 
 
 
We hereby irrevocably instruct and authorise the Clearing System to debit the relevant account with such 
Notes on the due date for redemption of the Notes. 
We hereby authorise the Clearing System, the Issuer and the Calculation Agent to produce this notice in 
any administrative or legal proceedings. 
We hereby authorise the Issuer to deduct from the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Deliverable Obligations to be delivered in accordance with such notice, the Delivery Expenses. 
We hereby represent that, as of the date hereof and as of the date on which the Deliverable Obligation(s) 
are to be delivered, neither compliance with any authority or request contained in this Asset Transfer Notice 
by any person to whom such authority or request is given; nor completion and delivery of this Asset 
Transfer Notice to the Issuer or Calculation Agent by us is, or will result in, a breach of any exchange 
control, fiscal or other laws or regulations for the time being applicable. 
Yours faithfully 
[insert name of Noteholder] 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
 
.............................................................
Certifying signature (2):
Name: 
Title:
 
 
[To be completed by the Issuer] 
Received by: 
[Signature and stamp of the Issuer] 
At its office at: [] 
On: [] 
Notes: 
1. 
Any Notes or Certificates so returned or Certificates issued will be sent by post, uninsured and at 
the risk of the Noteholder, unless the Noteholder otherwise requests and pays the costs of such 
insurance in advance to the Issuer. This section need only be completed in respect of Registered 
Notes if the Certificate is not to be forwarded to the Registered Address. 
2. 
The signature of any person relating to Registered Notes shall conform to a list of duly authorised 
specimen signatures supplied by the holder of such Notes or (if such signature corresponds with 
the name as it appears on the face of the certificate) be certified by a notary public or a recognised 
bank or be supported by such other evidence as the Issuer may reasonably require. A representative 
of the holder should state the capacity in which he signs. 
3. 
This Asset Transfer Notice is not valid unless all of the paragraphs requiring completion are duly 
completed. 
4. 
The Issuer shall not in any circumstances be liable to the Noteholder or any other person for any 
loss or damage arising from any act, default or omission of the Issuer in relation to the Notes or 
any of them unless such loss or damage was caused by the fraud or negligence of the Issuer or its 
directors, officers or employees.

--- Page 145 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 143 -
70-41019079 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF AUCTION SETTLEMENT TERMS 
If an Event Determination Date occurs with respect to the Notes and Auction Settlement applies, the 
Auction Settlement Amount with respect to the Notes will be calculated based on an Auction Final Price 
or Parallel Auction Final Price for the Reference Entity (if any). This description contains a summary of 
certain provisions of the Form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms set forth at Annex B to the 
2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions, published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. ("ISDA") on 12 March 2009 (the "Form of Auction Settlement Terms") and is qualified by reference 
to the detailed provisions thereof and is subject to amendment from time to time in accordance with the 
Rules, including any amendment following the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
Auction Settlement and Restructuring Supplement dated 14 July 2009, as published by ISDA. The 
following does not purport to be complete and prospective investors must refer to the Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms for detailed information regarding the auction methodology set forth therein (the 
"Auction Methodology"). The Auction and the Auction Methodology apply to credit default swaps on the 
Reference Entity and do not apply specifically to the Notes. A copy of the Form of Auction Settlement 
Terms may be inspected at the offices of the Issuer and is also currently available at www.isda.org. 
Investors should be aware that this summary of the Form of Auction Settlement Terms is accurate only as 
of the date hereof and the Form of Auction Settlement Terms may be amended from time to time without 
consultation with investors. At any time after the date of this memorandum, the latest Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms will be available on the ISDA website at www.isda.org (or any successor website 
thereto). Further, notwithstanding the fact that the Form of Auction Settlement Terms (as may be amended 
from time to time) appears on the ISDA website, investors should note that the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committees have the power to amend the form of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement 
Terms for a particular auction and that this summary may therefore not be accurate in all cases. 
Capitalized terms used but not defined in this summary have the meaning specified in the Rules and the 
Form of Auction Settlement Terms. All times of day in this summary refer to such times in London. 
Publication of Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
Pursuant to the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees Rules set forth in Annex A to the 2009 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees and Auction Settlement Supplement to the 2003 
ISDA Credit Derivatives Definitions (published on March 12, 2009) (the "Rules"), a Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee may determine that a Credit Event has occurred in respect of a Reference Entity 
(such entity, an "Affected Reference Entity") and that one or more auctions will be held in order to settle 
affected Auction Covered Transactions referencing such Affected Reference Entity based upon an Auction 
Final Price determined according to an auction procedure set forth in the Form of Auction Settlement Terms 
(each, an "Auction"). If an Auction is to be held, the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee will 
publish Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity, 
based upon the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. In doing so, the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee will make several related determinations, including the date on which the Auction will be held 
(the "Auction Date"), the institutions that will act as participating bidders in the Auction (the 
"Participating Bidders") and the supplemental terms that are detailed in Schedule 1 to the Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms. The Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee may also amend the Form of Auction 
Settlement Terms for a particular auction and may determine that a public comment period is necessary in 
order to effect such an amendment if such amendment is not contemplated by the Rules. 
"Auction Covered Transactions" are credit derivative transactions referencing the Affected Reference 
Entity which satisfy the criteria set forth in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity, including in respect of the provisions in such credit derivative 
transactions that set forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may constitute Deliverable 
Obligations (or, in the case of a cash settled credit derivative transaction, the provisions therein that set 
forth the criteria for establishing what obligations may be valued to determine a final price).

--- Page 146 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 144 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Auction Methodology 
Determining the Auction Currency Rate 
On a specified fixing date, the "Administrators" (being both Markit Group Limited and Creditex Securities 
Corp. or such other entities appointed by ISDA) will determine the rate of conversion (each, an "Auction 
Currency Rate") as between the relevant currency and the currency of denomination of each Deliverable 
Obligation (each, a "Relevant Pairing") by reference to a rate source or, if such rate source is unavailable, 
by seeking mid-market rates of conversion from Participating Bidders (determined by each such 
Participating Bidder in a commercially reasonable manner) for each such Relevant Pairing. 
Initial Bidding Period 
During the Initial Bidding Period (which is the period initially determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity, as such period may be extended by the Administrators, inter alia, 
to preserve the integrity of an Auction), Participating Bidders will submit to the Administrators: (a) Initial 
Market Bids; (b) Initial Market Offers; (c) Dealer Physical Settlement Requests; and (d) Customer Physical 
Settlement Requests (to the extent received from customers). 
Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers are firm quotations, expressed as percentages, to enter into 
credit derivative transactions in respect of the Affected Reference Entity on terms equivalent to the 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction. A "Representative Auction-Settled Transaction" is a 
hypothetical single-name, physically settled credit default swap transaction referencing the Affected 
Reference Entity with the standard terms specified in the Form of Auction Settlement Terms. 
The Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer submitted by each Participating Bidder must differ by no 
more than the designated Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread and must be an integral multiple of 
the Relevant Pricing Increment (each as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee 
and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant Affected 
Reference Entity). The Initial Market Bid must be less than the Initial Market Offer. 
Dealer Physical Settlement Requests and Customer Physical Settlement Requests are firm commitments, 
submitted by a Participating Bidder, on its own behalf or on behalf of a customer, as applicable, to enter 
into a Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, in each case, as seller (in which case, such commitment 
will be a "Physical Settlement Buy Request") or as buyer (in which case, such commitment will be a 
"Physical Settlement Sell Request"). Each Dealer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of such 
Participating Bidder's knowledge and belief, in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market 
Position. Each Customer Physical Settlement Request must be, to the best of the relevant customer's 
knowledge and belief (aggregated with all Customer Physical Settlement Requests submitted by such 
customer), in the same direction as, and not in excess of, its Market Position. 
If the Administrators do not receive valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers from at least a 
minimum number of Participating Bidders (as determined by the Credit Derivatives Determinations 
Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of the relevant 
Affected Reference Entity), the timeline will be adjusted and the Initial Bidding Period extended, with the 
Auction recommencing at such time(s) specified by the Administrators, otherwise it will proceed as follows. 
The "Market Position" with respect to a Participating Bidder or customer, as applicable, is the aggregate 
amount of Deliverable Obligations that the relevant Participating Bidder or customer, as applicable, would 
have to buy or sell in order to obtain an identical risk profile after the Auction Settlement Date compared 
to its risk profile prior to the Auction Settlement Date with respect to all Auction Covered Transactions 
(excluding those Auction Covered Transactions for which the trade date is the date on which the Auction 
Final Price is determined (the "Auction Final Price Determination Date")) and all Auction-Linked Cash 
Settled Transactions to which such Participating Bidder, or any affiliate of such Participating Bidder, as 
applicable, or such customer, or any affiliate of such customer, as applicable, is a party and to which every 
other party is an Auction Party, such risk profile to be determined without regard to whether the original 
transactions were documented as cash settled or physically settled transactions.

--- Page 147 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 145 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Determination of Open Interest, Initial Market Midpoint and Adjustment Amounts 
The Administrators will calculate the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and any Adjustment 
Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
The Open Interest is the difference between all Physical Settlement Sell Requests and all Physical 
Settlement Buy Requests. 
To determine the Initial Market Midpoint, the Administrators will: (a) sort the Initial Market Bids in 
descending order and the Initial Market Offers in ascending order, identifying non-tradeable markets for 
which bids are lower than offers; (b) sort non-tradeable markets in terms of tightness of spread between 
Initial Market Bid and Initial Market Offer; and (c) identify that half of the non-tradeable markets with the 
tightest spreads. The Initial Market Midpoint is determined as the arithmetic mean of the Initial Market 
Bids and Initial Market Offers contained in the half of non-tradeable markets with the tightest spreads. 
Any Participating Bidder whose Initial Market Bid or Initial Market Offer forms part of a tradeable market 
will be required to make a payment to ISDA on the third Business Day after the Auction Final Price 
Determination Date (an "Adjustment Amount"), calculated in accordance with the Auction Methodology. 
Any payments of Adjustment Amounts will be used by ISDA to defray any costs related to any auction that 
ISDA has coordinated, or that ISDA may in the future coordinate, for purposes of settlement of credit 
derivative transactions. 
If for any reason no single Initial Market Midpoint can be determined, the procedure set out above may be 
repeated. 
At or prior to the Initial Bidding Information Publication Time (as determined by the Credit Derivatives 
Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms in respect of 
the relevant Affected Reference Entity) on any day on which the Initial Bidding Period has successfully 
concluded, the Administrators publish the Open Interest, the Initial Market Midpoint and the details of any 
Adjustment Amounts in respect of the Auction. 
If the Open Interest is zero, the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint. 
Submission of Limit Order Submissions 
In the event that the Open Interest does not equal zero, a subsequent bidding period will be commenced 
during the Initial Bidding Period which: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, 
Participating Bidders submit Limit Bids; or (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable 
Obligations, Limit Offers, in each case, on behalf of customers and for their own account. 
Matching bids and offers 
If the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
If the Open Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, the Administrators will match the Open 
Interest against all Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids, as further described in the Auction Methodology. 
(a) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Filled 
The Auction Final Price will be the price associated with the matched Initial Market Bids and Limit 
Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as applicable, that is the highest offer or the lowest 
bid, as applicable, provided that: (a) if the Open Interest is an offer to sell and the price associated 
with the lowest matched bid exceeds the Initial Market Midpoint by more than the "Cap Amount" 
(being the percentage that is equal to one half of the Maximum Initial Market Bid-Offer Spread 
(rounded to the nearest Relevant Pricing Increment)), then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial 
Market Midpoint plus the Cap Amount; and (b) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase and the 
Initial Market Midpoint exceeds the price associated with the highest offer by more than the Cap 
Amount, then the Auction Final Price will be the Initial Market Midpoint minus the Cap Amount.

--- Page 148 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 146 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Auction Final Price when the Open Interest is Not Filled 
If, once all the Initial Market Bids and Limit Bids or Initial Market Offers and Limit Offers, as 
applicable, have been matched to the Open Interest, part of the Open Interest remains, the Auction 
Final Price will be: (a) if the Open Interest is a bid to purchase Deliverable Obligations, the greater 
of (i) zero, and (ii) the highest Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer received; or (b) if the Open 
Interest is an offer to sell Deliverable Obligations, zero. 
100 per cent. Cap to Auction Final Price 
In all cases, if the Auction Final Price determined pursuant to the Auction Methodology is greater than 100 
per cent., then the Auction Final Price will be deemed to be 100 per cent. 
Publication of Auction Final Price 
At or prior to the Subsequent Bidding Information Publication Time (as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity) on any day on which the subsequent bidding period 
has successfully concluded, the Administrators will publish on their websites: (a) the Auction Final Price; 
(b) the names of the Participating Bidders who submitted bids, offers, valid Dealer Physical Settlement 
Requests and valid Customer Physical Settlement Requests, together with the details of all such bids and 
offers submitted by each; and (c) the details and size of all matched trades. 
Execution of Trades Formed in the Auction 
Each Participating Bidder whose Limit Bid or Initial Market Bid (or Limit Offer or Initial Market Offer if 
applicable) is matched against the Open Interest, and each Participating Bidder that submitted a Customer 
Physical Settlement Request or Dealer Physical Settlement Request, is deemed to have entered into a 
Representative Auction-Settled Transaction, and each customer that submitted such a Limit Bid, Limit 
Offer, or Physical Settlement Request is deemed to have entered into a Representative Auction-Settled 
Transaction with the dealer through whom the customer submitted such bid or offer. Accordingly, each 
such Participating Bidder or customer that is a seller of Deliverable Obligations as a result of a trade formed 
in the auction must deliver to the buyer to whom such Participating Bidder or customer has been matched 
a Notice of Physical Settlement indicating the Deliverable Obligations that it will deliver, and such 
Deliverable Obligations will be sold to the buyer in exchange for payment of the Auction Final Price. 
Timing of Auction Settlement Provisions 
If an Auction is held in respect of an Affected Reference Entity, it is expected that the relevant Auction 
Date will occur on the third Business Day immediately prior to the 30th calendar day after which the relevant 
Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee received the request from an eligible market participant 
(endorsed by a member of the relevant Credit Derivatives Determinations Committee) to resolve whether 
a Credit Event has occurred with respect to such Reference Entity. 
In respect of an Affected Reference Entity for which an Auction is held, the Auction Settlement Date will 
occur on a Business Day following the Auction Final Price Determination Date, as determined by the Credit 
Derivatives Determinations Committee and specified in the Credit Derivatives Auction Settlement Terms 
in respect of the relevant Affected Reference Entity. By way of example, in recent ISDA CDS Auction 
Protocols (prior to the publication of the 2009 ISDA Credit Derivatives Determinations Committees, 
Auction Settlement and Restructuring Supplement dated 14 July 2009, as published by ISDA) this has been 
approximately five Business Days following the relevant Auction Final Price Determination Date. 
Delayed Auction Provisions 
The Auction timing may be adjusted under the relevant following circumstances: (a) the occurrence of an 
event or news the occurrence of which two or more Participating Bidders consider has or could have a 
material effect on the Auction Final Price; (b) if the Administrators are unable to determine an Auction 
Currency Rate on the Auction Currency Fixing Date with respect to each Relevant Pairing; (c) if the Auction 
Methodology does not result in an Auction Final Price for any reason (including, but not limited to, the 
failure to receive the minimum number of valid Initial Market Bids and Initial Market Offers); or (d) any 
combination of (a), (b) and (c) above.

--- Page 149 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 147 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Auction Cancellation 
If an Auction Final Price has not been determined on or prior to: (a) the fifth Business Day following the 
Auction Date, in the events described in clause (a) or (d) of "Delayed Auction Provisions" above; or (b) the 
second Business Day following the Auction Date, in the events described in clause (b) or (c) of "Delayed 
Auction Provisions" above, then the Auction will be deemed to have been cancelled and the Administrators 
and ISDA will announce the occurrence of such cancellation on their respective websites. 
For these purposes, "Business Day" means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets 
are generally open to settle payments in, if the Transaction Type of the relevant Affected Reference Entity 
is included in: (a) the Americas, New York; and (b) otherwise, London.

--- Page 150 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 148 -
70-41019079 
 
 
FUND LINKED NOTE ANNEX 
Where specified as applicable in any Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes under the Programme, the 
provisions of this Fund Linked Note Annex shall apply to such Notes as if expressly set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
1. 
Amendment to the Conditions 
The following shall be inserted as Conditions 3A, 5.2A and 5.3 (together, the "Additional Conditions"): 
3A 
Status of Fund Linked Notes  
The Fund Linked Notes are linked to the performance of Units in the Fund from time to time, but 
Noteholders have no rights to any specific Units or other Fund interests and no Units or other Fund 
interests have been or will be charged or otherwise placed in custody or set aside to secure or satisfy 
the Issuer’s obligations in respect of the Notes. Accordingly, at any time the Issuer may or may not 
be the owner of the whole or any part of the Units notionally underlying the Notes from time to 
time and the Issuer is not under any obligation to hold any Units or other interests in the Fund and 
may sell or otherwise dispose of the same at any time in its sole discretion. 
5.1A 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption:  Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at a price per Note equal to the Note 
Executed Price, subject as provided in Condition 6 (Payments). 
(b) 
Additional Disruption Event: Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption 
Event the Issuer shall, on giving not more than 30 nor less 15 days' notice to the 
Noteholders, and upon expiry of such notice, redeem all but not some only of the Notes 
at the Early Redemption Amount on such day as determined by the Issuer in its sole and 
absolute discretion (including, without limitation, a date on which the Issuer or any 
Hypothetical Broker Dealer is able to actually receive the redemption proceeds in respect 
of the Units or shares of the Fund from any of the Fund Service Providers). 
5.2A  
Fund Disruption Events 
(a) 
Potential Adjustment Events:  Subject to Condition 5.2A(b) (Cash Distribution) below 
and following the declaration by the Fund Manager of the terms of any Potential 
Adjustment Event, the Calculation Agent will, in good faith acting in a commercially 
reasonable manner, determine whether such Potential Adjustment Event has a diluting, 
concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant Fund Unit and, if so, 
will (i) make the corresponding adjustment, if any, to any terms of the Fund Linked Notes 
as the Calculation Agent in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable manner 
determines appropriate to account for that diluting, concentrative or other effect and (ii) 
determine the effective date of that adjustment. In its determination of the existence and 
extent of any dilutive, concentrative or other effect on the theoretical value of the relevant 
Fund Unit of any Potential Adjustment Event, and any related adjustments to the terms 
of the Fund Linked Notes, the Calculation Agent shall take into account any amounts of 
local taxes that would, in the determination of the Calculation Agent, be withheld from 
or paid or otherwise incurred by the Issuer in connection with such Potential Adjustment 
Event. 
(b) 
Cash Distributions:  Where the Fund Manager declares or pays a payment of distribution 
or dividend of cash to existing holders of the Fund Units, the Issuer will pay to the 
Noteholders an amount in the Specified Currency equal to the cash distribution or 
dividend after deducting all fees and expenses (including but not limited to the local taxes 
(if any) and handling fees, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith and 
in a commercially reasonable manner) within five (5) Payment Days following receipt 
by the Issuer of such cash distribution or dividend, provided that the payment date of 
such cash distribution or dividend will occur on or before two Payment Days prior to the 
Valuation Date or any other date on which the market value of the Fund Linked Notes is

--- Page 151 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 149 -
70-41019079 
 
 
to be determined in accordance with these terms, as the case may be. For the avoidance 
of doubt, there is no obligation on the Issuer to make any payments after two Payment 
Days prior to the Valuation Date, or any other date on which the market value of the Fund 
Linked Notes is to be determined in accordance with these terms, as the case may be. 
(c) 
Fund Merger Event:  Following the occurrence of a Fund Merger Event, the Calculation 
Agent may (but is not obliged to), in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determine any appropriate adjustment (which may include, but without 
obligation, a substitution of the Fund Unit), if any, to be made to any terms of the Fund 
Linked Notes (including for the avoidance of doubt, any adjustments to the Initial 
Subscription Price) to account for such event, and determine the effective date of that 
adjustment.  If the Calculation Agent determines that no adjustment that it could make 
will produce a commercially reasonable result, the Issuer will redeem all, but not some 
only, of the Fund Linked Notes, at the Early Redemption Amount on such day as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion (including, without limitation, 
a date on which the Issuer is able to actually receive the redemption proceeds in respect 
of the units or shares of the Fund from any of the Fund Service Providers). 
(d) 
Correction of Prices:  In the event that any NAV of the Fund published by its Fund 
Service Provider on any date which is utilised for any calculation or determination in 
connection with the Fund Linked Notes is subsequently corrected and the correction is 
published by its Fund Service Provider by the third Payment Day prior to the next date 
on which any relevant payment may have to be made by the issuer or in respect of which 
any relevant determination in respect of the Fund Linked Notes may have to be made; 
then the Calculation Agent may determine the amount that is payable or deliverable or 
make any determination in connection with the Fund Linked Notes, after taking in to 
account such correction, and, to the extent necessary, may adjust any relevant terms of 
the Fund Linked Notes to account for such correction. 
5.3 
Redemption of Fund Linked Fund Linked Notes following an Additional Disruption Event 
Following the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event the Issuer shall, on giving not more 
than 30 nor less 15 days' notice to the Noteholders, and upon expiry of such notice, redeem all but 
not some only of the Fund Linked Notes at the Early Redemption Amount on such day as 
determined by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion (including, without limitation, a date 
on which the Issuer or any Hypothetical Broker Dealer is able to actually receive the redemption 
proceeds in respect of the Units or shares of the Fund from any of the Fund Service Providers). 
Each holder of Fund Linked Notes by subscribing for or purchasing such Fund Linked Notes, will 
be deemed to accept and acknowledge that it is fully aware that: 
(i) 
upon the occurrence of an Additional Disruption Event, the obligations of the Issuer to 
make payments in respect of the Fund Linked Notes may be limited to the amount payable 
by the Issuer and the holder of the Fund Linked Notes shall have no further recourse to 
the Issuer in respect of the Fund Linked Notes; 
(ii) 
without prejudice to the foregoing, any right of the holder of the Fund Linked Notes to 
claim payment of any amount exceeding the amount so payable shall be automatically 
extinguished; and 
(iii) 
the holder of the Fund Linked Notes shall not be able to petition for the winding up of 
the Issuer as a consequence of the non-payment by the Issuer of any sum which but for 
this Condition 5.3 (Redemption of Fund Linked Fund Linked Notes following an 
Additional Disruption Event) would have been payable by the Issuer in respect of the 
Fund Linked Notes). 
2. 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Additional Conditions, the following words shall have the following meaning:

--- Page 152 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 150 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Additional Disruption Event" means a Change in Law, a Hedging Disruption, Increased Cost of Hedging 
or an Extraordinary Fund Event. 
"Change in Law" means, in relation to the Fund Linked Notes, on or after the Subscription Date, (A) due 
to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including without limitation, any tax 
law), or (B) due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation (including any action 
taken by a taxing authority), the Issuer determines that (x) it will, or there is a substantial likelihood that it 
will, with the passing of time, or has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates to hold, 
acquire or dispose of or realise, recover or remit the proceeds of the sale of disposal of Fund Units relating 
to such Fund Linked Notes or any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge any relevant price 
risk including, without limitation, any currency risk, of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations 
with respect to the Fund Linked Notes (y) it has become illegal for the Issuer or any of its designated 
affiliates to hold, acquire, purchase, sell or maintain one or more (i) positions or contracts in respect of any 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange in relation to the Fund Linked Notes, or in 
relation to the Issuer's hedging activities in connection with the Fund Linked Notes or in relation to the 
hedging activities of the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates in connection with the Fund Linked Notes, 
(ii) stock loan transactions in relation to the Fund Linked Notes or (iii) other instruments or arrangements 
(howsoever described) held by the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates in order to hedge, individually 
or on a portfolio basis, such Fund Linked Notes or (z) the Issuer or any of its designated affiliates will incur 
a materially increased cost in performing its obligations under the Fund Linked Notes (including, without 
limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax benefit or other adverse effect on its tax 
position). 
"Early Redemption Amount" means the fair market value of each Note on such day as shall be selected 
by the Calculation Agent in good faith acting in a commercially reasonable manner, adjusted downward to 
take account fully for any Hedging Costs, all as determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith acting 
in a commercially reasonable manner. 
"Extraordinary Fund Event" means, in respect of relevant Units, any of the following events that the 
Calculation Agent determines, in its sole opinion, has occurred or is likely to occur with respect to the Fund 
or a Fund Service Provider (as applicable): 
(a) 
a Termination; or 
(b) 
any restriction, limitation, suspension, deferral or cancellation of any right conferred by the 
Fund Documents on investors to require subscription for or redemption of Units (including 
without limitation, the introduction or increase of any associated fee, cost or expense) or any 
mandatory redemption of units of the Fund; or 
(c) 
the liquidation, bankruptcy, insolvency, dissolution or winding-up of the trustee or 
administrator or similar person with primary administrative responsibilities in respect of the 
Fund (including any successor appointed from time to time) (the "Trustee") or of the 
manager or adviser or similar person appointed to provide discretionary or non-discretionary 
investment management or advisory services to the Fund Manager (including any successor 
appointed from time to time); or 
(d) 
the appointment of a liquidator, receiver, administrator or conservator or analogous person 
under any applicable law in respect of the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking, 
property or assets of the Fund Manager held by the Trustee, or any merger or de-merger 
affecting the Fund; or 
(e) 
a violation, breach, or change of any material terms of the Fund’s offer documents or other 
constitutional documents; or 
(f) 
the main investment objective of the Fund changes; or 
(g) 
the resignation, termination or replacement of the Fund Manager or Manager or its 
investment manager or investment adviser of the Fund; or

--- Page 153 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 151 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(h) 
a change in the tax or regulatory environment of the Fund Manager, the Fund, or of the 
manager, investment manager or investment advisor of the Fund; or 
(i) 
any review or investigation of the activities of the Fund or any of its Fund Service Providers, 
by a relevant regulator, in connection with suspected or alleged wrongdoing or breach of any 
rule or regulation, or other similar reason, or any disciplinary action taken by such regulator 
in consequence thereof; or 
(j) 
any arrangement between the Issuer and the Fund and/or one or more of its Fund Service 
Providers, including arrangements relating to subscriptions and redemptions, being changed 
or terminated;  
(k) 
the Calculation Agent determines, at any time, that the NAV per unit is inaccurate, or the 
reported net asset value of the Fund Units misrepresents the net asset value of the Fund Units; 
or 
(l) 
any other event or circumstance which, in the reasonable opinion of the Calculation Agent 
acting in good faith, causes the terms of the Fund Linked Notes to no longer reflect the 
original commercial terms as provided in the terms and conditions of these Fund Linked 
Notes; or 
(m) 
any event or circumstance analogous to any of the foregoing events or circumstances as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Fund(s)" means the fund(s) specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund Business Day" any day in respect of which (i) the NAV of the Fund is scheduled to be calculated 
and published and (ii) the Fund is expected to be open for subscription and/or redemption of shares or units 
in the Fund, in each case in accordance with the Fund Documents (without giving effect to any gating, 
deferral, suspension or other provisions permitting the Fund to calculate, publish or announce NAV or delay 
or refuse redemption of units or shares of the Fund under the Fund Documents). 
"Fund Disrupted Day" With respect to the Fund, any day on which a Fund Valuation Disruption or a Fund 
Settlement Disruption has occurred or is continuing in the opinion of the Calculation Agent. 
"Fund Documents" means, in relation to any Fund, the constitutive and governing documents, subscription 
agreements and other agreements of such Fund specifying the terms and conditions relating to such Fund, 
in each case as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Fund Manager" means such entity or entities as the Calculation Agent may determine is for the time 
being the duly appointed manager of such Fund (and/or any entity or entities to whom such entity or entities 
may delegate any of its duties, rights, obligations or liabilities in respect of such Fund), or such other entity 
or entities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fund Merger Event" means, in respect of relevant Units, any of the following events that the Calculation 
Agent determines, in its sole opinion, has occurred or is likely to occur with respect to the Fund: 
(a) 
any change in the currency of denomination of the NAV of the relevant class of units of the 
Fund; or 
(b) 
any cancellation and re-issuance of units of the relevant class of units of the Fund with 
another fund in substitution thereof; or 
(c) 
reclassification or change of the Fund that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all of the assets in the Fund to another fund, entity or person; or 
(d) 
consolidation, amalgamation, merger or binding unit or share exchange of the Fund or the 
Fund Manager, with or into another fund, entity or person;

--- Page 154 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 152 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(e) 
other takeover offer for such Fund Units that results in a transfer of or an irrevocable 
commitment to transfer all such Fund Units (other than such units owned or controlled by 
the offeror); or 
(f) 
any event or circumstance analogous to any of the foregoing events or circumstances as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Fund Service Provider" means in respect of the Fund, any person who is appointed to provide services, 
directly or indirectly, for the Fund, whether or not specified in the Fund Documents, including without 
limitation, any investment adviser or manager, sub-investment adviser or manager, administrator, operator, 
management company, manager, depository, custodian, sub-custodian, prime broker, trustee, registrar and 
transfer agent, domiciliary agent. 
"Fund Settlement Disruption" means, in respect of the Fund, a failure by any of the Fund Service 
Providers to pay the full amount (whether expressed as a percentage or otherwise) of the redemption 
proceeds with respect of the units or shares in the Fund on or by such day. 
"Fund Valuation Disruption" means, in respect of a Fund Business Day, the NAV of the Fund, as 
calculated by its Fund Service Provider, not being calculated, published or announced at or about the 
Valuation Time on such Fund Business Day. 
"Fund Value" in respect of a Fund Business Day, the NAV on such Fund Business Day and in the case of 
the Valuation Date shall be the lesser of (i) the NAV on such Fund Business Day and (ii) the Realisation 
Price Per Unit (net of any Realisation Charges) determined by the Fund Manager in accordance with the 
Fund Documents. 
"Governmental Authority" means, relation to any applicable territory, any de facto or de jure government 
(or any agency or instrumentality thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority 
or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the 
central bank) of such territory. 
"Hedge Positions" means (i) in the context of a Hypothetical Broker Dealer, at any time, such hedge 
positions that the Issuer determines in its sole discretion that a Hypothetical Broker Dealer would have 
entered into in order to hedge the equity price, dividend and other price risk (collectively referred to as 
"Hedging Risk"), including but not limited to, currency risk and dividend risk assumed by the Issuer when 
entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Fund Linked Notes at that time, or (ii) in all 
other cases, any purchase, sale, entry into or maintenance of one or more (a) positions or contracts in 
securities, options, futures, derivatives or foreign exchange, (b) stock loan transactions or (c) other 
instruments or arrangements (howsoever described) by the Issuer in order to hedge, individually or on a 
portfolio basis, any risk in connection with the Fund Linked Notes. 
"Hedging Disruption" means that the Issuer or any of its affiliates is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (A) acquire, establish re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose of any 
transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the unit price risk and any other price risk (including 
but not limited to, currency risk) of entering into and performing its obligations with respect to the Fund 
Linked Notes or in connection with its Hedge Position or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any 
such transaction(s) or asset(s) (which shall include, but not limited to, the Issuer's inability to freely realise, 
recover, receive, repatriate, remit or transfer out of or into any Relevant Jurisdiction the proceeds of or any 
other amounts received in connection with its Hedge Positions). 
"Hypothetical Broker Dealer" means a hypothetical person resident in the same jurisdiction as, and 
subject to the same securities, tax and other laws and rules and regulations of any financial and securities 
regulators, exchanges and self-regulating organisations as apply to, the Issuer or any affiliate(s) of the Issuer. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that the Issuer or any of its affiliates would incur materially increased 
costs (as compared with circumstances existing on the Issue Date), including, without limitation, the 
amount of tax (including any potential tax which the Calculation Agent considers may arise), duty, expense 
or fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (A) hold, acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, 
unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the Issuer's obligations with 
respect to the Fund Linked Notes, or (B) realise, recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s)

--- Page 155 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 153 -
70-41019079 
 
 
or asset(s), provided that any such materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the 
deterioration of the creditworthiness of the Issuer or its designated affiliates, as applicable, shall not be 
deemed an Increased Cost of Hedging. 
"Initial Subscription Price" means the subscription price that a hypothetical investor in the Fund would 
have paid for a Fund Unit subscribed on the Subscription Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"NAV" means in respect of each Fund Business Day, the net asset value of one Unit in the Fund as published 
by or on behalf of the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider) on such Fund Business Day. 
"Note Executed Price" means, in respect of each Note, an amount in U.S. dollar or such other currency as 
the Issuer shall specify in the applicable final terms, rounded down to the nearest cent or equivalent 
denomination in such other currency, determined as follows: 
Notional Value x Specified Denomination x Performance Rate 
"Notional Value" means the value specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Payment Day" means a day, other than a Saturday, Sunday or public holiday, in which banks are generally 
open to settle payments in the city or cities determined by the Calculation Agent to be the principal financial 
centre(s) for the Settlement Currency. 
"Performance Rate" means, in respect of a Fund Business Day on which the Note Executed Price is to be 
determined (a "Note Execution Date"), a percentage determined as follows: 
(Fund Value on that Note Execution Date / Initial Subscription Price) x 100% 
"Potential Adjustment Event" means the occurrence, as determined by the Calculation Agent, at any time 
on or prior to the Valuation Date of any of the following events in relation to the Fund:  
(a) 
a subdivision, reclassification, reorganisation or consolidation of the Fund Units (other than 
that constituting a Fund Merger Event), or a free distribution or dividend of any such Fund 
Units to existing holders by way of bonus, capitalisation or similar issue;  
(b) 
a distribution, issue or dividend to existing holders of the relevant Fund Units of (i) an 
additional amount of such Fund Units, or (ii) other share capital or securities granting the 
right to payment of dividends and/or the proceeds of liquidation of the Fund equally or 
proportionately with such payments to holders of such Fund Units, or (iii) share capital or 
other securities of another issuer acquire or owned (directly or indirectly) by the Fund as a 
result of a spin-off or other similar transaction or (iv) any other type of securities, rights or 
warrants or other assets, in any case for payment (cash or other consideration) at less than 
the prevailing market price as determined by the Calculation Agent;  
(c) 
an extraordinary dividend; 
(d) 
a repurchase by the Fund of such Fund Units whether the consideration for such repurchase 
is cash, securities or otherwise, other than in respect of a redemption of Fund Units initiated 
by an investor in such Fund Units that is consistent with the Fund Documents; or  
(e) 
any other event that may have a diluting or concentrative effect on the theoretical value of 
the relevant Fund Units. 
"Realisation Charge" and "Realisation Price per Unit" shall have the meanings given to them in the Fund 
Documents.  
"Relevant Jurisdiction" means any jurisdiction applicable to the Fund, the Manager, the Trustee or any of 
the Fund Service Providers.

--- Page 156 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 154 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Subscription Date" means the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Termination" means: 
(a) 
the Fund is terminated, or the Trustee or the Manager is required to terminate the Fund under 
the Fund Documents or applicable law, or the termination of the Fund commences; or 
(b) 
the Fund is held or is conceded by the Trustee or the Manager not to have been constituted 
or to have been imperfectly constituted; or 
(c) 
the Trustee ceases to be authorised by the Fund Manager to hold the property of the Fund in 
its name and to perform its obligations under the Fund Documents; or 
(d) 
the cancellation, suspension or revocation of the registration or approval of such Units or the 
Fund by any Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over the Fund or the Fund Manager; 
or 
(e) 
the Fund or its Trustee or Manager or its investment manager or investment adviser (or their 
respective delegates) becomes subject to any investigation, proceeding or litigation by any 
relevant governmental authority involving the alleged violation of applicable law for any 
activities relating to or resulting from the operation of such Fund Manager, Trustee or 
Manager or its investment manager or investment adviser (or their respective delegates) 
(f) 
the Fund Manager, the Trustee and/or any Fund Service Provider, ceases administration, 
portfolio management, investment services, custodian, prime brokerage, or any other 
relevant business (as applicable);  
"Unit" means one Unit in the Fund. 
"Valuation Date" means the date specified as such in the Final Terms provided that if such date is not a 
Fund Business Day, then the next following Fund Business Day shall be the Valuation Date (the 
"Scheduled Valuation Date"), unless, in the opinion of the Calculation Agent, such day is a Fund 
Disrupted Day. If such day is a Fund Disrupted Day, then the Fund Value shall be determined on the first 
succeeding Fund Business Day that is not a Fund Disrupted Day.  
"Valuation Time" means, in respect of each Fund Business Day, the time at which the net asset value of 
the Fund is ordinarily published or announced by or on behalf of the Fund (or its Fund Service Provider) 
on such Fund Business Day.

--- Page 157 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 155 -
70-41019079 
 
 
CURRENCY ANNEX 
Where specified as applicable in any Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes under the Programme, the 
provisions of this Currency Annex shall apply to such Notes as if expressly set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
1. 
Amendment to the Conditions in relation to the Notes 
1.1 
In relation to the Notes, the following shall be inserted as Conditions 6.9 to 6.13 (inclusive) 
(together, the "Additional Conditions"): 
6.9 
Application of this Currency Annex 
(a) 
Where any amount in the Conditions is expressed to be subject to an FX 
Calculation, the FX Calculation shall be made subject to and in accordance with 
this Currency Annex by the Calculation Agent, such determination being 
conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Issuer (in the absence of 
manifest error). 
(b) 
Where any payment due under the Conditions or FX Calculation is affected by an 
applicable Disruption Event, such payment or FX Calculation shall be made 
subject to and in accordance with this Currency Annex. 
6.10 
Disruption Events 
(a) 
Applicable Disruption Events 
A Disruption Event is applicable if it is so specified in the Disruption Event 
Terms. If no Disruption Event is specified, then no Disruption Event will be 
deemed to have been specified. If one or more Disruption Events are specified, 
only the Disruption Events specified will apply. 
(b) 
Determination of Disruption Event 
(i) 
The Calculation Agent will determine in good faith whether a Disruption 
Event has occurred, which determination shall be final and binding on 
the Issuer and the Noteholders (in the absence of manifest error). 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of a Disruption Event as determined by the 
Calculation Agent, the Issuer shall deliver a notice (a "Disruption Event 
Notice") to the Noteholders. The Disruption Event Notice shall: 
(I) 
describe the grounds on which the Calculation Agent determined 
that there had been a Disruption Event; 
(II) 
specify the applicable Disruption Fallback; 
(III) 
specify whether or not the Disruption Event has caused Early 
Redemption; and 
(IV) 
if the Disruption Event has caused Early Redemption, specify 
the due date for Early Redemption (being a date not more than 
30 nor less than 15 days after the date of the Disruption Event 
Notice) and the Early Redemption Amount. 
(c) 
Determination of Method of Settlement upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Disruption Event applicable to the 
Notes has occurred and is continuing: 
(i) 
in the case of any Disruption Event other than Dual Exchange Rate, 
Illiquidity, Material Change in Circumstance, Price Materiality or Price 
Source Disruption, on a Settlement Date;

--- Page 158 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 156 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Dual Exchange Rate, Price Materiality or Price Source 
Disruption, on a Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates 
for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by the relevant price source); 
(iii) 
in the case of Illiquidity, (A) if an Illiquidity Valuation Date is specified 
in the Final Terms, on an Illiquidity Valuation Date or, (B) if such a date 
is not specified, on a Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which 
rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant price source); and 
(iv) 
in the case of Material Change in Circumstance, on a Valuation Date (or, 
if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the 
ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) 
or a Settlement Date, 
the Settlement Rate will be determined or the payment obligations under the 
Notes will be altered, as the case may be, in accordance with the terms of the first 
applicable Disruption Fallback pursuant to Condition 6.11 (Disruption Fallback). 
For purposes of this sub-paragraph (c) only, the definition of "Business Day" as 
applied to the definition of Valuation Date and Settlement Date will include any 
day on which, in the case of a Valuation Date, commercial banks would have been 
open or, in the case of a Settlement Date, commercial banks would have effected 
delivery of the currency to be delivered, but for the occurrence in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction of a banking moratorium or other similar event related to 
any applicable Disruption Event. Save as provided herein, Noteholders shall not 
be entitled to any additional payment or other assets, whether in respect of interest 
or otherwise, in connection with any change in the payment obligations or the 
method of making any FX Calculation under the Notes pursuant to these 
Conditions as a result of a Disruption Event. 
(d) 
FX Break Costs on Redemption Prior to Maturity Date 
If any Note falls due for redemption in full prior to the Maturity Date and FX 
Break Costs is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Calculation Agent 
shall determine the FX Break Costs in relation to such Note, and the Early 
Redemption Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, 
other amount payable to the Noteholder upon redemption of the Note shall be 
reduced by the amount of the FX Break Costs, unless the amount so payable has 
already been determined by reference to FX Break Costs or has had FX Break 
Costs specifically excluded from such determination. 
(e) 
Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event 
If an applicable Disruption Event occurs and such Disruption Event is specified 
in the Disruption Event Terms, Condition 6.10(f) (Early Redemption upon 
Occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event) or Condition 6.11(a) 
(Disruption Fallback – Applicable Disruption Fallbacks) as an event which 
causes Early Redemption, the Notes shall become due for redemption by the 
Issuer on the due date for Early Redemption specified in the Disruption Event 
Notice at the Early Redemption Amount less, in the case of any Instalment Note, 
the aggregate of all Instalment Amounts that shall have become due and payable 
in respect of such Notes prior to the date fixed for redemption (which amount, if 
and to the extent not then paid, shall remain due and payable), together with any 
interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption. Where any payment of the Early 
Redemption Amount or FX Calculation in relation to the determination of the 
Early Redemption Amount is affected by an applicable Disruption Event, such 
payment obligation shall be altered or such FX Calculation shall be made pursuant 
to this Currency Annex. Otherwise, the Disruption Fallbacks shall not apply in 
relation to such Disruption Event.

--- Page 159 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 157 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(f) 
Early Redemption upon Occurrence of an Administrator/Benchmark Event  
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Administrator/Benchmark Event has 
occurred and is continuing on a Settlement Date, Valuation Date (or, if different, 
the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be 
published or announced by the relevant price source) or Illiquidity Valuation Date, 
the Calculation Agent may determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which 
event the Issuer will cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each Note 
held by it an amount determined pursuant to Condition 6.10(e) (Early Redemption 
upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event) above. 
6.11 
Disruption Fallback 
(a) 
Applicable Disruption Fallbacks 
Subject to Conditions 6.10(e) (Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event) and 6.11(c) (Disruption Fallback – Settlement 
Currency), a Disruption Fallback is applicable if it is so specified in the 
Disruption Event Terms. If no Disruption Fallback is specified, then, save as 
provided under Conditions 6.10(e) (Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event), 6.11(b) (Disruption Fallback – Presumed 
Disruption Fallbacks) and 6.11(c) (Disruption Fallback – Settlement Currency), 
no Disruption Fallback will be deemed to have been specified. If one or more 
Disruption Fallbacks are specified, only the Disruption Fallbacks specified will 
apply (in the order so specified), save as provided in Conditions 6.10(e) 
(Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event) 
and 6.11(c) (Disruption Fallback – Settlement Currency). 
(b) 
Presumed Disruption Fallbacks 
Unless otherwise provided in these Conditions and subject to Condition 6.10(e) 
(Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event), 
if no Disruption Fallback is specified in the Disruption Event Terms with respect 
to an applicable Disruption Event, the following Disruption Fallbacks will be 
deemed to have been specified (in the following order) with respect to the 
Disruption Event indicated: 
(i) 
in respect of Settlement/Custodial Event, Assignment of Claim against 
Custodian; 
(ii) 
in respect of General Inconvertibility, General Non-Transferability, 
Specific Inconvertibility and Specific Non-Transferability, 
(a) 
Currency Substitute; and 
(b) 
Settlement Postponement; 
(iii) 
in respect of Benchmark Obligation Default and Governmental Authority 
Default, 
(a) 
Local Asset Substitute-Gross, where the Benchmark Obligation 
so Delivered must be, in the case of Benchmark Obligation 
Default, the Benchmark Obligation subject to that default or, in 
the case of Governmental Authority Default, an obligation 
subject to that default; and 
(b) 
Settlement Postponement; 
(iv) 
in respect of Nationalisation, 
(a) 
Settlement Postponement; and

--- Page 160 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 158 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Assignment of Claim; 
(v) 
in respect of Price Materiality, the Fallback Reference Price specified for 
such purpose or, if none is specified, the Fallback Reference Price as if 
Currency-Reference Dealers were the alternate Settlement Rate Option; 
(vi) 
in respect of Illiquidity and Price Source Disruption, 
(a) 
the Fallback Reference Price specified for such purpose or, if 
none is specified, the Fallback Reference Price as if Currency-
Reference Dealers were the alternate Settlement Rate Option; 
and 
(b) 
Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement Rate; 
(vii) 
in respect of Dual Exchange Rate, the Fallback Reference Price specified 
for such purpose or, if none is specified, Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate; and 
(viii) 
in respect of Material Change in Circumstance, the Notes will be 
redeemed in accordance with Condition 6.10(e) (Disruption Events - 
Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event). 
(c) 
Settlement Currency 
If in the sole determination of the Issuer (which shall be final and binding on the 
Noteholders): 
(i) 
after applying all applicable Disruption Fallbacks, the Issuer is not able 
to effect settlement of a Settlement Currency Amount in the Settlement 
Currency; or 
(ii) 
following the occurrence of a Credit Event, the payment of the Cash 
Settlement Amount or the Adjusted Cash Settlement Amount (as the case 
may be) is affected by a Disruption Event, 
then the Issuer shall effect settlement of the Settlement Currency Amount or pay 
the Cash Settlement Amount or the Adjusted Cash Settlement Amount (as the 
case may be): 
(a) 
in the Reference Currency at such Spot Rate as the Calculation Agent 
shall determine and in such manner as the Issuer shall in its absolute 
discretion determine; or 
(b) 
if in the sole determination of the Issuer (which shall be final and binding 
on the Noteholders), it is not able to effect settlement or payment in the 
manner specified in sub-paragraph (a) above, in such currency and in 
such manner as it shall in its absolute discretion determine and converted 
at such Spot Rate as the Calculation Agent shall determine. 
(d) 
More than one Disruption Event 
Unless otherwise specified in the Disruption Event Terms, if the Calculation 
Agent determines that more than one applicable Disruption Event has occurred 
and is continuing on a Settlement Date, Valuation Date (or, if different, the day 
on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary course, be published 
or announced by the relevant price source) or Illiquidity Valuation Date, then all 
such Disruption Events must be remedied in respect of such Note in accordance 
with the terms of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks in the following order: 
(i) 
if Settlement/Custodial Event is applicable, then the Disruption Fallback 
specified or deemed specified with respect to Settlement/Custodial Event

--- Page 161 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 159 -
70-41019079 
 
 
must be applied until such Settlement/Custodial Event is remedied. If the 
Notes are to be settled in accordance with the provisions of the 
Assignment of Claim against Custodian Disruption Fallback, then the 
Disruption Events listed in sub paragraphs (ii) to (vi) (inclusive) below 
will be deemed remedied; 
(ii) 
if Dual Exchange Rate, Illiquidity, Price Materiality or Price Source 
Disruption is applicable and is not remedied before the Settlement Date, 
Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
relevant price source) or Illiquidity Valuation Date, then the Disruption 
Fallbacks specified or deemed specified with respect to Dual Exchange 
Rate, Illiquidity, Price Materiality or Price Source Disruption, 
respectively, must be applied to the Notes (in the specified order) until 
the Dual Exchange Rate Disruption Event, Illiquidity Disruption Event, 
Price Materiality Disruption Event or Price Source Disruption Event is 
remedied and a Settlement Rate is determined; 
(iii) 
if Nationalisation is applicable, then the Disruption Fallbacks specified 
or deemed specified with respect to Nationalisation must be applied (in 
the specified order) until such Nationalisation Disruption Event is 
remedied. If the payment obligations under the Notes are altered in 
accordance with the provisions of the Assignment of Claim Disruption 
Fallback, then the Disruption Events listed in sub-paragraphs (iv) to (vi) 
(inclusive) below will be deemed remedied; 
(iv) 
if Benchmark Obligation Default or Governmental Authority Default is 
applicable, then the Disruption Fallbacks specified or deemed specified 
with respect to Benchmark Obligation Default or Governmental 
Authority Default, as the case may be, must be applied (in the specified 
order) until such Benchmark Obligation Default Disruption Event or 
Governmental Authority Default Disruption Event is remedied. If the 
Notes are to be settled in accordance with the provisions of the Local 
Asset Substitute-Gross Disruption Fallback, then the Disruption Events 
listed in sub-paragraphs (v) and (vi) (inclusive) below will be deemed 
remedied; 
(v) 
if General Inconvertibility, General Non-Transferability, Specific 
Inconvertibility or Specific Non-Transferability is applicable, then the 
Disruption Fallbacks specified or deemed specified with respect to 
General 
Inconvertibility, 
General 
Non-Transferability, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility or Specific Non-Transferability, respectively, must be 
applied (in the specified order) until such General Inconvertibility 
Disruption Event, General Non-Transferability Disruption Event, 
Specific 
Inconvertibility 
Disruption 
Event 
or 
Specific 
Non-
Transferability Disruption Event is remedied; and 
(vi) 
if Material Change in Circumstance is applicable, then the Disruption 
Fallbacks specified or deemed specified with respect to Material Change 
in Circumstance must be applied (in the specified order) until such 
Material Change in Circumstance Disruption Event is remedied. 
(e) 
Non-compliant Fallbacks 
Notwithstanding anything else in this Currency Annex, if, in respect of the Notes, 
it (a) is or would be unlawful at any time under any applicable law or regulation 
or (b) would contravene any applicable licensing requirements, in each case, for 
the Calculation Agent to determine the FX Rate, make any FX Calculation in 
relation to the Notes or make any other determination in respect of the Notes 
which it would otherwise be obliged to do so under this Currency Annex (or it 
would be unlawful or would contravene those licensing requirements were a

--- Page 162 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 160 -
70-41019079 
 
 
determination to be made at such time), then (where no other applicable provision 
in this Currency Annex results in such determination being made) the Calculation 
Agent may determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer 
will cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by it an 
amount determined Condition 6.10(e) (Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event). 
(f) 
Inability to remedy 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Disruption Event cannot be remedied 
by applying any of the applicable Disruption Fallbacks, the Calculation Agent 
may determine that the Notes shall be redeemed, in which event the Issuer will 
cause to be paid to each Noteholder in respect of each Note held by it an amount 
determined pursuant to Condition 6.10(e) (Early Redemption upon Occurrence of 
a Disruption Event). 
6.12 
Settlement Basis 
(a) 
Cash Settlement 
(i) 
Where all of the applicable Disruption Events are remedied through the 
application of a Disruption Fallback which provides for cash payment 
(whether in the Settlement Currency or in another currency) on the 
relevant Settlement Date or through the application of the Settlement 
Postponement Disruption Fallback, such payment shall be made in the 
manner specified under this Condition 6 subject to the terms of the 
applicable Disruption Fallback. 
(ii) 
Where Condition 6.12(a) (Settlement Basis – Cash Settlement) applies 
and it is in the opinion of the Issuer impossible or impracticable to effect 
payment pursuant to the applicable Disruption Fallback on the Settlement 
Date, the payment obligation shall be effected as soon as practicable after 
the Settlement Date on which such payment would otherwise be made. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no Noteholder shall be entitled to any 
additional payment or to other assets, whether in respect of interest or 
otherwise, in the event of such payment being effected after the date on 
which such payment would otherwise be made or otherwise due to 
circumstances beyond the control of the Issuer. 
(b) 
Physical Settlement 
Where a Disruption Event has occurred and save where Condition 6.12(a) 
(Settlement Basis – Cash Settlement) applies, the payment obligations under the 
Notes shall be replaced by an obligation to effect Physical Settlement in the 
manner specified under Condition 6.13 (Physical Settlement). 
6.13 
Physical Settlement 
(a) 
Notice of Physical Settlement 
If these Conditions require the Issuer to effect Physical Settlement following a 
Disruption Event and Deliver assets (including, without limitation, Benchmark 
Obligations, rights and claims, but not cash) ("Substitute Asset") on a Physical 
Settlement Date, the Issuer shall, if such information is not already contained in 
the Disruption Event Notice, as soon as practicable after a Disruption Event has 
occurred, deliver to the Noteholders a notice (the "Notice of Physical 
Settlement") in which the Issuer shall give a detailed description of the applicable 
Disruption Fallback and the Substitute Asset. Where the Issuer requires the 
Noteholders to complete an Asset Transfer Notice in order to obtain Delivery of 
the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset, the 
Notice of Physical Settlement shall provide for such request.

--- Page 163 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 161 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(b) 
Delivery on the Physical Settlement Date 
On or prior to the Physical Settlement Date, the Issuer shall, subject to Condition 
6.13(d) (Pre-condition to Issuer's obligation to Deliver), Deliver to each 
Noteholder the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset. The Issuer's obligation to pay the relevant Settlement Currency Amount 
shall cease and be replaced by an obligation to Deliver the Relevant Proportion 
of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset pursuant to this Condition. In 
the event that the Issuer, for any reason whatsoever, is unable to effect Delivery 
of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset to 
any Noteholder by the Physical Settlement Date, the Issuer may continue to 
attempt such Delivery for an additional five Business Days after the Physical 
Settlement Date. Subject to Condition 6.13(f) (Partial Cash Settlement), failure 
by the Issuer to Deliver to a Noteholder the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset on or prior to the date that is five 
Business Days after the Physical Settlement Date shall not constitute an Event of 
Default and shall not entitle the Noteholders to any right or claim for additional 
compensation or otherwise. 
(c) 
Delivery 
To "Deliver" the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset pursuant to Condition 6.13(a) (Notice of Physical Settlement) and Condition 
6.13(b) (Delivery on the Physical Settlement Date) means to deliver, novate, 
transfer (including in the case of a guarantee, transfer of the benefit of the 
guarantee), assign or sell, as appropriate, in the manner customary for the 
settlement of the applicable Substitute Asset (which shall include executing all 
necessary documentation and taking any other necessary actions), in order to 
convey all right, title and interest in the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Substitute Asset to the Noteholder free and clear of any and all 
liens, charges, claims or encumbrances (including without limitation any 
counterclaim, defence or right of set-off); provided that to the extent that the 
Substitute Asset consists of guarantees, "Deliver" shall mean to Deliver both the 
guarantee and the underlying obligation. "Delivery" and "Delivered" shall be 
construed accordingly. 
(d) 
Pre-condition to Issuer's obligation to Deliver 
In order to obtain Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount 
of the Substitute Asset, if requested by the Issuer pursuant to Condition 6.13(a) 
(Notice of Physical Settlement), each Noteholder must deliver to the Issuer or the 
Registrar (if different) within five Business Days of the date of delivery of the 
Notice of Physical Settlement (the "Cut-Off Date"), a duly completed Asset 
Transfer Notice in accordance with Condition 6.13(h) (Asset Transfer Notice 
Requirements) the form of which may be obtained from the specified office of the 
Issuer or the Registrar (if different) and, in the case of a holding of a Definitive 
Note or Registered Note, the Note (which expression shall, for the purposes of 
this Condition 6.13(d), include Certificate(s), Receipt(s) and, if applicable, all 
unmatured Coupons and unmatured and unexchanged Talons, in accordance with 
the provisions of Condition 6.6 (Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and 
Unexchanged Talons). In the event that the Note is represented by a Global Note, 
an Asset Transfer Notice must be delivered to the Issuer via the relevant Clearing 
System, by such method of delivery as the relevant Clearing System shall have 
approved. 
After delivery of an Asset Transfer Notice, no transfers of the Notes specified 
therein which are represented by a Global Note will be effected by any relevant 
Clearing System and no transfers of Registered Notes specified therein will be 
effected by the Registrar.

--- Page 164 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 162 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(e) 
Timing of delivery of Asset Transfer Notice 
Upon receipt of a duly completed Asset Transfer Notice and, in the case of 
Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, the Notes to which such notice relates, the 
Issuer, any relevant Clearing System or the Registrar, as the case may be, shall 
verify that the person specified therein as the accountholder or registered holder, 
as the case may be, is the Holder of the Note referred to therein according to its 
books or the Register, as the case may be. 
Subject as provided herein, in relation to each Note, the Relevant Proportion of 
the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset will be Delivered to the relevant 
Noteholder at the risk of such Noteholder. 
If the Asset Transfer Notice and (with respect to Definitive Notes and Registered 
Notes) the relevant Note are delivered to the Issuer later than close of business in 
London on the Cut-Off Date, then the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Substitute Assets will be Delivered as soon as practicable after the 
date on which Delivery of the same would otherwise be made, at the risk of such 
Noteholder in the manner provided above. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
Noteholder shall not be entitled to any payment or to other assets, whether in 
respect of interest or otherwise, in the event of the Delivery of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset taking place after 
the date on which Delivery of the same would otherwise be made pursuant to the 
provisions of this Condition 6.13 or otherwise due to circumstances beyond the 
control of the Issuer. 
If the relevant Noteholder fails to deliver an Asset Transfer Notice in the manner 
set out herein or delivers an Asset Transfer Notice on any day falling after the day 
that is 180 calendar days after the Cut-Off Date or (in the case of Definitive Notes 
or Registered Notes) fails to deliver the Notes related thereto, or fails to pay the 
Delivery Expenses or the FX Break Costs (if they are a negative amount) pursuant 
to Condition 6.13(j) (Physical Settlement – Costs and expenses), the Issuer shall 
be discharged from its obligations in respect of such Note and shall have no 
further obligation or liability whatsoever in respect thereof. 
(f) 
Partial Cash Settlement 
(i) 
If due to an event beyond the control of the Issuer it is impossible, 
impracticable or illegal for the Issuer to Deliver, or due to an event 
beyond the control of any Noteholder or its designated nominee, it is 
impossible, impracticable or illegal for such Noteholder to accept 
Delivery of, all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Substitute Asset by the Physical Settlement Date 
(including, without limitation, failure of the relevant Clearing System or 
due to any law, regulation or court order, but not including market 
conditions or failure to obtain any requisite consent with respect to the 
Delivery of loans) then by such date the Issuer shall provide a description 
in reasonable detail of the facts giving rise to such impossibility, 
impracticability or illegality and the Issuer shall Deliver and such 
Noteholder or its designated nominee shall take Delivery of that portion 
(if any) of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Substitute Asset for which it is possible, practicable and legal to take 
Delivery. As soon as possible thereafter, the Issuer shall Deliver and such 
Noteholder, its originally designated nominee or any new designated 
nominee shall take Delivery of the remaining portion of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset. 
(ii) 
If: 
(A) 
following the occurrence of any impossibility, impracticability 
or illegality referred to in (i) above, all or a portion of the

--- Page 165 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 163 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset is not Delivered on or prior to the Latest Permissible 
Physical Settlement Date; or 
(B) 
all or a portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Substitute Asset includes assets which, due to the 
non-receipt of any requisite consents, are not, by the Physical 
Settlement Date, capable of being delivered, assigned, novated, 
transferred or sold to any relevant Noteholder or its nominee and 
such consents are not obtained or deemed given by the Latest 
Permissible Physical Settlement Date, 
then Partial Cash Settlement pursuant to (iii) below shall be deemed to 
apply with respect to that portion of the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset that cannot be Delivered for 
the reasons specified in (A) above (the "Undeliverable Asset") or that 
portion of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Substitute Asset of the type referred to in (B) above that cannot be 
Delivered to a Noteholder or its nominee without consent (the "Consent 
Required Assets"). 
(iii) 
On the Partial Cash Settlement Date, the Issuer shall pay to each relevant 
Noteholder the Relevant Proportion of the Partial Cash Settlement 
Amount adjusted for any amount Delivered to the Noteholder pursuant 
to (i) above and upon discharge by the Issuer of such payment obligation 
on the Partial Cash Settlement Date, the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
the relevant Note(s) shall be discharged. For the purposes of this 
Condition 6.13(f): 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" means, for each Undeliverable Asset or 
Consent Required Asset, the greater of (A) the Event Currency Amount or 
Specified Value, as applicable, of each Undeliverable Asset or Consent Required 
Asset, multiplied by the prevailing mid-market price of such Undeliverable Asset 
or Consent Required Asset as determined by the Calculation Agent and (B) zero; 
and 
"Partial Cash Settlement Date" means the date that is three Business Days after 
the Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date or as otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms. 
(g) 
Delivery of Substitute Asset after Physical Settlement Date 
If, in accordance with Conditions 6.13(d) (Pre-condition to Issuer's obligation to 
Deliver), 6.13(e) (Timing of delivery of Asset Transfer Notice) and 6.13(f) (Partial 
Cash Settlement), the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Substitute Asset is Delivered later than the Physical Settlement Date, until 
Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset is made to the relevant Noteholder, the Issuer or any person holding such 
assets on behalf of the Issuer shall continue to be the legal owner of those assets. 
None of the Issuer and any such other person shall (i) be under any obligation to 
deliver or procure delivery to such Noteholder or any subsequent transferee any 
letter, certificate, notice, circular or any other document or payment whatsoever 
received by that person in its capacity as the holder of such assets, (ii) be under 
any obligation to exercise or procure the exercise of any or all rights (including 
voting rights) attaching or appertaining to such assets until the date of Delivery, 
or (iii) be under any liability to such Noteholder or subsequent transferee for any 
loss, liability, damage, cost or expense that such Noteholder or subsequent 
transferee may sustain or suffer as a result, whether directly or indirectly, of that 
person not being the legal owner of such assets until the date of Delivery.

--- Page 166 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 164 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(h) 
Asset Transfer Notice Requirements 
An Asset Transfer Notice is irrevocable and must (to the extent applicable): 
(i) 
specify the account details or name of the person to whom Delivery of 
the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset is to be made; 
(ii) 
specify the number of Notes which are the subject of such notice; 
(iii) 
in the event such Notes are represented by a Global Note: 
(A) 
specify the number of the Noteholder's account at the relevant 
Clearing System to be debited with such Notes; and 
(B) 
irrevocably instruct and authorise the relevant Clearing System 
to debit the relevant Noteholder's account with such Notes on 
the due date for redemption of the Notes; 
(iv) 
in the event that such Notes are Registered Notes, irrevocably instruct 
and authorise the Registrar to effect the transfer of the relevant Notes; 
(v) 
authorise the production of such notice in any applicable administrative 
or legal proceedings; 
(vi) 
authorise the Issuer to deduct from the Relevant Proportion of the 
Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset to be delivered in accordance 
with such notice, the Delivery Expenses as referred to in Condition 
6.13(j) (Physical Settlement – Costs and expenses) below; and 
(vii) 
contain any further information as may be requested by the Issuer in the 
Notice of Physical Settlement for the purpose of effecting such 
settlement. 
Failure properly to complete and deliver an Asset Transfer Notice and, in the case 
of Definitive Notes or Registered Notes, to deliver the relevant Note(s), may 
result in such notice being treated as null and void. Any determination as to 
whether such notice has been properly completed and delivered as provided in 
these Conditions shall be made by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion 
and shall be conclusive and binding on the relevant Noteholder. 
(i) 
Fractional Entitlement 
If the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset 
comprises less than a multiple of a whole number of the Substitute Asset at the 
relevant time, then (i) the Issuer shall not Deliver and the relevant Noteholder 
shall not be entitled to receive in respect of its Notes that fraction of an asset 
which is less than a whole number (the "Fractional Entitlement") and (ii) the 
Issuer shall pay to the relevant Noteholder a cash amount (to be paid at the same 
time as Delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Substitute Asset) equal to the value (as determined by the Calculation Agent) of 
such Fractional Entitlement. 
(j) 
Costs and expenses 
(i) 
The 
costs 
and 
expenses, 
including 
any 
stamp, registration, 
documentation or similar taxes (the "Delivery Expenses"), of effecting 
any delivery of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the 
Substitute Asset (except for the expenses of delivery by uninsured 
regular mail (if any), which shall be borne by the Issuer) and the amount 
of the FX Break Costs (if they are a negative amount) shall be borne by

--- Page 167 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 165 -
70-41019079 
 
 
the Noteholder and shall at the option of each Noteholder as specified in 
the Asset Transfer Notice either be: 
(A) 
paid to the Issuer by such Noteholder prior to the Delivery of the 
Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute 
Asset (and, for the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall not be 
required to Deliver any portion of the Substitute Asset to such 
Noteholder until it has received such payment); or 
(B) 
deducted by the Issuer from the amount which may be payable 
to such Noteholder in accordance with Conditions 6.13(f)(iii) 
(Partial Cash Settlement) and 6.13(i) (Fractional Entitlement) (if 
applicable). 
(ii) 
If the cash amount (if any) owing to a Noteholder under Conditions 
6.13(f)(iii) (Partial Cash Settlement) and 6.13(i) (Fractional 
Entitlement) is not sufficient to cover the Delivery Expenses, the Issuer 
may convert such amount of the Relevant Proportion of the Deliverable 
Amount of the Substitute Asset into cash sufficient to cover the Delivery 
Expenses and the amount of the FX Break Costs (if they are a negative 
amount) in respect of such Note from which the Issuer shall deduct such 
Delivery Expenses and the FX Break Costs. Each Note will then be 
redeemed by delivery of the remaining portion of the Relevant 
Proportion of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Asset in respect 
of such Note and, if applicable and after any deduction to cover the 
Delivery Expenses and the amount of the FX Break Costs (if they are a 
negative amount), payment of a cash amount in respect of any Fractional 
Entitlement arising, together with any other amounts to which such 
Noteholder is entitled upon redemption of such Note. 
(iii) 
If the FX Break Costs are a positive amount, such amount shall be paid 
in cash to the Noteholder on the date on which the Relevant Proportion 
of the Deliverable Amount of the Substitute Assets is Delivered to the 
Noteholder or (if later) the date on which the remaining portion thereof 
is Delivered to the Noteholder pursuant to Condition 6.13(f)(iii) (Partial 
Cash Settlement) or on the Partial Cash Settlement Date. 
(k) 
No Obligation to Register Noteholder 
The Issuer shall not be under any obligation to register or procure the registration 
of any Noteholder or any other person as the registered holder of any Substitute 
Asset to be delivered in the register of members or holders of securities of any 
company whose securities form part of the Substitute Asset. The Issuer shall not 
be obliged to account to any Noteholder for any entitlement received or receivable 
in respect of any of the Substitute Asset to be delivered if the date on which such 
are first traded ex such entitlement is on or prior to the date of Delivery. The 
Issuer shall determine, in its sole and absolute discretion, the date on which such 
assets are so first traded ex any such entitlement. 
(l) 
Delivery of Notices 
Any notice referred to in this Condition 6.13 (Physical Settlement) above 
delivered on or prior to 4.00 p.m. (London time) on a London Business Day will 
be effective on such London Business Day. A notice delivered after 4.00 p.m. 
(London time) on a London Business Day will be deemed effective on the next 
following London Business Day. Any such notice given must be in writing and, 
for so long as the Notes are held on behalf of a Clearing System, for the purpose 
of this Currency Annex, any such notice shall be treated as "delivered" to 
Noteholders when delivered to the relevant Clearing System, whether by email, 
by facsimile, by hand or any other method of delivery accepted by the relevant 
Clearing System for notices for onward transmission to its accountholders."

--- Page 168 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 166 -
70-41019079 
 
 
1.2 
In relation to the Notes, if the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex is applicable to the Notes, the 
following shall be inserted as Condition 5.2B(f): 
"5.2B(f) If an event or circumstance which would otherwise constitute or give rise to a Disruption 
Event also constitutes a Credit Event, it will be treated as a Credit Event under the Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex and will not constitute a Disruption Event." 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
For the purposes of these Conditions, the following words shall have the following meaning: 
"Affiliate" means, in relation to any person, any entity controlled, directly or indirectly, 
by the person, any entity that controls, directly or indirectly, the person or any entity 
directly or indirectly under common control with the person. For this purpose "control" of 
any entity or person means ownership of a majority of the voting power of the entity or 
person; 
"American Depositary Receipt" means, with respect to any Notes for which the relevant 
Settlement Rate Option is "CURRENCY-IMPLIED RATE (ADR)", a negotiable 
instrument issued by a commercial bank acting as a depositary that represents a specified 
number of common or ordinary shares issued by an entity organised outside the United 
States held in a safekeeping account with the depositary's custodian. 
"Asset Transfer Notice" means a notice that complies with Condition 6.13(h) (Asset 
Transfer Notice Requirements), issued by a Noteholder to the Issuer, in connection with a 
redemption of any Note by way of Physical Settlement; 
"Assignment of Claim" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed to 
be applicable under these Conditions, that, in respect of a Nationalisation Disruption 
Event, the Issuer or, if applicable, its Relevant Affiliate (the "Nationalised Party") whose 
assets relating to the relevant Note are subject to such an event (the "Nationalised Assets") 
will assign to the Noteholders its official claim for recovery of the Nationalised Assets 
against any Governmental Authority with respect to the occurrence of such 
Nationalisation Disruption Event (the "Claim") in an amount equal to the Event Currency 
Amount if such assignment is permitted under applicable law. If such assignment is not 
permitted under applicable law (and unless otherwise specified in these Conditions), the 
Nationalised Party will transfer a beneficial interest in such Claim to the Noteholders; 
"Assignment of Claim against Custodian" means, in respect of a Disruption Event, the 
Issuer whose assets relating to the relevant Note are subject to such an event (the "Custody 
Assets") will assign to the Noteholders its official claim for recovery of the Custody Assets 
against the Custodian with respect to the occurrence of such Disruption Event (the 
"Claim") in an amount equal to the face value of the Benchmark Obligation if such 
assignment is permitted under applicable law, and if such assignment is not permitted 
under applicable law (and unless otherwise specified in these Conditions), the Issuer will 
transfer a beneficial interest in such Claim to the Noteholders; 
"Benchmark Obligation(s)" means the obligation(s) so specified in the Disruption Event 
Terms; 
"Benchmark Obligation Default" means, with respect to any Benchmark Obligation, the 
occurrence of a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however 
described) including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any 
principal, interest or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace 
periods) in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, (B) a declared moratorium, standstill, 
waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any principal, interest or other amounts 
due in respect of such Benchmark Obligation, or (C) the amendment or modification of 
the terms and conditions of payment of any principal, interest or other amounts due in 
respect of such Benchmark Obligation without the consent of all holders of such 
Benchmark Obligation. The determination of the existence or occurrence of any default, 
event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without regard to any

--- Page 169 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 167 -
70-41019079 
 
 
lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of the relevant entity to issue or enter into 
such Benchmark Obligation; 
"Consent Required Assets" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(f)(ii) 
(Physical Settlement – Partial Cash Settlement); 
"Currency Reference Dealer Specified Time" means, with respect to any Note for which 
the relevant Settlement Rate Option is "CURRENCY-REFERENCE DEALERS", the 
time specified as such in the Final Terms; 
"Currency Substitute" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed to 
be applicable under these Conditions, that the obligation of the Issuer to pay the Settlement 
Currency Amount will be replaced by an obligation to pay an amount of Event Currency 
equal to the Event Currency Amount on the Settlement Date; 
"Custodian" means any custodian (or any successor thereof) used by the Issuer (or its 
designee) for the purposes of holding the Benchmark Obligation; 
"Cut-Off Date" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(d) (Physical 
Settlement – Pre-condition to Issuer's obligation to Deliver); 
"Deliver", "Delivered" and "Delivery" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 
6.13(c) (Physical Settlement – Delivery); 
"Deliverable Amount" means a nominal amount of Substitute Assets equal to the 
outstanding Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes at the Physical Settlement Date; 
"Delivery Expenses" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(j) (Physical 
Settlement – Costs and expenses); 
"Disruption Event" means an event that, if applicable as specified in the Disruption Event 
Terms, would give rise in accordance with an applicable Disruption Fallback to either an 
alternative basis for determining the Settlement Rate or an alteration to the payment 
obligations under the Notes; 
"Disruption Event Terms" means the terms contained in the applicable Final Terms 
where the Disruption Events and Disruption Fallbacks applicable to the Notes are 
specified; 
"Disruption Fallback" means a source or method that, if applicable as specified in the 
Disruption Event Terms or pursuant to Condition 6.11 (Disruption Fallback), gives rise 
to either an alternative basis for determining a Settlement Rate or an alteration to the 
payment obligations under the Notes as the case may be, when a Disruption Event has 
occurred and is continuing on the relevant date set forth in Condition 6.10(c) (Disruption 
Events - Determination of Method of Settlement upon Occurrence of a Disruption Event); 
"Dual Exchange Rate" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed to 
be applicable under these Conditions, in relation to an applicable Settlement Rate Option, 
that the currency exchange rate specified in such Settlement Rate Option is split into dual 
or multiple currency exchange rates; 
"Early Redemption" means that the Notes will be redeemed in accordance with 
Condition 6.10(e) (Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon Occurrence of a 
Disruption Event); 
"Event Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such a 
currency is not specified, the Reference Currency; 
"Event Currency Amount" means (i) where the Event Currency is the Settlement 
Currency, the Settlement Currency Amount, or (ii) where the Event Currency is not the 
Settlement Currency, the Settlement Currency Amount converted into Event Currency at 
the Settlement Rate. For purposes of this definition: (a) the Valuation Date will be the

--- Page 170 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 168 -
70-41019079 
 
 
original date that, but for the occurrence of a Disruption Event, would have been the 
Settlement Date, and (b) the Settlement Rate will be the relevant method of determining 
the Settlement Rate specified in the Final Terms or, if the Calculation Agent determines 
(which determination shall be final and binding on the Issuer and the Noteholders) that 
such method of determining the Settlement Rate is inappropriate, the Settlement Rate shall 
be determined as if the Settlement Rate Option were Currency-Reference Dealers; 
"Event Currency Jurisdiction" means, in respect of a Note, the country for which the 
Event Currency is the lawful currency; 
"Fallback Reference Price" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed 
to be applicable under these Conditions, that the Calculation Agent will determine the 
Settlement Rate for a Note on the relevant Settlement Date or Valuation Date or Illiquidity 
Valuation Date (as applicable) (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation 
Date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced) pursuant to the first of the 
alternate Settlement Rate Options, if any, specified as a Fallback Reference Price for such 
purpose in the Disruption Event Terms that is not subject to a Disruption Event; 
"Fractional Entitlement" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(i) (Physical 
Settlement – Fractional Entitlement); 
"FX Break Costs" means, in relation to a Note which is redeemed prior to the Maturity 
Date and the terms of which include an FX Calculation, the amount determined by the 
Calculation Agent equivalent to the net amount (if any) payable by the Issuer to unwind, 
terminate or amend any hedging, funding or other financial arrangements which the Issuer 
had put in place in connection with the FX Calculation as a result of redemption of the 
Note, to the extent such amounts relate to the Note redeemed; 
"FX Calculation" means any calculation or determination of any conversion, exchange, 
payment, purchase or sale of one currency into or for another currency by reference to an 
FX Rate; 
"FX Rate" means as at any time the currency exchange rate between any two currencies 
that is specified in the Conditions or determined in accordance with the Settlement Rate 
Option specified (or deemed specified) in the Conditions; 
"General Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes it 
impossible to convert the Event Currency into the Non-Event Currency in the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction through customary legal channels; 
"General Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that generally makes 
it impossible to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the Event 
Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (B) the Event 
Currency between accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party that is a 
non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency, 
instrumentality, ministry or department thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other 
governmental authority or any other entity (private or public) charged with the regulation 
of the financial markets (including the central bank) of the Event Currency Jurisdiction; 
"Governmental Authority Default" means, with respect to any security or indebtedness 
for borrowed money of, or guaranteed by, any Governmental Authority, the occurrence of 
a default, event of default or other similar condition or event (however described) 
including, but not limited to, (A) the failure of timely payment in full of any principal, 
interest or other amounts due (without giving effect to any applicable grace periods) in 
respect of any such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee, (B) a 
declared moratorium, standstill, waiver, deferral, Repudiation or rescheduling of any 
principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of any such security, indebtedness for 
borrowed money or guarantee, or (C) the amendment or modification of the terms and 
conditions of payment of any principal, interest or other amounts due in respect of any

--- Page 171 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 169 -
70-41019079 
 
 
such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee without the consent of all 
holders of such obligation. The determination of the existence or occurrence of any 
default, event of default or other similar condition or event shall be made without regard 
to any lack or alleged lack of authority or capacity of such Governmental Authority to 
issue or enter into such security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee; 
"Illiquidity" means it becomes impossible to obtain a firm quote of the Settlement Rate 
for the Minimum Amount (either in one transaction or a commercially reasonable number 
of transactions that, when taken together, total the Minimum Amount) on the Valuation 
Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date would, in the ordinary 
course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) or by such other date (the 
"Illiquidity Valuation Date") as is specified for such purpose in the Disruption Event 
Terms. If an Illiquidity Valuation Date is specified for a Note and an Illiquidity Disruption 
Event occurs on such date, then for purposes of any relevant Disruption Fallbacks, the 
Illiquidity Valuation Date will be deemed to be the Valuation Date for that Note; 
"Latest Permissible Physical Settlement Date" means the date that, in respect of 
Condition 6.13(f)(ii)(A) (Physical Settlement – Partial Cash Settlement), is thirty calendar 
days after the Physical Settlement Date and, in respect of Condition 6.13(f)(ii)(B) 
(Physical Settlement – Partial Cash Settlement), the date that is fifteen Business Days after 
the Physical Settlement Date or such other date(s) specified in the Final Terms; 
"Local Asset" means, with respect to any Note for which the relevant Settlement Rate 
Option is "CURRENCY-IMPLIED RATE (LOCAL ASSET)", the asset specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if an asset is not so specified, the asset selected by the Calculation 
Agent, for which quotations are available in the Reference Currency in the country where 
the Reference Currency is the lawful currency and in the Settlement Currency in 
international markets outside such country; 
"Local Asset Substitute-Gross" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or 
deemed to be applicable under these Conditions, that the Issuer will, in accordance with 
Condition 6.13 (Physical Settlement), Deliver Benchmark Obligations with a Specified 
Value equal to the Settlement Currency Amount in respect of each Note which is subject 
to Physical Settlement to an account designated by the Noteholder as provided in these 
Conditions; 
"London Business Day" means a day other than a Saturday or Sunday on which 
commercial banks are generally open for business in London; 
"Material Change in Circumstance" means the occurrence of any event (other than those 
events specified as Disruption Events applicable to a Note in the Disruption Event Terms) 
in the Event Currency Jurisdiction beyond the control of the Issuer which makes it 
impossible (A) for the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes, and (B) generally to 
fulfil obligations similar to the Issuer's obligations under the Notes; 
"Maximum Days of Disruption" means, in respect of a Note and for the purposes of the 
definition of Settlement Postponement and the provisions relating to Material Change in 
Circumstance, the number of Business Days specified as such in the Disruption Event 
Terms; 
"Minimum Amount" means the amount specified as such in the Disruption Event Terms 
or, if such an amount is not specified, (i) for purposes of the definition of "Illiquidity", the 
Reference Currency Notional Amount and (ii) for purposes of the definition of "Specific 
Inconvertibility", the Event Currency equivalent of U.S.$1; 
"Nationalisation" means any expropriation, confiscation, requisition, nationalisation or 
other action by any Governmental Authority which deprives the Issuer (or any of its 
Relevant Affiliates) of all or substantially all of its assets in the Event Currency 
Jurisdiction;

--- Page 172 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 170 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Non-Event Currency" means the currency for any FX Rate that is not the Event 
Currency; 
"Notice of Physical Settlement" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(a) 
(Physical Settlement – Notice of Physical Settlement); 
"Partial Cash Settlement Amount" and "Partial Cash Settlement Date" shall each have 
the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(f)(iii) (Physical Settlement – Partial Cash 
Settlement). In determining Partial Cash Settlement Amount in respect of any Benchmark 
Obligation following the occurrence of a Settlement/Custodial Event, the calculation shall 
assume for the purposes of all quotes and valuations that references to the Benchmark 
Obligation that is to be valued are to such Benchmark Obligation subject to custody of the 
Custodian in relation to which the Settlement/Custodial Event has occurred, so that such 
Settlement/Custodial Event shall be taken into account in obtaining quotes and 
determining valuations; 
"Physical Settlement" means, upon occurrence of a Disruption Event, the Issuer is 
required to deliver a Substitute Asset on a Physical Settlement Date under these 
Conditions; 
"Physical Settlement Date" means the date that is: 
(i) 
the number of Business Days specified in the Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
if such number of Business Days is not so specified, 15 Business Days, 
after the date of delivery of the Notice of Physical Settlement; 
"Price Materiality" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed to be 
applicable under these Conditions, the Primary Rate differs from the Secondary Rate by 
at least the Price Materiality Percentage; 
"Price Materiality Percentage" means the percentage specified as such in the Disruption 
Event Terms; 
"Price Source Disruption" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed 
to be applicable under these Conditions, it becomes impossible to obtain the Settlement 
Rate on the Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that Valuation Date 
would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source); 
"Primary Rate" means, in respect of a Note and for the purposes of the definition of Price 
Materiality, the rate determined using the Settlement Rate Option specified for such 
purpose in the Disruption Event Terms; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in respect of a currency, the financial centre or 
centres specified as such in this Currency Annex or, if none is specified, the financial 
centre or centres indicated with respect to such currency as stated in Section 4.4 of Annex 
A to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions published by the International Swaps 
and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and supplemented from time to time); 
"Rate Calculation Date" means the Valuation Date; 
"Reference Currency" means, unless the context otherwise requires, the currency 
specified as the Reference Currency in the Final Terms or, if no such currency is specified, 
the Specified Currency; 
"Reference Currency Notional Amount" means the quantity of Reference Currency 
specified as such in these Conditions; 
"Reference Dealers" means, with respect to any Note for which the relevant Settlement 
Rate Option is "CURRENCY-IMPLIED RATE (ADR)", "CURRENCY-IMPLIED 
RATE (LOCAL ASSET)" or "CURRENCY-REFERENCE DEALERS", the dealers

--- Page 173 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 171 -
70-41019079 
 
 
specified in the Final Terms or, if dealers are not so specified, four leading dealers in the 
relevant market selected by the Calculation Agent; 
"Relevant Affiliate" means the entities specified as such in the Disruption Event Terms 
or, if none are specified, any Affiliates of the Issuer; 
"Relevant Proportion" means the proportion which the principal amount of the Note(s) 
the subject of an Asset Transfer Notice or any settlement instruction, bears to the aggregate 
principal amount of all Notes outstanding (including those that are the subject of the Asset 
Transfer Notice or settlement instructions) immediately prior to the date set for 
redemption; 
"Repudiation" means that, in respect of a Note, (i) for purposes of the definition of 
Benchmark Obligation Default, the issuer of or any party to, as the case may be, the 
relevant Benchmark Obligation disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in 
part, or challenges the validity of the Benchmark Obligation in any material respect, and 
(ii) for purposes of the definition of Governmental Authority Default, the relevant 
Governmental Authority disaffirms, disclaims, repudiates or rejects, in whole or in part, 
or challenges the validity of any security, indebtedness for borrowed money or guarantee 
of such Governmental Authority in any material respect; 
"Secondary Rate" means, in respect of a Note and for the purpose of the definition of 
Price Materiality, the rate determined using the Settlement Rate Option specified for such 
purpose in the Disruption Event Terms; 
"Settlement/Custodial Event" means any Custodian (or any successor thereof) fails to 
do any one or more of the following: 
(i) 
deliver or credit any amount or Benchmark Obligations owned by the Issuer (or 
its designee) to the account of the Issuer (or its designee) as instructed by the 
Issuer (or its designee); 
(ii) 
deliver any amount to a third party when requested to do so by the Issuer (or its 
designee); 
(iii) 
surrender any Benchmark Obligations owned by the Issuer (or its designee) when 
requested to do so by the Issuer (or its designee); 
(iv) 
purchase or sell any Benchmark Obligations or take any other action when 
instructed to do so by the Issuer (or its designee); or 
(v) 
perform in a full and timely manner all of its obligations to the Issuer (or its 
designee) under any custodian or similar arrangements entered into by the Issuer 
(or its designee) with the Custodian at any time in relation to Benchmark 
Obligations and/or any related amount or currency (which shall include, for the 
avoidance of doubt, a repudiation or termination of any such arrangements 
without the prior consent of the Issuer (or its designee)); 
"Settlement Currency" means, in respect of any payment obligation of the Issuer under 
the Notes, the currency in which the Issuer is required, subject to this Currency Annex 
and, unless the context otherwise requires, taking into account the application of any 
Disruption Fallbacks, to make such payment on a Settlement Date under these Conditions; 
"Settlement Currency Amount" means, in respect of any payment obligation of the 
Issuer in respect of a Note, the amount of such payment obligation denominated in the 
Settlement Currency; 
"Settlement Date" means, in respect of any payment obligation of the Issuer under the 
Notes, (a) the date on which such payment falls due under the terms of these Conditions, 
or (b), if applicable, determined in accordance with the definition of "Settlement 
Postponement" in these Conditions, provided that in either case, such date is subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Following Business Day Convention unless another

--- Page 174 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 172 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable generally or specifically to that 
Settlement Date in these Conditions; 
"Settlement Rate" means, in relation to the making of any FX Calculation for any 
Valuation Date in respect of a Settlement Date, the currency exchange rate equal to (i) the 
FX Rate specified (or deemed specified), or (ii) the FX Rate determined in accordance 
with the specified (or deemed specified) Settlement Rate Option, or (iii) if an FX Rate or 
a Settlement Rate Option or a means of determining an FX Rate is not specified, the Spot 
Rate for that Valuation Date. For the avoidance of doubt, Section 4.7 of Annex A to the 
1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. shall not apply for the purpose of determining the Settlement 
Rate pursuant to the specified Settlement Rate Option; 
"Settlement Rate Option" means, in relation to the making of any FX Calculation, the 
method of determining the Settlement Rate specified (or deemed specified) pursuant to 
the Final Terms which may either be specified (i) by reference to any of the terms defined 
in Section 4.5 and Section 4.6 of Annex A to the 1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (as amended and 
supplemented up to and including the Issue Date) (in which case, the terms of such Section 
4.5 and Section 4.6 shall, to the extent they are used in defining a Settlement Rate Option, 
be deemed to be incorporated in these Conditions), or (ii) by reference to any of the 
standard terms for non-deliverable forward transactions published by the Emerging 
Markets Trading Association (as amended and supplemented up to and including the issue 
date) (in which case the standard terms for the relevant currency pair(s) shall, to the extent 
they are used in defining a Settlement Rate Option, be deemed to be incorporated in these 
Conditions) or (iii) by defining the Settlement Rate Option in the Final Terms; 
"Settlement Postponement" means, if specified in the Disruption Event Terms or deemed 
to be applicable under these Conditions, that any Settlement Date for the Notes that is 
affected by a Disruption Event will be deemed to be the first succeeding Business Day on 
which the applicable Disruption Event ceases to exist, unless that Disruption Event 
continues to exist (measured from the original date that, but for the occurrence of a 
Disruption Event, would have been the Settlement Date) for a number of consecutive 
Business Days equal to the Maximum Days of Disruption. In that case, the last such 
consecutive Business Day will be the Settlement Date and the next Disruption Fallback 
specified in the Disruption Event Terms will apply to the Notes or if there is none and (if 
applicable) subject to Condition 6.10(e) (Disruption Events – Early Redemption upon 
Occurrence of a Disruption Event), Condition 6.11(c) (Disruption Fallback – Settlement 
Currency) shall apply;  
"Specific Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible 
for the Issuer to convert the Minimum Amount of the Event Currency into the Non-Event 
Currency in the Event Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such impossibility is due 
solely to the failure by the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by 
any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is enacted after the Issue 
Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event beyond the control of 
the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Specific Non-Transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it 
impossible for the Issuer to deliver (A) the Non-Event Currency from accounts inside the 
Event Currency Jurisdiction to accounts outside the Event Currency Jurisdiction, or (B) 
the Event Currency between accounts inside the Event Currency Jurisdiction or to a party 
that is a non-resident of the Event Currency Jurisdiction, other than where such 
impossibility is due solely to the failure by the Issuer to comply with any law, rule or 
regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted after the Issue Date of the Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an event 
beyond the control of the Issuer, to comply with such law, rule or regulation); 
"Specified Amount" means, in respect of a Note and a Settlement Rate Option, the amount 
of Reference Currency specified as such in the Final Terms or, if such an amount is not 
specified, an amount equal to a "standard size" transaction for such Reference Currency

--- Page 175 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 173 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(the amount which is generally accepted by foreign exchange dealers as the standard size 
transaction in the market for such currency as of the Valuation Date); 
"Specified Company" means, with respect to any Note for which the relevant Settlement 
Rate Option is "CURRENCY-IMPLIED RATE (ADR)", the company specified as such 
in the Final Terms or, if a company is not so specified, a company selected by the 
Calculation Agent, which company's shares trade (i) on an exchange located in the country 
for which the Reference Currency is the lawful currency and (ii) in the United States in 
the form of an American Depositary Receipt; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the Final Terms as the 
currency in which the Notes are denominated; 
"Specified Office" means, with respect to any Note for which the relevant Settlement Rate 
Option is "CURRENCY-REFERENCE DEALERS", the office or branch of the Reference 
Dealer located in the city specified for such purpose in the Final Terms. If a city is not so 
specified, the Specified Office will be deemed to be an office or branch of the Reference 
Dealer located in the Principal Financial Centre of the Reference Currency unless (i) no 
quotations are available from the relevant office or branch of each of the Reference 
Dealers due to the occurrence of an applicable Disruption Event, or (ii) "CURRENCY-
REFERENCE DEALERS" is specified (or deemed specified) as the Fallback Reference 
Price for a Settlement Rate Option where the currency exchange rate specified in such 
Settlement Rate Option is an offshore currency exchange rate. In each such case, the 
Specified Office will be the office or branch of the Reference Dealer located in any major 
market for the purchase and sale of the Reference Currency and the Settlement Currency 
outside the country where the Reference Currency is the lawful currency, as selected by 
the Calculation Agent; 
"Specified Rate" means, in respect of a Note and the determination of the Settlement Rate 
pursuant to a Settlement Rate Option, any of the following rates, as specified in the Final 
Terms: (i) the Reference Currency bid exchange rate, (ii) the Reference Currency offer 
exchange rate, (iii) the average of the Reference Currency bid and offer exchange rates, 
(iv) the Settlement Currency bid exchange rate, (v) the Settlement Currency offer 
exchange rate, (vi) the average of the Settlement Currency bid and offer exchange rates, 
or (vii) the official fixing rate. If no such rate is specified, the Specified Rate will be such 
rate as the Calculation Agent selects in its sole and absolute discretion. 
"Specified Time" means, in respect of a Note and the determination of the Settlement 
Rate pursuant to the related Settlement Rate Option, the time specified as such in the Final 
Terms and if none is specified, 11.00 a.m. London Time; 
"Specified Value" means, in respect of a Note and a Benchmark Obligation, any of the 
following values, as specified in the Disruption Event Terms: (i) outstanding principal 
balance (as valued on the Settlement Date), (ii) the stated principal balance, (iii) the face 
value, (iv) the market value (as valued on the Settlement Date), or (v) any other value 
specified as the Specified Value in the Disruption Event Terms; 
"Spot Rate" means, for any Rate Calculation Date, the FX Rate determined in accordance 
with the specified (or deemed specified) Settlement Rate Option, or if a Settlement Rate 
Option is not specified (or deemed specified), the currency exchange rate at the time at 
which such rate is to be determined for foreign exchange transactions in the two relevant 
currencies for value on the Settlement Date, as determined in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner by the Calculation Agent; 
"Substitute Asset" shall have the meaning set out in Condition 6.13(a) (Physical 
Settlement – Notice of Physical Settlement); 
"Undeliverable Asset" shall have the meaning specified in Condition 6.13(f)(ii) (Physical 
Settlement – Partial Cash Settlement);

--- Page 176 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 174 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"Valuation Date" means each date specified or otherwise determined as a Valuation Date 
(or, if applicable, the Illiquidity Valuation Date) under the Final Terms and (if applicable) 
the Disruption Event Terms as of which a Settlement Rate is to be determined, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Preceding Business Day Convention unless another 
Business Day Convention is specified to be applicable to that Valuation Date; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note in relation to which no Interest Amount is payable by 
the Issuer to the Noteholder. 
(b) 
For the purpose of these Conditions, sub-paragraphs (a) and (b) of Section 4.3 of Annex A to the 
1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. (as amended and supplemented from time to time up to the Issue Date) shall, to 
the extent those terms are used in these Conditions, be deemed to be incorporated in these 
Conditions. 
(c) 
If the currency exchange rate specified in the applicable Settlement Rate Option is reported, 
sanctioned, recognised, published, announced or adopted (or other similar action) by the relevant 
Governmental Authority, and such currency exchange rate ceases to exist and is replaced by a 
successor currency exchange rate that is reported, sanctioned, recognised, published, announced 
or adopted (or other similar action) by such Governmental Authority (the "Official Successor 
Rate") then the Settlement Rate for the relevant Valuation Date will be determined as if this 
Currency Annex specifies any available price source which publishes or announces the Official 
Successor Rate (including, but not limited to, an official publication of that Governmental 
Authority) on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the day on which rates for that date would, in 
the ordinary course, be published or announced by the relevant price source) as the applicable 
Settlement Rate Option. 
(d) 
Subject to paragraph (c) above, each currency with respect to a particular country specified in 
relation to a Note will be deemed to include any lawful successor currency (the "Successor 
Currency") of that country. If, after the Issue Date and on or before the Settlement Date of a Note, 
a country has lawfully eliminated, converted, redenominated or exchanged its currency in effect 
on such Issue Date or any Successor Currency, as the case may be (the "Original Currency"), for 
a Successor Currency, then for purposes of calculating any amounts of such currency, and for 
purposes of effecting settlement thereof, any Original Currency amounts will be converted to the 
Successor Currency by multiplying the amount of Original Currency by a ratio of Successor 
Currency to Original Currency, which ratio will be calculated on the basis of the exchange rate set 
forth by such country for converting the Original Currency into the Successor Currency on the date 
on which the elimination, conversion, redenomination or exchange took place. If there is more than 
one such date, the date closest to the Settlement Date will be selected. 
(e) 
If the currency exchange rate specified in the applicable Settlement Rate Option is published or 
announced by more than one price source and the price source referred to in such Settlement Rate 
Option fails to publish or announce that currency exchange rate on the Valuation Date (or, if 
different, the day on which rates for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or 
announced by such price source), then the Settlement Rate for that Valuation Date will be 
determined as if this Currency Annex specifies any other available price source which actually 
publishes or announces such currency exchange rate on such Valuation Date (or, if different, the 
day on which rates for that date would, in the ordinary course, be published or announced by the 
relevant price source) as the applicable Settlement Rate Option. 
(f) 
Terms defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" and/or the Final Terms have the same 
meaning in this Currency Annex. In the event of any inconsistency between the Conditions and the 
Additional Conditions, the Additional Conditions, will prevail. In the event of any inconsistency 
between the Final Terms and the Conditions and the Additional Conditions, the Final Terms will 
prevail.

--- Page 177 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 175 -
70-41019079 
 
 
RATE OPTION ANNEX 
Each reference herein to a rate source (including any web-page or section thereof) shall include any 
successor to such rate source, in each case as selected by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion. 
Part 1: Settlement Rate Options 
"AMD/USD Rate" means the Armenian Dram / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Armenian Dram per one U.S. Dollar, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the USD/AMD rate which is published under the heading "Exchange Rates" at around 3:30 
p.m., Yerevan time, on the Central Bank of the Republic of Armenia’s website at  
https://www.cba.am/en/sitepages/default.aspx. 
"AOA/USD Rate" means the Angolan Kwanza / U.S. Dollar FX spot rate of exchange, expressed as the 
amount of Angolan Kwanza per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation 
Date by reference to the USD "Venda" rate appearing under the section "Câmbios" at around 12:00 p.m., 
London time, as published by the Banco Nacional de Angola on its website at https://www.bna.ao/. 
"BDT Rate" means the exchange rate for the Settlement Currency specified on https://www.bb.org.bd/ on 
the Valuation Date. 
"BDT/USD Rate" means the Bangladeshi Taka / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Bangladeshi Taka per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the mid-point of the USD (Closing) "Buying" and "Selling" rates which are published under 
the heading "Exchange Rate of Taka" on the Central Bank of Bangladesh’s website at 
https://www.bb.org.bd/. 
"BWP 
Rate" 
means 
the 
exchange 
rate 
for 
the 
Settlement 
Currency 
specified 
on 
http://www.bankofbotswana.bw/ on the Valuation Date. 
"DZD/USD Rate" means the Algerian Dinar / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Algerian Dinar per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the USD/DZD rate which is published under the heading "Cours Vente"  on the Central Bank 
of Algeria’s (Banque d’Algerie) website at  https://www.bank-of-algeria.dz/html/marcheint2.htm. 
"EGP Rate" means the exchange rate for the Settlement Currency specified on Thomson Reuters page 
FMFI at 12:30pm (Cairo time) on the Valuation Date. 
"ETB/USD Rate" means  the Ethiopian Birr / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Ethiopian Birr per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the average of the USD "Buying Rate" and USD "Selling Rate" as published by the National 
Bank of Ethiopia on its website https://nbebank.com/transaction-exchange-rates-for-major-currencies-
against-birr/.  
"EUR/XOF Rate" means the CFA Franc BCEAO / Euro spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of CFA Franc BCEAO per one Euro as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the average of the EUR "Achat" and EUR "Vente" rates as published by the BCEAO (Banque 
Centrale des Etats de l’Afrique de l’Ouest) under the Heading “Cours des devises” on its website at 
https://www.bceao.int/. 
"EUR/XAF Rate" means the spot exchange rate between euros and the Western African CFA Franc as 
determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date. 
"GHS Rate" means the exchange rate for GHS and the Settlement Currency specified on Thomson Reuters 
page AFRICAFIX=TR on the Valuation Date. 
"KES Rate" means the exchange rate for KES and the Settlement Currency specified on Thomson Reuters 
page AFRICAFIX=TR on the Valuation Date. 
"KZT Rate" means the weighted average exchange rate for the morning session specified on 
https://kase.kz/en/currency/ on the Valuation Date.

--- Page 178 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 176 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"MDL 
Rate" 
means 
the 
exchange 
rate 
for 
the 
Settlement 
Currency 
specified 
on 
https://www.bnm.md/en/m/search on the Valuation Date. 
"MWK Rate" means the Reserve Bank of Malawi Official Exchange Rate for the Settlement Currency as 
published on http://www.rbm.mw on the Valuation Date. 
"MWK Rate (USD Middle)" means the Middle Rate for U.S. dollar as published on http://www.rbm.mw  
on the Valuation Date. 
"MZN/USD Rate" means the Mozambican Metical / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the 
amount of Mozambican Metical per one U.S. Dollar, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
Valuation Date by reference to the average of the USD "Compra" and USD "Venda" rates as published by 
the Banco de Moçambique on its website at http://www.bancomoc.mz/. 
"NGN Rate" means the exchange rate published on www.fmdqotc.com on the Valuation Date. 
"PKR/USD Rate" means the Pakistani Rupee / U.S Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Pakistani Rupee per one U.S. Dollar, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the FX rate published by the State Bank of Pakistan at around 4:00 p.m., Karachi Time, and 
observable on Bloomberg Page SBPK under the heading "Exchange Rate for Mark to Market Revaluation" 
and displayed under captions "USD" and "Spot". 
"RWF Rate" means the average of the "Buying" and "Selling" rates for the Settlement Currency as 
published on https://www.bnr.rw/ on the Valuation Date. 
"TND/USD Rate" means the Tunisian Dinar / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount 
of Tunisian Dinar per one U.S. Dollar, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by 
reference to the USD/TND rate which is published under the heading "Daily Average Exchange Rate" on 
the Central Bank of Tunisia's website at https://www.bct.gov.tn/bct/siteprod/index.jsp?la=AN. 
"TZS Rate" means the "Selling" rate for the Settlement Currency (except that where the Settlement 
Currency is USD the "Selling" rate shall be divided by 100) as published under the heading "Financial 
Markets" on www.bot-tz.org on the Valuation Date. 
"TZS/USD Rate" means the Tanzanian Shilling / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the 
amount of Tanzanian Shillings per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation 
Date by reference to the USD "Selling" rate, which on the Issue Date represents the amount of Tanzanian 
Schillings per one hundred U.S. Dollars, published under the heading "Foreign Exchange Rates" on the 
Bank of Tanzania's website at www.bot.go.tz.  
"UAH 
Rate" 
means 
the 
exchange 
rate 
for 
the 
Settlement 
Currency 
specified 
on 
https://bank.gov.ua/control/en/ on the Valuation Date. 
"UAH/ USD Rate" means the Ukrainian Hryvnia / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the 
amount of Ukrainian Hryvnia per one U.S. Dollar as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation 
Date by reference to the USD/UAH rate which is published under the heading "Official Exchange Rates" 
on 
the 
National 
Bank 
of 
Ukraine's 
website 
at 
https://www.bank.gov.ua/control/en/curmetal/detail/currency?period=daily. 
"UGX Rate" means the mid-point of the "Buying" and "Selling" exchange rates for the Settlement 
Currency as published on http://www.bou.or.ug at 12:30pm Kampala time on the Valuation Date for USD 
and at 15:30 Kampala time on the Valuation Date for all other Settlement Currencies. 
"UGX Rate (Alternative)" means the Midday Mid Rate for the Settlement Currency as published on 
http://www.bou.or.ug on the Valuation Date. 
"UYU Rate" means the average of the bid and offer rates for the Settlement Currency as published on 
https://www.bcu.gub.uy/Paginas/Default.aspx on the Valuation Date. 
"UZS/USD Rate" means the Uzbek Soum/ U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the amount of 
Uzbek Soum per one U.S. Dollar, as determined by the Calculation Agent on the Valuation Date by

--- Page 179 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 177 -
70-41019079 
 
 
reference to the USD/UZS rate which is published under the heading "Archives of Exchange Rates" on the 
Central Bank of the Republic of Uzbekistan website at http://www.cbu.uz/en/arkhiv-kursov-valyut/. 
"VND Rate" means the exchange rate for VND and the Settlement Currency specified on Thomson Reuters 
page VNDFIX=VN on the Valuation Date. 
"ZMW/USD Rate" means the Zambian Kwacha / U.S. Dollar spot rate of exchange, expressed as the 
amount of Zambian Kwacha per one U.S. Dollar, as determined on the Valuation Date by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to such rate appearing on Thomson Reuters screen page ZMWFIX=TR not later than 
11:30 a.m. Lusaka time.  
"ZMW Rate (AFRICAFIX)" means the exchange rate for ZMW and the Settlement Currency specified 
on Thomson Reuters page AFRICAFIX=TR on the Valuation Date. 
Part 2: Benchmark Rates 
"AOA 3m T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on www.bna.ao in the 'Taxa' column opposite the '3 
Meses' entry in the 'Maturidade' column on the Interest Determination Date. 
"AOA 6m T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on www.bna.ao in the 'Taxa' column opposite the '6 
Meses' entry in the 'Maturidade' column on the Interest Determination Date. 
"AOA 12m T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on www.bna.ao in the 'Taxa' column opposite the '12 
Meses' entry in the 'Maturidade' column on the Interest Determination Date. 
"BWP 14d BoBC" means the interest rate specified on Reuters page PULB as the '14 Day BoBC Rate' on 
the Interest Determination Date. 
"BWP 91d BoBC" means the interest rate specified on http://www.bankofbotswana.bw/ as the '91 Day 
BoBC Rate' on the Interest Determination Date. 
"MWK 91d T-Bill" means the interest rate specified as the 91 day tenor Current Average Yield percentage 
on http://www.rbm.mw on the Interest Determination Date. 
"MWK 182d T-Bill" means the interest rate specified as the 182 day tenor Current Average Yield 
percentage on http://www.rbm.mw on the Interest Determination Date. 
"MWK 364d T-Bill" means the interest rate specified as the 364 day tenor Current Average Yield 
percentage on http://www.rbm.mw on the Interest Determination Date. 
"MZN FPC" means the Bank of Mozambique FX Facilidade Permanente de Cedência rate as published on 
http://www.bancomoc.mz/ on the Interest Determination Date. 
"NGN 3 month T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Bloomberg page NITTY3M Index at 
approximately 12:00 p.m., Lagos time, on the Interest Determination Date for 3 month treasury bills issued 
by the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. 
"NGN 6 month T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Bloomberg page NITTY6M Index at 
approximately 12:00 p.m., Lagos time, on the Interest Determination Date for 6 month treasury bills issued 
by the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. 
"NGN 1 year T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Bloomberg page NITTY12M Index at 
approximately 12:00 p.m., Lagos time, on the Interest Determination Date for 6 month treasury bills issued 
by the government of the Federal Republic of Nigeria. 
"TZS 91d T-Bill" means the Weighted Average Yield that is published in the "91 Days" column under the 
"Government Securities – Treasury Bills – Auction Results" link on www.bot-tz.org on the Interest 
Determination Date. 
"TZS 182d T-Bill" means the Weighted Average Yield that is published in the "182 Days" column under 
the "Government Securities – Treasury Bills – Auction Results" link on www.bot-tz.org on the Interest 
Determination Date.

--- Page 180 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 178 -
70-41019079 
 
 
"TZS 364d T-Bill" means the Weighted Average Yield that is published in the "364 Days" column under 
the "Government Securities – Treasury Bills – Auction Results" link on www.bot-tz.org on the Interest 
Determination Date. 
"UGX 91d T-Bill" means the interest rate for 91 day treasury bills published on http://www.bou.or.ug on 
the date closest to the Interest Determination Date. 
"UGX 182d T-Bill" means the interest rate determined by the Issuer by reference to the weighted average 
price for 182 day treasury bills published on http://www.bou.or.ug on the Interest Determination Date or, 
if such figures are not published on the Interest Determination Date, by reference to such figures as are 
published most recently prior to the Interest Determination Date. 
"UGX 364d T-Bill" means the interest rate determined by the Issuer by reference to the weighted average 
price for 364 day treasury bills published on http://www.bou.or.ug on the Interest Determination Date or, 
if such figures are not published on the Interest Determination Date, by reference to such figures as are 
published most recently prior to the Interest Determination Date. 
"ZMW 3m T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Thomson Reuters page ZMWFIX=TR on the 
Interest Determination Date for 3 month treasury bills issued by the government of the Republic of Zambia. 
"ZMW 6m T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Thomson Reuters page ZMWFIX=TR on the 
Interest Determination Date for 6 month treasury bills issued by the government of the Republic of Zambia. 
"ZMW 1yr T-Bill" means the interest rate specified on Thomson Reuters page ZMWFIX=TR on the 
Interest Determination Date for 1 year treasury bills issued by the government of the Republic of Zambia.

--- Page 181 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 179 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Initial Issue of Notes 
Upon the initial deposit of a Global Note with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (the "Common Depositary"), or registration of Registered Notes in the name of any nominee 
for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or the Depository Trust Company ("DTC") (as the case may 
be) and delivery of the relevant Global Certificate to the common depositary or the custodian for DTC, 
DTC, Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) will credit each subscriber with a 
nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a common depositary or custodian may also be credited to the 
accounts of subscribers with other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC (as the case may be) held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, 
Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or other clearing systems. 
Relationship of Accountholders with Clearing Systems 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or any other 
clearing system as the holder of a Note represented by a Global Note or a Global Certificate must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be) for his 
share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying 
Registered Notes, as the case may be, and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Notes or 
Global Certificates, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or such clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have no 
claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due on the Notes for so long as the Notes are 
represented by such Global Note or Global Certificate and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged 
by payment to the bearer of such Global Note or the holder of the underlying Registered Notes, as the case 
may be, in respect of each amount so paid. 
Exchange 
1. 
Temporary Global Notes. Each temporary Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder: 
(a) 
if the relevant Final Terms so indicate, in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes; provided 
that, in the case of Notes to which TEFRA D applies, there shall have been certification as to the 
non-US beneficial ownership in the form set our in the Schedule to the Deed of Covenant dated no 
earlier than the Exchange Date (as defined below); and 
(b) 
otherwise, in whole, or in part, for permanent Global Notes; provided, that, in the case of Notes 
to which TEFRA D applies, such exchange shall only take place after the Exchange Date upon 
certification as to non-US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Schedule to the Deed of 
Covenant. 
2. 
Permanent Global Notes. Each permanent Global Note will be exchangeable, free of charge to 
the holder, on or after its Exchange Date in whole but not, except as provided under paragraph 5 
below, in part for Definitive Notes: 
(a) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b) 
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c) 
if the Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note", 
then if either of the following events occurs: 
(1) 
if the permanent Global Note is held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an "Alternative Clearing System") 
and any such clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 
days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or in fact does so; or

--- Page 182 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 180 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(2) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due by the holder giving 
notice to the Issuer of its election for such exchange. 
If the specified denomination is expressed to be €100,000 or its equivalent and multiples of a lower 
principal amount (for example €1,000), the exchange upon notice/at any time options should not 
be expressed to be applicable in the relevant Final Terms. 
In the event that a Global Note is exchanged for Definitive Notes, such Definitive Notes shall be 
issued in Specified Denomination(s) only. A Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding 
and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one 
or more Specified Denominations. The inability to obtain a definitive Note due to this minimum 
denomination requirement may mean that Bearer Notes may be considered to be registered for U.S. 
tax purposes. 
3. 
Unrestricted Global Certificates. If the Final Terms state that the Notes are to be represented by 
an Unrestricted Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of transfers of Notes 
held in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. These 
provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing system whilst they 
are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in which the Notes may 
be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by any Global Certificate pursuant to Condition 2.1 
(Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if the relevant clearing system is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than 
by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention permanently to cease 
business or does in fact do so; 
(b) 
if principal in respect of any Notes is not paid when due and payable; or 
(c) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraph (a) or (b) 
above, the holder of Registered Notes (the "Registered Holder") has given the Registrar not less 
than 30 days' notice at its specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such 
transfer. Where the holding of Notes represented by a Global Certificate is only transferable in its 
entirety, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon transfer of such holding shall be a Global 
Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, Certificates issued to transferees shall not be 
Global Certificates unless the transferee so requests and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is 
acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Luxembourg, Euroclear, DTC and/or an Alternative Clearing 
System. 
4. 
Restricted Global Certificates. If the Final Terms state that the Restricted Notes are to be 
represented by a Restricted Global Certificate on issue, the following will apply in respect of 
transfers of Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, DTC or an Alternative Clearing 
System. These provisions will not prevent the trading of interests in the Notes within a clearing 
system whilst they are held on behalf of such clearing system, but will limit the circumstances in 
which the Notes may be withdrawn from the relevant clearing system. 
Transfers of the holding of Notes represented by that Restricted Global Certificate pursuant to 
Condition 2.1 (Transfer of Registered Notes) may only be made in part: 
(a) 
if such Notes are held on behalf of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative 
Clearing System (except for DTC) and any such clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or does in fact do so; or 
(b) 
if such Notes are held by or on behalf of DTC and if DTC notifies the Issuer that it is no longer 
willing or able to discharge properly its responsibilities as depositary with respect to that Restricted 
Global Certificate or DTC ceases to be a "clearing agency" registered under the Exchange Act or

--- Page 183 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 181 -
70-41019079 
 
 
is at any time no longer eligible to act as such, and the Issuer is unable to locate a qualified 
successor within 90 days of receiving notice of such ineligibility on the part of DTC; or 
(c) 
if principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due and payable; or 
(d) 
with the consent of the Issuer, 
provided that, in the case of the first transfer of part of a holding pursuant to paragraphs (a), (b) 
and (c) above, the Registered Holder has given the Registrar not less than 30 days' notice at its 
specified office of the Registered Holder's intention to effect such transfer. Certificates issued in 
exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate shall bear the legend applicable 
to such Notes as set out in "Transfer Restrictions". Where the holding of Notes represented by a 
Global Certificate is only transferable in its entirety, the Certificate issued to the transferee upon 
transfer of such holding shall be a Global Certificate. Where transfers are permitted in part, 
Certificates issued to transferees shall not be Global Certificates unless the transferee so requests 
and certifies to the Registrar that it is, or is acting as a nominee for, Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
Euroclear, DTC and/or an Alternative Clearing System. 
5. 
Partial Exchange of Permanent Global Notes. For so long as a permanent Global Note is held 
on behalf of a clearing system and the rules of that clearing system permit, such permanent Global 
Note will be exchangeable in part on one or more occasions for Definitive Notes if principal in 
respect of any Notes is not paid when due. 
6. 
Delivery of Bearer Notes. On or after any due date for exchange the holder of a Global Note may 
surrender such Global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or 
to the order of the Issuer. In exchange for any Global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the 
Issuer will (a) in the case of a temporary Global Note exchangeable for a permanent Global Note, 
deliver, or procure the delivery of, a permanent Global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal 
to that of the whole or that part of a temporary Global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case 
of a subsequent exchange, endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent Global Note to 
reflect such exchange or (b) in the case of a Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes, deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated 
Definitive Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive Notes" means, in relation to any Global Note, 
the definitive Bearer Notes for which such Global Note may be exchanged (if appropriate, having 
attached to them all Coupons in respect of interest that have not already been paid on the Global 
Note and a Talon). Definitive Notes will be security printed and Certificates will be printed in 
accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements in or substantially in the 
form set out in the Schedule to the Deed of Covenant. On exchange in full of each permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer will, if the holder so requests, procure that it is cancelled and returned to 
the holder together with the relevant Definitive Notes. 
7. 
Exchange Date. "Exchange Date" means, in relation to a temporary Global Note, the day falling 
after the expiry of 40 days after its issue date and, in relation to a permanent Global Note, a day 
falling not less than 60 days, or in the case of failure to pay principal in respect of any Notes when 
due 30 days, after that on which the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the Specified Office of the Issuer is located and in the city 
in which the relevant clearing system is located. 
8. 
Legend. In the case of Restricted Notes, each Restricted Global Certificate and each Certificate 
issued in exchange for a beneficial interest in a Restricted Global Certificate will bear a legend 
applicable to purchasers who purchase Restricted Notes as described under "Transfer Restrictions". 
Amendment to Conditions 
The temporary Global Notes, permanent Global Notes and Global Certificates contain provisions 
that apply to the Notes that they represent, some of which modify the effect of the Conditions of 
the Notes set out in this Base Prospectus. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
9. 
Payments. No payment falling due after the Exchange Date will be made on any Global Note 
unless exchange for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. Payments on any temporary Global Note issued in compliance with the D

--- Page 184 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 182 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Rules before the Exchange Date will only be made against presentation of certification as to non-
US beneficial ownership in the form set out in the Deed of Covenant. If such presentation of 
certification as to non-US beneficial ownership is not made on or prior to the Exchange Date, then 
no payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made until such certification 
is made. All payments in respect of Notes represented by a Global Note will be made against 
presentation for endorsement and, if no further payment falls to be made in respect of the Notes, 
surrender of that Global Note to or to the order of the Issuer. A record of each payment so made 
will be endorsed on each Global Note, which endorsement will be prima facie evidence that such 
payment has been made in respect of the Notes. Paragraph (a) of Condition 6.8 (Non-Business 
Days) will not apply in relation to any payment made in respect of a Global Note. 
Payments of principal and interest on Notes represented by a Global Certificate shall be paid to the 
person shown on the Register at the Record Date. The "Record Date" in respect of any Notes which 
are represented by a Global Certificate is close of business in Euroclear, Clearstream Luxembourg 
or DTC, as the case may be on the Clearing System Business Day before the due date for such 
payment, where "Clearing System Business Day" means a day on which Euroclear, Clearstream 
Luxembourg or DTC (as applicable) is open for business. 
Payments through DTC: Registered Notes which are issued in the form of one or more Restricted 
Global Certificates may be registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, DTC. 
Payments of principal and interest in respect of Registered Notes denominated in U.S. dollars will 
be made in accordance with Condition 6.2 (Registered Notes). Payments of principal and interest 
in respect of Registered Notes registered in the name of, or in the name of a nominee for, DTC and 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than U.S. dollars will be made or procured to be made 
by the Issuer or the relevant agent in the Specified Currency in accordance with the following 
provisions. The amounts in such Specified Currency payable by the relevant agent with respect to 
Registered Notes held by DTC or DTC's nominee will be paid by the Issuer or will be received 
from the Issuer by the relevant agent who will make payments in such Specified Currency, by wire 
transfer of same day funds to, in the case of Notes registered in the name of DTC's nominee, to 
such nominee, or otherwise to the designated bank account in such Specified Currency of those 
DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who have made an irrevocable election 
to DTC, in the case of interest payments, prior to the third Clearing System Business Day before 
the Record Date for the relevant payment of interest and, in the case of payments or principal, at 
least 12 Clearing System Business Days prior to the relevant payment date, to receive that payment 
in such Specified Currency. The Issuer or the relevant agent will deliver such U.S. dollar amount 
in same day funds to DTC's nominee for payment through the DTC settlement system to those 
DTC participants entitled to receive the relevant payment who did not elect to receive such 
payment in such Specified Currency. 
10. 
Prescription. Claims against the Issuer in respect of Notes that are represented by a permanent 
Global Note will become void unless it is presented for payment within a period of 10 years (in the 
case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date (as 
defined in the Conditions). 
11. 
Meetings. The holder of a permanent Global Note or of the Notes represented by a Global 
Certificate shall (unless such permanent Global Note or Global Certificate represents only one 
Note) be treated as being two persons for the purposes of any quorum requirements of a meeting 
of Noteholders and, at any such meeting, the holder of a permanent Global Note shall be treated as 
having one vote in respect of each integral currency unit of the Specified Currency of the Notes. 
(All holders of Registered Notes are entitled to one vote in respect of each integral currency unit 
of the Specified Currency of the Notes comprising such Noteholder's holding, whether or not 
represented by a Global Certificate.) 
12. 
Cancellation. Cancellation of any Note represented by a permanent Global Note that is required 
by the Conditions to be cancelled (other than upon its redemption) will be effected by reduction in 
the nominal amount of the relevant permanent Global Note. 
13. 
Purchase. Notes represented by a permanent Global Note may only be purchased by the Issuer or 
any of its subsidiaries if they are purchased together with the rights to receive all future payments 
of interest and Instalment Amounts (if any) thereon.

--- Page 185 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 183 -
70-41019079 
 
 
14. 
Issuer's Option. Any option of the Issuer provided for in the Conditions of any Notes while such 
Notes are represented by a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate shall be exercised by the 
Issuer giving notice to the Noteholders within the time limits set out in and containing the 
information required by the Conditions, except that the notice shall not be required to contain the 
serial numbers of Notes drawn in the case of a partial exercise of an option and accordingly no 
drawing of Notes shall be required. In the event that any option of the Issuer is exercised in respect 
of some but not all of the Notes of any Series, the rights of accountholders with a clearing system 
in respect of the Notes will be governed by the standard procedures of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or any other clearing system (as the case may be). 
15. 
Noteholders' Options. Any option of the Noteholders provided for in the Conditions of any Notes 
while such Notes are represented by a permanent Global Note or Global Certificate may be 
exercised by the holder of the permanent Global Note or Global Certificate giving notice to the 
Issuer within the time limits relating to the deposit of Notes or Certificates with the Issuer set out 
in the Conditions substantially in the form of the notice available from the Issuer, except that the 
notice shall not be required to contain the certificate numbers of the Notes in respect of which the 
option has been exercised, and stating the nominal amount of Notes or Certificates in respect of 
which the option is exercised and at the same time presenting the permanent Global Note or Global 
Certificate to the Issuer for notation. 
16. 
Events of Default. Each Global Note and Global Certificate provides that the holder may cause 
such Global Note and Global Certificate, or a portion of it, to become due and repayable in the 
circumstances described in Condition 10 by stating in the notice to the Issuer the nominal amount 
of such Global Note or Global Certificate (as applicable) that is becoming due and repayable. If 
principal in respect of any Note is not paid when due, the holder of a Global Note or Registered 
Notes represented by a Global Certificate may elect for direct enforcement rights against the Issuer 
under the terms of a Deed of Covenant to come into effect in relation to the whole or a part of such 
Global Note or one or more Registered Notes represented by a Global Certificate in favour of the 
persons entitled to such part of such Global Note or such Registered Notes, as the case may be, as 
accountholders with a clearing system. Following any such acquisition of direct rights, the Global 
Note or, as the case may be, the Global Certificate and the corresponding entry in the register kept 
by the Registrar will become void as to the specified portion or Registered Notes, as the case may 
be. However, no such election may be made in respect of Notes represented by a Global Certificate 
unless the transfer of the whole or a part of the holding of Notes represented by that Global 
Certificate shall have been improperly withheld or refused. 
17. 
Notices. So long as any Notes are represented by a Global Note or Global Certificate and such 
Global Note or Global Certificate is held on behalf of a clearing system, notices to the holders of 
Notes of that Series may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to that clearing system for 
communication by it to entitled accountholders in substitution for publication as required by the 
Conditions or by delivery of the relevant notice to the holder of the Global Note or Global 
Certificate. 
18. 
Partly Paid Notes. While any instalments of the subscription moneys due from the holder of Partly 
Paid Notes are overdue, no interest in a Global Note representing such Notes may be exchanged 
for an interest in a permanent Global Note or for Definitive Notes (as the case may be). If any 
Noteholder fails to pay any instalment due on any Partly Paid Notes within the time specified, the 
Issuer may forfeit such Notes and shall have no further obligation to their holder in respect of them.

--- Page 186 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 184 -
70-41019079 
 
 
CLEARING AND SETTLEMENT 
Book-Entry Ownership 
Bearer Notes 
Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
book entry systems. In respect of Bearer Notes, a temporary Global Note and/or a permanent Global Note 
in bearer form without coupons may be deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or an Alternative Clearing System. Transfers of interests in such temporary 
Global Notes or permanent Global Notes will be made in accordance with the normal euromarket debt 
securities operating procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or, if appropriate, the 
Alternative Clearing System. Each Global Note deposited with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
Registered Notes 
Registered Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
book-entry systems, with such Notes to be represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate or (in the case 
of Restricted Notes) a Restricted Global Certificate. Each Unrestricted Global Certificate or (in the case of 
Restricted Notes) Restricted Global Certificate deposited with a nominee for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg will have an ISIN and a Common Code. 
The Issuer and a relevant U.S. agent appointed for such purpose that is an eligible DTC participant may 
make application to DTC for acceptance in its book-entry settlement system of the Registered Notes 
represented by a Restricted Global Certificate. Each such Restricted Global Certificate will have a CUSIP 
number. Each Restricted Global Certificate will be subject to restrictions on transfer contained in a legend 
appearing on the front of such Global Certificate, as set out in "Transfer Restrictions". In certain 
circumstances, as described below in "Transfers of Registered Notes" and as described in the Deed of 
Covenant, transfers of interests in a Restricted Global Certificate may be made as a result of which such 
legend may no longer be required. 
In the case of a Tranche of Registered Notes to be cleared through the facilities of DTC, the custodian, with 
whom the Restricted Global Certificates are deposited (the "Custodian"), and DTC will electronically 
record the nominal amount of the Restricted Notes held within the DTC system. Investors in Notes of such 
Tranche may hold their beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate only through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Investors may hold their beneficial interests in a Restricted Global Certificate 
directly through DTC if they are participants in the DTC system or indirectly through organisations which 
are participants in such system. 
Payments of the principal of and interest on each Restricted Global Certificate registered in the name of 
DTC's nominee will be made, if denominated in U.S. dollars, in accordance with Conditions 6.2(a) 
(Registered Notes) and 6.2(b) (Registered Notes), and if denominated in a Specified Currency other than 
U.S. dollars, will be made or procured to be made to or to the order of its nominee as the registered owner 
of such Restricted Global Certificate. The Issuer expects that the nominee, upon receipt of any such 
payment, will immediately credit DTC participants' accounts with payments in amounts proportionate to 
their respective beneficial interests in the nominal amount of the relevant Restricted Global Certificate as 
shown on the records of DTC or the nominee. The Issuer also expects that payments by DTC participants 
to owners of beneficial interests in such Restricted Global Certificate held through such DTC participants 
to be governed by standing instructions and customary practices, as is now the case with securities held for 
the accounts of customers registered in the names of nominees for such customers. Such payments will be 
the responsibility of such DTC participants. None of the Issuer or the relevant agents appointed by the 
Issuer for these purposes will have any responsibility or liability for any aspect of the records relating to or 
payments made on account of ownership interests in the Restricted Global Certificates or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such ownership interests. 
All Registered Notes will initially be in the form of an Unrestricted Global Certificate and/or (in the case 
of Restricted Notes) a Restricted Global Certificate. Individual Certificates will only be available, in the 
case of Notes initially represented by an Unrestricted Global Certificate, in amounts specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, and, in the case of Notes initially represented by a Restricted Global Certificate, in

--- Page 187 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 185 -
70-41019079 
 
 
amounts of at least U.S.$100,000 (or its equivalent rounded upwards), or higher integral multiples of 
U.S.$1,000, in certain limited circumstances. 
Transfers of Registered Notes 
Transfers of interests in Global Certificates within Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC will be 
in accordance with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant clearing system. The laws of 
some States in the United States require that certain persons take physical delivery in definitive form of 
securities. Consequently, the ability to transfer interests in a Restricted Global Certificate to such persons 
may be limited. Because DTC can only act on behalf of participants, who in turn act on behalf of indirect 
participants, the ability of a person having an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate to pledge such 
interest to persons or entities that do not participate in DTC, or otherwise take actions in respect of such 
interest, may be affected by the lack of a physical certificate in respect of such interest. 
Beneficial interests in an Unrestricted Global Certificate may only be held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. In the case of Registered Notes to be cleared through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or DTC, transfers may be made at any time by a holder of an interest in an Unrestricted 
Global Certificate to a transferee who wishes to take delivery of such interest through the Restricted Global 
Certificate for the same Series of Notes provided that any such transfer made on or prior to 40 days after 
the completion of the distribution of an identifiable tranche of which such Notes are a part relating to the 
Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon receipt by the Registrar 
or the relevant agent of a written certificate from the transferor, to the effect that such transfer is being made 
to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of 
Rule 144A in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A in accordance with any applicable 
securities law of any State of the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any such transfer made thereafter 
of the Notes represented by such Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon request through 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg by the holder of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate to 
the relevant agent of details of that account at either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC to be 
credited with the relevant interest in the Restricted Global Certificate. Transfers at any time by a holder of 
any interest in the Restricted Global Certificate to a transferee who takes delivery of such interest through 
an Unrestricted Global Certificate will only be made upon delivery to the Registrar or the relevant agent of 
a certificate setting forth compliance with the provisions of Regulation S and giving details of the account 
at Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, and/or DTC to be credited and debited, 
respectively, with an interest in the relevant Global Certificates. 
Subject to compliance with the transfer restrictions applicable to the Registered Notes described above and 
in "Transfer Restrictions", cross-market transfers between DTC, on the one hand, and directly or indirectly 
through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg accountholders, on the other, will be effected by the 
relevant clearing system in accordance with its rules and through action taken by the Custodian, the 
Registrar and the relevant agent. 
Cross-market transfers between accountholders in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC 
participants will need to have an agreed settlement date between the parties to such transfer. Because there 
is no direct link between DTC, on the one hand, and Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, on the other, 
transfers of interests in the relevant Global Certificates will be effected through the Custodian, the Registrar 
and the relevant agent receiving instructions (and, where appropriate, certification) from the transferor and 
arranging for delivery of the interests being transferred to the credit of the designated account for the 
transferee. In the case of cross-market transfers, settlement between Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
accountholders and DTC participants cannot be made on a delivery versus payment basis. The securities 
will be delivered on a free of delivery basis and arrangements for payment must be made separately. 
For a further description of restrictions on transfer of Registered Notes, see "Transfer Restrictions". 
DTC has advised the Issuer that it will take any action permitted to be taken by a holder of Registered Notes 
(including, without limitation, the presentation of Restricted Global Certificates for exchange) only at the 
direction of one or more participants in whose account with DTC interests in Restricted Global Certificates 
are credited and only in respect of such portion of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Restricted 
Global Certificates as to which such participant or participants has or have given such direction. However, 
in the circumstances described herein, DTC will surrender the relevant Restricted Global Certificates for 
exchange for individual Certificates (which will, in the case of Restricted Notes, bear the legend applicable 
to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A).

--- Page 188 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 186 -
70-41019079 
 
 
DTC has advised the Issuer as follows: DTC is a limited purpose trust company organised under the laws 
of the State of New York, a "banking organisation" under the laws of the State of New York, a member of 
the U.S. Federal Reserve System, a "clearing corporation" within the meaning of the New York Uniform 
Commercial Code and a "clearing agency" registered pursuant to the provisions of Section 17A of the 
Exchange Act. DTC was created to hold securities for its participants and facilitate the clearance and 
settlement of securities transactions between participants through electronic computerised book-entry 
changes in accounts of its participants, thereby eliminating the need for physical movement of certificates. 
Direct participants include securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies, clearing corporations and 
certain other organisations. Indirect access to DTC is available to others, such as banks, securities brokers, 
dealers and trust companies, that clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with a DTC direct 
participant, either directly or indirectly. 
Although Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC have agreed to the foregoing procedures in order 
to facilitate transfers of beneficial interests in the Global Certificates among participants and accountholders 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and DTC, they are under no obligation to perform or continue to 
perform such procedures, and such procedures may be discontinued at any time. The Issuer will not have 
any responsibility for the performance by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC or their respective 
direct or indirect participants or accountholders of their respective obligations under the rules and 
procedures governing their operations. 
While a Restricted Global Certificate is lodged with DTC or the Custodian, Restricted Notes represented 
by individual Certificates will not be eligible for clearing or settlement through Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or DTC. 
Individual Certificates 
Registration of title to Registered Notes in a name other than a depositary or its nominee for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or for DTC will be permitted only (i) in the case of Restricted Global Certificates 
in the circumstances set forth in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form - 
Exchange - Restricted Global Certificates" or (ii) in the case of Unrestricted Global Certificates in the 
circumstances set forth in "Summary of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form - Exchange 
- Unrestricted Global Certificates". In such circumstances, the Issuer will cause sufficient individual 
Certificates to be executed and delivered to the Registrar for completion, authentication and despatch to the 
relevant Noteholder(s). A person having an interest in a Global Certificate must provide the Registrar with: 
(a) 
a written order containing instructions and such other information as the Issuer and the Registrar 
may require to complete, execute and deliver such individual Certificates; and 
(b) 
in the case of a Restricted Global Certificate only, a fully completed, signed certification 
substantially to the effect that the exchanging holder is not transferring its interest at the time of 
such exchange, or in the case of a simultaneous resale pursuant to Rule 144A, a certification that 
the transfer is being made to a qualified institutional buyer in compliance with the provisions of 
Rule 144A. Individual Certificates issued pursuant to this paragraph (b) shall bear the legends 
applicable to transfers pursuant to Rule 144A.

--- Page 189 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 187 -
70-41019079 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the issue of the Notes will be used by the Issuer for its general funding purposes 
(including the establishment of hedging positions in connection with the Notes).

--- Page 190 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 188 -
70-41019079 
 
 
BUSINESS DESCRIPTION OF ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
Overview 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited ("ICBC"), formerly known as Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of China, was established on 1 January 1984. On 28 October 2005, ICBC was wholly 
restructured to a joint-stock limited company. On 27 October 2006, ICBC was listed on both the Shanghai 
and Hong Kong stock exchanges. 
On 8 November 2013, Standard Bank Group Limited ("SBGL") announced its intention to sell a majority 
interest in the Issuer, the principal entity which housed the Global Markets business of SBGL outside 
Africa. On 29 January 2014, Standard Bank London Holdings Limited ("SBLH"), a wholly owned 
subsidiary of SBGL, entered into a sale and purchase agreement in terms of which ICBC agreed to acquire 
a controlling interest of 60 per cent. in SBGL's London based Global Markets business, focusing on 
commodities, fixed income, currencies, credit and equities products. The transaction completed on 1 
February 2015 and the company name was changed to ICBC Standard Bank Plc on 27 March 2015. 
Standard Bank Group, SBLH, the Issuer and ICBC have also entered into a number of other ancillary 
agreements, including a shareholders' agreement and a services agreement. The shareholders' agreement 
contains, inter alia, provisions regarding governance, funding and capital arrangements for the Issuer 
following completion. 
ICBC has also been granted a five-year option to purchase from SBLH (now SBGL following the transfer 
of shareholding in December 2020) a further 20 per cent. of the outstanding ordinary shares of the Issuer 
for cash, which is exercisable from the second anniversary of completion. Subject to ICBC exercising such 
option, SBGL will have a five-year option to require ICBC to acquire its residual shareholding for cash. As 
of the date of this Base Prospectus, ICBC has not exercised such option to purchase the outstanding ordinary 
shares of the Issuer from SBGL. 
On 11 December 2020, SBLH transferred its remaining 40 per cent. interest in the Issuer to SBGL. 
The Issuer is a bank authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial 
Conduct Authority and Prudential Regulation Authority. For the purposes of this Base Prospectus and the 
Issuer's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020, the Issuer's Global Markets division is 
split into certain business segments. 
Global Markets 
 
Global Markets Division. The Global Markets business offers a full spectrum of traded financial 
market and commodity assets and risk management products. The business originates exposures 
directly from clients and its market-making activities, which are subsequently risk managed and 
traded with other market participants, asset managers and clients through the Issuer’s distribution 
network. 
 
The Issuer's unique parentage of ICBC and SBG has expanded the strategic opportunity of the 
Global Markets business to serve the increasing demand for commodities, hedging and capital 
market products from Chinese clients. The Global Markets business consists of Commodities, 
Fixed Income and Currencies ("FIC") business units. 
 
Commodities. The Commodities business provides global trading, sales and structuring expertise 
through its Base Metals, Precious Metals and Energy teams. The division's expertise extends to 
the management and financing of physical commodity inventories across these asset classes. The 
division provides vaulting and clearing services, including safe custody for physical bullion at its 
own vault in London and at market recognised vaults globally. 
 
FIC. FIC offers a comprehensive set of foreign exchange, money markets, interest rate and credit 
products, including risk management, financing and complex structured transactions. The business 
unit also includes the Debt Capital Markets activities which provides origination, structuring and 
execution capacilities.

--- Page 191 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 189 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The Issuer benefits from a network of offices located in the major international financial centres as well as 
in key developing economies. In addition to its London headquarters, the Issuer has additional operations 
in Singapore  and New York and a subsidiary in China (Shanghai). 
The following table sets forth the Issuer's net income, profit for the period, total assets and qualifying 
regulatory capital as at and for the periods indicated. 
 
As at and for the 
year ended 
31 December 2019 
As at and for the 
year ended 
31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Total operating revenue...........................................................................................
137.4
489.1
(Loss) / profit for the period....................................................................................
(248.2)
115.5
Total assets..............................................................................................................
24,425.5
27,736.3
Qualifying regulatory capital resources...................................................................
1,358.3
1,482.9
 
History 
The Issuer established its London office in 1992 as Standard Bank London Ltd, serving as the base for the 
Standard Bank Group's operations outside Africa. In June 2005, the name was changed to Standard Bank 
Plc. In March 2015, the name was further changed to ICBC Standard Bank Plc. The Issuer is a bank 
authorised and regulated by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial Conduct 
Authority, providing a range of banking and related financial services. It is a member of the London Metals 
Exchange and owns seats on the New York Mercantile Exchange (Comex division) and the Shanghai Gold 
Exchange International Board. 
Competition 
The financial services industry and the Issuer's principal business areas are subject to competition and the 
Issuer expects them to remain so. The Issuer's competitors vary according to business area and geographic 
region and include other brokers, investment banks, asset managers and commercial banks and range in 
size from the large global investment banking houses, traditional emerging market specialist banks to 
smaller local banks. The Issuer competes on the basis of a number of factors, including quality of transaction 
execution, quality of its products and services, extent of its products and services offering, innovation and 
reputation. 
ICBC group profile 
Industrial and Commercial Bank of China Limited, formerly known as Industrial and Commercial Bank of 
China, was established on 1 January 1984. On 28 October 2005, ICBC was wholly restructured to a joint-
stock limited company. On 27 October 2006, ICBC was listed on both the Shanghai and Hong Kong stock 
exchanges. ICBC has a presence in six continents and its overseas network has expanded to 49 countries 
and regions. 
ICBC provides a comprehensive suite of financial products and services to over 8 million corporate 
customers and over 650 million personal customers through its distribution channels. These channels 
consist of domestic institutions, overseas institutions and correspondent banks worldwide, as well as the e-
banking network comprising a range of internet and telephone banking services and self-service banking 
centres.

--- Page 192 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 190 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The holding structure of the Issuer is set out in the following diagram: 
 
__________________ 
# Ceased trading, and regulatory licence (DIFC) revoked on 30 December 2019. Corporate de-registration (DIFCA) is in progress. 
## Ceased trading and pending regulatory licence (HKMA) revocation. 
The Issuer 
The Issuer was incorporated for an unlimited duration on 11 May 1987 as a limited company in England 
and Wales under the Companies Act 1985 with registered number 2130447. In June 2005, the Issuer became 
a public limited company and changed its name from Standard Bank London Ltd. to Standard Bank Plc. In 
March 2015, the Issuer changed its name from Standard Bank Plc to ICBC Standard Bank Plc. The Issuer's 
registered office is at 20 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7JE, United Kingdom and the telephone number 
is +44 (0)20 3145 5000. 
Company 
Activity 
Country of 
incorporation 
Ownership 
interest (%) 
ICBC Standard Resources (China) Limited....................
Trading company
China
100.0
ICBC Standard NY Holdings Inc...................................
Holding company
USA
100.0
ICBC Standard Securities Inc.........................................
Broker / dealer
USA
100.0
ICBC Standard Resources (America) Inc.......................
Trading company
USA
100.0
 
The Issuer has additional operations in Singapore  and New York and a subsidiary in China (Shanghai). 
Statement of Support 
SBGL's undertaking of support remained until 31 January 2015, at which time ICBC entered into 
arrangements in favour of the Issuer substantively similar to the SBGL support letter. ICBC issued the 
following statement of support, which remains in force until ICBC ceases to be the controlling shareholder 
of the group: 
"We confirm ICBC Standard Bank Plc (the Issuer) is viewed as a long-term investment and is an integral 
part of our overall operational strategy. Our goal is to develop the Issuer into a major link in our 
international network, and therefore, we undertake to support its development and growth. ICBC hereby 
ICBC Standard 
Bank Plc
(United Kingdom)
40%
100%
100%
100%
ICBC Standard 
Securities Inc.
(USA)
ICBC Standard 
Resources 
(America) Inc.
(USA)
Standard Bank 
Group Limited
(South Africa)
ICBC Standard 
NY Holdings Inc. 
(USA)
Industrial and 
Commercial Bank of 
China Limited
(China)
60%
ICBC Standard 
Resources 
(China) Limited 
 (China)
100%
DIFC (Dubai)#
Hong Kong##
Singapore
100%
ICBC Standard Bank Plc
Branches
20.1%

--- Page 193 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 191 -
70-41019079 
 
 
confirms that it intends to financially support the Issuer in ensuring that it meets all of its financial 
obligations as they fall due, including the maintenance of a minimum capital adequacy level in ICBC 
Standard Bank Plc. Specifically, ICBC intends to provide funding and capital support to the Issuer and 
commits its intention to subscribe for certain 'qualifying instruments' as and when ICBC receives written 
notice from the Issuer that its capital and reserve funds amount to (or will foreseeably in the near term 
amount to) less than the minimum required amount of capital and reserve funds as determined in 
accordance with the rules and regulations of the Prudential Regulation Authority (or its successor). 
This letter shall remain valid unless or until ICBC ceases to be the controlling shareholder of ICBC 
Standard Bank Plc." 
Business Areas 
The Issuer's business areas include financing solutions across the debt and equity capital markets, and the 
Issuer has particular experience in commodity finance. The Issuer also provides a comprehensive range of 
trading and risk management solutions to clients in relation to foreign exchange, interest rates, credit, 
equities, commodities and money markets. The Issuer supports its divisions through its risk and capital 
management systems to ensure that products and services are delivered efficiently and effectively to the 
client and prudently use the Issuer's capital in doing so. 
The following table breaks down the Issuer's total income by business unit: 
 
Year ended 
31 December 2019 
Year ended 
31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
Commodities ...................................................................................
(79.8)
(58.1)
214.1
43.8
FIC ..................................................................................................
217.2
158.1
275.0
56.2
Other ................................................................................................  
- 
- 
- 
- 
Total ................................................................................................  
137.4 
100.0 
489.1 
100.0 
 
Insurance 
The Issuer believes that its business premises, including its property and equipment, are insured in a manner 
consistent with local market practices. The Issuer's insurance policies comprise, among others, third party 
liability provisions, property insurance and customary insurance policies, including accident and travel 
insurances, covering its employees. The Issuer also maintains Bankers Blanket Bond, Professional 
Indemnity and Directors' and Officers' liability insurance. The Issuer has not experienced any material 
disputes with its insurance companies in respect of insurance claims made by it. 
Employees 
The Issuer had 845 employees on average for 2020. 
The Issuer is committed to the principle of equal opportunities and to creating a working environment in 
which all those we have contact with are treated with dignity and respect. The bank does not tolerate any 
form of unlawful discrimination and is committed to ensuring that our workplace should be free from 
unlawful discrimination, victimisation or harassment on the grounds of race, sex, civil partnership or marital 
or family status, gender reassignment, disability, religion or belief, sexual orientation, age, pregnancy or 
maternity or representative status. Employee involvement in the Issuer's business is encouraged and 
information is disseminated to employees through communication meetings and internal staff publications. 
The Issuer recognises its responsibilities to provide a safe working environment for all its staff and measures 
are in place to ensure that the Issuer's health and safety regulations are observed. 
Employee Incentive Schemes 
The group operates a deferred incentive arrangement in the form of the quanto stock unit plan. Qualifying 
employees, with an incentive award above a set threshold are awarded quanto stock units denominated in 
US$ for nil consideration. The value of the awards is based on the ICBC share price as quoted on the Hong 
Kong Stock Exchange. The cost of the award is accrued over the vesting period (generally three years),

--- Page 194 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 192 -
70-41019079 
 
 
commencing the year in which these are awarded and communicated to employees. Awards will be 
exercised on vesting.  
Further information with respect to the Issuer's employee incentive schemes is included in note 30.10 of 
the Annual Financial Statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Legal Proceedings 
From time to time, the Issuer is involved in litigation or receives claims arising from the conduct of its 
business which can require the Issuer to engage in legal and regulatory proceedings in order to enforce 
contractual rights. Similarly, the Issuer is the subject of various regulatory reviews, requests for information 
and investigations by various governmental and regulatory bodies related to the Issuer's business 
operations. 
The Issuer is defending a class action lawsuit filed against it and a number of other institutions in the 
Southern District of New York for unquantified damages arising as a result of an alleged conspiracy to 
manipulate and rig the global benchmarks for physical platinum and palladium prices, as well as the prices 
of platinum and palladium based financial derivative products. The complaint was dismissed in 2020 but is 
subject to an appeal by the plaintiffs. 
Standard New York Securities, Inc. and Standard Americas, Inc. (which are now subsidiaries of ICBC 
Standard Bank Plc and are known as ICBC Standard Securities, Inc. and ICBC Standard Resources 
(America), Inc., respectively) are amongst a number of institutions defending a case brought by the South 
African Competition Commission before the South African Competition Tribunal, alleging collusive 
behaviour in the trading of foreign currency pairs involving the Rand. 
Whilst recognising the inherent difficulty of predicting the outcome of legal and regulatory proceedings, 
the Issuer believes, based upon current knowledge and after consulting with legal counsel, that these matters 
should not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position of the Issuer.

--- Page 195 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 193 -
70-41019079 
 
 
RISK MANAGEMENT 
Introduction 
The effective management of risk within the stated risk appetite is fundamental to the banking activities of 
the Issuer. The Issuer seeks to achieve a measured balance between risk and reward in its businesses as 
described below. In this regard, the Issuer continues to build and enhance the risk management capabilities 
that assist in delivering growth plans in a controlled environment. 
Risk management is at the core of the operating and management structures of the Issuer. Managing and 
controlling risks, and in particular avoiding undue concentrations of exposure, limiting potential losses 
from stress events, restricting significant positions in less quantifiable risk areas and constraining profit or 
loss volatility are essential elements of the risk management and control framework which serve to protect 
the Issuer's reputation and business franchise. 
Overall responsibility for risk management within the Issuer rests with the Board. Accountability for risk 
management resides at all levels within the Issuer, from executive down through the organisation to each 
business manager and risk specialist. The three lines of defence model is embedded in the Issuer's operating 
model. 
In the first line of defence, business unit management is primarily responsible for risk management. The 
assessment, evaluation and measurement of risk is an ongoing process which is integrated into day-to-day 
business activities. This includes the continued development of the Issuer's operational risk management 
framework, identification of material issues and the implementation of remedial action where required. 
Business unit management is also accountable for appropriate reporting to the various governance bodies 
within the Issuer. 
The second line of defence is represented by the Issuer's risk management function which is independent 
of line management within the business areas. The risk function is primarily accountable for establishing 
and maintaining the Issuer's risk management framework, standards and supporting policies, as well as for 
providing risk oversight and independent reporting of risk to executive management, board committees and 
the Board. 
The third line of defence consists of internal audit which provides an independent assessment of the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the Issuer’s overall system of internal control and risk governance structures. 
The audit function reports independently to the Issuer’s board audit committee. 
Governance Structure 
Overall responsibility for risk management within the Issuer rests with the Board. Day-to-day responsibility 
is delegated to the executive committee and its sub-committees which review, inter alia, summaries of 
market, liquidity, credit, operational, country and regulatory risks. 
The Board also delegates certain functions and responsibilities to the board audit committee ("BAC") and 
the board risk management committee ("BRMC"). 
Risk policies and procedures 
The Issuer has developed a set of policies for each major risk type to which it is exposed. The policies set 
out minimum control requirements and are designed to ensure alignment and consistency in the manner 
which the major risk types across the Issuer are dealt with, from identification to reporting. All policies are 
applied consistently across the Issuer and certain policies are approved by the BRMC. It is the responsibility 
of executive management in each business line to ensure the implementation of risk policies. Supporting 
policies and procedures are implemented by the management team and independently monitored by the 
embedded risk resources. 
Risk appetite 
Risk appetite is an expression of the amount, type and tenor of risk the Issuer is willing to take in pursuit 
of its financial and strategic objectives, reflecting the Issuer's capacity to sustain losses and continue to 
meet its obligations as they fall due in a range of different stress conditions. The Board has developed a 
framework to articulate risk appetite throughout the Issuer and to external stakeholders.

--- Page 196 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 194 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The Board establishes the parameters for risk appetite by: 
 
Providing strategic leadership and guidance; 
 
Reviewing and approving annual budgets and forecasts, under normal and stressed conditions, for 
the Issuer and each division; 
 
Regularly reviewing and monitoring the Issuer's performance in relation to risk through quarterly 
Board reports; and 
 
Conducting forward-looking analysis of risk tendency against risk appetite in both normal and 
stressed conditions. 
The chief risk officer ("CRO") recommends the level of risk appetite for the Issuer to both the BRMC and 
the Board. 
The Issuer's risk appetite is defined by the following metrics: 
 
earnings volatility; 
 
liquidity; 
 
regulatory capital; 
 
unacceptable risk; and 
 
economic capital. 
These metrics are then converted into limits and triggers across the relevant risk types, at both entity and 
business line level, through an analysis of the risks that impact them. 
Stress testing 
The Issuer's stress testing framework supports the regular execution of stress tests at the business unit and 
legal entity levels. The Issuer's overall stress testing programme is a key management tool within the 
organisation and facilitates a forward looking perspective on risk tendency and business performance. 
Stress testing involves identifying possible events or future changes in economic conditions that could have 
an impact on the Issuer. 
Stress tests are used in proactively managing the Issuer's risk profile, capital planning and management, 
strategic business planning, setting of capital buffers and liquidity profile. Stress testing is an integral 
component of the Issuer's internal capital adequacy assessment process ("ICAAP"), and is used to assess 
and manage the adequacy of regulatory and economic capital. Stress tests are regularly discussed with 
regulators. 
In managing the Issuer's liquidity position, management considers the impact of stress on its funding and 
liquidity position by conducting stress testing on a daily basis. The internal stress test models the Issuer's 
view of combined idiosyncratic and market-wide stress scenario and helps determine the Issuer's liquidity 
risk appetite. The stress testing framework is included in the individual liquidity adequacy assessment 
process ("ILAAP"), which is used to assess the group's processes for identification, measurement, 
management and monitoring of liquidity and funding risk. 
The appropriateness and severity of the relevant stress scenarios for enterprise wide stress testing are 
approved by the BRMC following a recommendation by the risk management committee ("RMC") and are 
reviewed at least annually. 
Management reviews the results of the stress tests as measured by the risk appetite metrics, and evaluates 
the need for mitigating actions. Examples of mitigating actions include reviewing and changing risk limits, 
reducing business, limiting exposures and putting hedges in place.

--- Page 197 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 195 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Stress testing supports a number of business processes across the Issuer, including: 
 
strategic planning and budgeting; 
 
capital planning and management, including setting capital buffers for the Issuer; 
 
communication with internal and external stakeholders; and 
 
assessment, as required, of the impact of changes in short-term macroeconomic factors on the 
Issuer's performance. 
During 2018, the Issuer performed stress tests on scenarios defined by the Prudential Regulation Authority 
(PRA) in addition to internal group defined scenarios, which included "emerging market risk off" and 
"global financial crisis" scenarios. The "emerging market risk off" scenario models the impact of a sharp 
deterioration in emerging market risk appetite, likely to be driven by U.S. Federal Reserve interest rate 
increases and rising concerns over corporate leverage in the U.S. The "global financial crisis" scenario 
envisages a severe slowdown in the Chinese economy due to excessive leverage both in China and 
imbalances in other parts of the global economy. The scenario provides a severe negative economic stress 
in the Issuer’s key markets based upon heavy reliance on natural resource exports. The impact of a no-deal 
Brexit has been subject to regular stress testing since 2018 which has not had a material impact on the 
Issuer's financial resources. This stress was, and will continue to be, subject to regular review throughout 
2020 and 2021. 
The Issuer also conducts reverse stress testing to complement the overarching stress testing programme. 
Reverse stress testing identifies those scenarios that could threaten the ongoing stability of the Issuer, and 
serves to inform what management action should be taken to mitigate this risk. These tests are a risk 
management tool as they assist in testing assumptions about business strategy and contingency planning. 
 
During 2021, the Issuer performed stress tests on scenarios that are at least as severe as the Bank of 
England's scenarios. These included a "Global Second Wave", a "Financial Crisis", and a "Rapid Recovery". 
The "Global Second Wave" explores a 'W' shaped recession driven by an escalation of the pandemic causing 
strict lockdowns and with less capacity for governments to support the economy than in 2020. The stress 
particularly affects countries that suffered the most in 2020 and emerging markets that are dependent on 
trade and portfolio flows. The "Financial Crisis" envisages protracted lockdowns which lead to a sharp fall 
in investor confidence combined with governments imposing austerity measures, leading to prolonged 
global economic stagnation and significant stress in China and in commodity markets. The "Rapid Upturn" 
explores risks from overheating in the U.S. as the recovery accelerates, leading to an emerging market 'risk 
off' event. The stress tests are subject to regular review to ensure they remain appropriate.  
In 2021 the Issuer is introducing climate risk stress testing to understand the vulnerability to transition and 
physical climate risks. The scenario is focussed on transition risks and explores the impact of a sharp carbon 
tax increase on both advanced and emerging economies. 
Risk profile 
The Issuer's trading activities comprise both customer related and principal business. These activities result 
in the Issuer holding positions in foreign exchange, commodities and marketable securities for its own 
account and to facilitate client business. 
The Issuer's non-trading portfolios of financial instruments include loans and finances, trade finance, 
deposits and debt securities. 
Country Risk 
All countries to which the Issuer is exposed are reviewed at least annually. Internal rating models are 
employed to determine ratings for jurisdiction (on a rating scale JRaaa to JRc), sovereign, and transfer and 
convertibility risk (on a rating scale RG01 to RG25). In determining the ratings, extensive use is made of 
the Issuer's network of operations and external information sources. These internal ratings are also a key 
input into the Issuer’s credit rating models.

--- Page 198 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 196 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Country risk is mitigated through a number of methods, including: 
 
Political and commercial risk insurance; 
 
Co-financing with multilateral institutions; and 
 
Structures to mitigate transferability and convertibility risk such as collection, collateral and 
margining deposits outside the jurisdiction in question. 
The following table shows the percentage composition of the Issuer's loans and advances by region: 
 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
 
(%) 
Sub-Saharan Africa..............................................................................................................
46.8
36.5
Asia-Pacific..........................................................................................................................
8.1
7.4
Middle East & North Africa.................................................................................................
4.1
7.2
Rest of Europe......................................................................................................................
30.7
32.5
Latin America ......................................................................................................................
0.1
-
North America......................................................................................................................
2.3
5.9
Eurozone ..............................................................................................................................  
7.9 
10.5 
 
100.0 
100.0 
 
Credit Risk 
Credit risk comprises mainly of counterparty credit risk arising from loans granted, commodity leasing, 
securities financing transactions and derivative contracts entered into with the Issuer's clients and market 
counterparties. 
The Issuer manages credit risk through: 
 
maintaining a strong culture of responsible risk taking and a robust risk policy and control 
framework; 
 
identifying, assessing and measuring credit risk clearly and accurately across the Issuer, from the 
level of individual facilities up to the total portfolio; 
 
defining, implementing and re-evaluating the Issuer's risk appetite under actual and stress 
conditions; 
 
monitoring credit risk relative to limits; and 
 
ensuring that there is expert scrutiny and independent approval of credit risks and their mitigation. 
First line responsibility for credit risk management resides with the business lines, which is in turn 
supported by the overarching risk function. 
In the trading/derivatives area, the Issuer is exposed to counterparty credit risk, which arises as a result of 
movements in the fair value of securities and commodities financing and OTC derivative contracts. The 
risk amounts reflect the estimated aggregate replacement or exit costs that would be incurred by the Issuer 
in the event of counterparties defaulting on their obligations. 
The exposure to counterparty risk is affected by the nature of the trades and after recognition of any eligible 
netting and collateral arrangements. 
Strategy and process to manage risk 
The Issuer's head of credit has functional responsibility for credit risk across the Issuer and reports to the 
CRO.

--- Page 199 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 197 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Structure and organisation of credit risk management function 
A formal structure exists for the approval of credit limits which are agreed through delegated authority 
derived from the Board. 
The Board awards the highest level of delegated authority to the credit committee to exercise responsibility 
of granting credit risk. The credit committee is convened as a sub-committee of the risk management 
committee ("RMC") with a mandate to: 
 
Exercise responsibility for the independent assessment, approval, review, and monitoring of credit 
and country risk limits and exposures relating to the Issuer's business under a delegated authority 
construct; 
 
Ensure that the origination and management of credit and country exposure (including structured 
transactions) in the portfolio is done in line with the credit policy and any other guidance given to 
it by the RMC from time to time; 
 
Escalate matters to RMC as appropriate, including breaches of risk appetite and proposed 
corrective actions; 
 
Monitor and review non-performing loan and watchlist exposures; 
 
Review and approve counterparty trading documentation (e.g. ISDA Master Agreements, Global 
Master Repurchase Agreements, etc.) and legal opinions on netting, collateral and other forms of 
credit risk mitigation; and 
 
Approve any underwriting commitments related to primary markets transactions. 
Methodology to assign credit limits 
The Issuer uses internal models and practices to measure and manage credit risk to ensure that it is properly 
understood, managed and controlled. 
The credit modelling framework includes the use of probability of default ("PD"), loss given default 
("LGD"), exposure at default ("EAD), unexpected loss ("UL"), expected loss ("EL"), Ecap consumption 
and economic profit ("EP"). The Issuer's risk appetite is in part calibrated to these economic risk drivers. 
PD models are used to assess the probability of a counterparty not making full and timely repayment of 
credit obligations over a specific time horizon. The models use a combination of forward-looking 
qualitative factors and quantitative inputs. Each customer is assigned an internal credit rating which in turn 
is mapped to a statistically calibrated PD as is illustrated in the table below. Different models are used for 
each discrete credit portfolio and counterparty, and each model has its own particular set of risk factors and 
inputs used for assessing the rating. All models are statistically tested and independently validated to ensure 
that they have an acceptable level of predictive power, provide an accurate forward looking rating 
assessment suitable for use in regulatory and economic capital assessment and are stable through an 
economic cycle. For Ecap management, the Issuer uses forward-looking ratings but also explores point in 
time ("PIT") versus through the cycle ("TTC") impacts through stress testing and deploys a credit 
migration model to assess the impact of risk rating downgrades. 
The Issuer's 25 point master rating scale below is calibrated against external credit assessment institutions' 
alphanumerical rating scales and Issuer grading categories. 
Issuer master rating 
scale 
Moody's Investors 
Service 
Standard & Poor's 
Fitch 
Grading 
1 - 4 
Aaa to Aa3 
AAA to AA- 
AAA to AA- 
Investment 
grade 
5 - 7 
A1 to A3 
A+ to A- 
A+ to A- 
8 - 12 
Baa1 to Baa3 
BBB+ to BBB- 
BBB+ to BBB-

--- Page 200 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 198 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Issuer master rating 
scale 
Moody's Investors 
Service 
Standard & Poor's 
Fitch 
Grading 
13 - 25 
Ba1 to Ca 
BB+ to CCC- 
BB+ to CCC- 
Sub-investment grade 
Default 
C 
D 
D 
Default 
 
The following table sets out the percentage composition of the Issuer's weighted credit risk of loans and 
advances on the basis of its internal rating as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
31 December 
2019 
31 December 
2020 
 
(%) 
Performing ............................................................................................................................
99.2
99.8
Past due but not impaired......................................................................................................
0.8
-
Impaired ................................................................................................................................ 
- 
0.2 
 
100 
100 
 
Market Risk 
The purpose of market risk management is to identify, measure, assess, monitor, report and manage market 
risk exposures within acceptable parameters, while optimising the return on risk. Major exposures to market 
risk occur in markets served by formal financial exchanges and over-the-counter markets. These exposures 
arise primarily as a result of the execution of customers' orders. The Issuer's exposure to market risk can be 
categorised as follows: 
Trading book market risk 
These risks arise in trading activities where the Issuer acts as a principal with clients in the market. 
Banking book interest rate risk 
These risks arise from the structural interest rate risk caused by the differing repricing characteristics of 
banking assets and liabilities. 
Foreign currency risk 
These risks arise as a result of changes in the fair value or future cash flows of financial exposures as a 
result of changes in foreign exchange rates other than those changes included in the value at risk ("VaR") 
analysis. 
Equity investments 
These risks arise from equity price changes caused by listed and unlisted investments. 
Framework and governance 
The Board approves the market risk appetite for all types of market risk and grants general authority to take 
on market risk exposure to the BRMC which delegates responsibility for limit setting and exposure 
monitoring to the RMC at a legal entity level. The RMC also sets market risk standards to ensure that the 
measurement, reporting, monitoring and management of market risk associated with operations across the 
group follow a common governance framework. The MLRC, a subcommittee of Govco, is in charge of the 
close supervision of the market risk activities and the correct application of the market risk policies. 
Market risk management, independent of trading operations, monitor market risk exposures from both 
trading activities and banking activities. All exposures and any limit excesses are monitored daily, and 
reported monthly to MLRC. Level 1 limit breaches are also reported quarterly to the RMC.

--- Page 201 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 199 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Operational Risk 
The operational risk management function is independent from business line management and is part of the 
second line of defence. It is responsible for the development and maintenance of the operational risk 
governance framework, facilitating business's adoption of the framework, oversight and reporting, as well 
as for challenging the risk profile. 
The team proactively analyses incident root causes, trends and emerging threats, advises on the remediation 
of potential control weaknesses and recommends best practice solutions. Team members have expertise in 
the key functions they are responsible for to ensure effective challenge. 
An independent team, reporting directly to the chief risk officer, has responsibility for second line assurance 
for the physical and derivative Commodities business. The team has a dotted line into the head of 
operational risk in respect of the operational risk framework. 
BRMC, as the appropriately delegated risk oversight body on behalf of the Board, has ultimate 
responsibility for operational risk. BRMC ensures that the operational risk management ("ORM") 
framework for the management and reporting of operational risk is implemented across the Issuer, whilst 
ensuring regulatory compliance where applicable. 
The operational risk committee ("OpCo") serves as the main operational risk management committee 
within the Issuer. The committee's primary responsibility is to monitor and control operational risk for the 
Issuer and oversee adherence to the agreed risk appetite. It is responsible for ensuring a robust operational 
risk framework is embedded across the organisation and promoting strong risk culture within the three lines 
of defence model. 
The roles and responsibilities for managing operational risks are stipulated in the operational risk 
governance standard and various ORM policies. These policies indicate the responsibilities of operational 
risk specialists at all levels and of the risk owners. Local heads of ORM may develop their own policies 
and procedures that better suit their unique environments. These policies and procedures must align to the 
policies and procedures and must be approved by their respective governance committees. 
Accounting Policies 
The Issuer has prepared its company and consolidated annual financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020 under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS") as adopted by the European 
Union and the interpretations of the International Financial Reporting Interpretations Committee.  
There were no new or amended standards or interpretations effective for the year ended 31 December 2020 
that had a significant effect on the group’s or company’s annual financial statements. 
Composition of Assets 
Financial Assets Held for Trading 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's total financial assets held for trading amounted to U.S.$2,187.6 
million (31 December 2019: U.S.$1,920.0 million). The trading portfolio comprises government, utility 
and corporate bonds classified as held for trading purposes, which amounted to U.S.$2,104.5 million as at 
31 December 2020 (31 December 2019: U.S.$1,882.9 million). As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer also 
held U.S.$83.1 million in reverse repurchase agreements (31 December 2019: U.S.$21.9 million), U.S.$nil 
in equities (31 December 2019: U.S.$15.2 million). 
Derivative Assets 
In the normal course of business, the Issuer enters into a variety of derivative transactions for both trading 
and hedging purposes. Derivative financial instruments used by the Issuer in both trading and hedging 
activities include swaps, options, forwards, futures, and other similar types of instruments based on foreign 
exchange rates, interest rates, credit risk and the prices of commodities and equities. 
The risks associated with derivative instruments are monitored in the same manner as for the underlying 
instruments. Risks are also measured across the product range in order to take into account possible 
correlations.

--- Page 202 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 200 -
70-41019079 
 
 
The fair value of all derivatives is recognised on the balance sheet and is only netted to the extent that a 
legal right of set off exists and there is an intention to settle on a net basis. 
As at 31 December 2020, the fair value of the Issuer's derivative assets amounted to U.S.$6,084.5million 
(31 December 2019: U.S.$3,981.9million) and the fair value of its derivative liabilities amounted to 
U.S.$6,558.5million (31 December 2019: U.S.$4,563.8million). 
Further information on the Issuer's derivative instruments as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019 
is set out in note 7 to the Issuer's financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Lending 
Loan Portfolio 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's aggregate loan portfolio amounted to U.S.$7,380.0 million (31 
December 2019: U.S.$5,777.0 million). 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's aggregate loan portfolio by nature of loan as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Loans and advances to customers..........................................................................................
801.8
588.9
Loans and advances to banks and other financial institutions................................................
1,768.9
2,778.4
Loans granted under purchase and resale agreements to banks and customers......................
3,210.6
4,021.4
Credit impairment .............................................................................................................. 
(4.3) 
(8.7) 
Total ..................................................................................................................................... 
5,777.0 
7,380 
 
The Issuer's deposits with banks and non-bank financial institutions are disclosed as part of loans and 
advances, in accordance with IFRS 7 Financial Instruments: Disclosures, even though such deposits 
represent the short term placement by the Issuer of its excess liquidity. 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's aggregate loan portfolio by industry sector as at 
31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
Banks and other financial institutions.......................................
4,979.5
86
6,712.8
91
Governments and public sector organisations
126.8
2
226.4
3
Manufacturing ..........................................................................
15.8
-
14.0
-
Mining......................................................................................
293.5
5
286.0
4
Transport ..................................................................................
10.3
-
5.0
-
Wholesale.................................................................................
319.8
6
142.7
2
Other ......................................................................................... 
35.6 
1 
1.8 
- 
Total ......................................................................................... 
5,781.3 
100 
7,388.7 
100 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's aggregate loan portfolio by the remaining periods 
to contractual maturity as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
Redeemable on demand ..............................................................
1,969.5
34
2,371.2
32
Maturing within one month.........................................................
695.4
12
1,058.4
14
Maturing after one month but within six months.........................
343.7
6
1,325.4
18
Maturing within 6 and 12 months................................................
145.5
3
2,183.8
30
Maturing after 12 months.........................................................  
2,627.2 
45 
449.9 
6 
Total ...........................................................................................  
5,781.3 
100 
7,388.7 
100

--- Page 203 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 201 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Credit risk assessment method 
Stage of financial instruments 
The group classifies the financial instruments into three stages and makes provisions for expected credit 
losses accordingly, depending on whether credit risk on that financial instrument has increased significantly 
since initial recognition. 
The three stages are defined as follows: 
Stage 1: For exposures where there has not been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition 
and that are not credit impaired upon purchase or origination, the 12 month ECL is recognised. For 
instruments in stage 1, interest revenue is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross 
carrying amount of the instrument. 
Stage 2: For exposures where there has been a significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition but 
that are not credit impaired, an allowance (or provision) is required for ECL resulting from all possible 
default events over the expected life of the financial instrument (lifetime ECL). For instruments in stage 2, 
interest revenue continues to be calculated by applying the effective interest rate to the gross carrying 
amount of the instrument. 
Stage 3: For exposures where there is objective evidence of impairment, which are considered to be in 
default or otherwise credit impaired, an allowance (or provision) for lifetime ECL is also required. 
However, for instruments in stage 3, interest revenue is calculated by applying the effective interest rate to 
the amortised cost (net of the allowance or provision) rather than the gross carrying amount of the 
instrument. 
The assessment of whether an instrument is in stage 1 or stage 2 considers the relative change in the 
probability of default occurring over the expected life of the instrument, not the change in the amount of 
expected credit losses. 
An instrument is in stage 3 if it exhibits objective evidence of credit impairment, which includes: 
• 
known cash flow difficulties experienced by the borrower; 
• 
a breach of contract such as default or delinquency in interest and/or principal payments; 
• 
breaches of loan covenants; 
• 
it becoming probable that the borrower will enter bankruptcy or other financial reorganisation; or 
• 
the group, for economic or legal reasons relating to the borrower’s financial difficulty, grants the 
borrower a concession that it would not otherwise consider. 
Exposures that have not deteriorated significantly since origination or which are less than 30 days past due, 
are considered tohave a low credit risk. The loss allowance for these instruments is based on 12 month 
ECL. 
An exposure will migrate through the ECL stages as asset quality deteriorates. If, in a subsequent period, 
asset quality improves and also reverses any previously assessed significant increase in credit risk since 
origination, then the loss allowance reverts from lifetime ECL to 12 month ECL. 
Significant increase in credit risk 
The assessment of significant increase in credit risk since initial recognition is performed on a monthly 
basis by comparing the risk of default occurring over the expected life of the instrument between the 
monthly reporting date and the date of initial recognition. 
A significant increase in credit risk occurs when any of the following situations arise within the group’s 
rating system: 
• 
a decline in risk rating of three or more risk grades between risk grades 12 and 20 (equivalent to 
Standard & Poor's risk ratings of BBB- to B-);

--- Page 204 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 202 -
70-41019079 
 
 
• 
any decline in risk rating into risk grade 21 (equivalent to Standard & Poor's risk rating of CCC+) 
or lower; or 
• 
any decline in risk rating below risk grade 21. 
In addition, qualitative factors, such as watch list exposures, can also trigger a significant increase in credit 
risk. 
Description of models and parameters 
The group's models for determining ECLs use three key input parameters, being probability of default 
("PD"), loss given default ("LGD") and exposure at default ("EAD"). ECLs are calculated by multiplying 
these three components. PD is the likelihood of default assessed on the prevailing economic conditions at 
the reporting date adjusted to take into account estimates of future economic conditions that are likely to 
impact the risk of default. LGD is a current assessment of the amount that will be recovered in the event of 
default and EAD is the expected balance sheet exposure at default. PD and LGD are linked to the risk 
grades and assigned at counterparty level. PDs are calculated by constructing a through-the-cycle term 
structure using a Standard & Poor's-based transition matrix and the group's internal through the cycle PD. 
Moody's KMV data is then used to convert this into a point-in-time PD. LGDs are based on a workout 
model, which calculates an expected rate of recovery on financial instruments by assigning a defined loss 
rate for different default resolution paths, and weights these according to an assumed probability of each 
default event occurring. The default resolution events comprise: (i) cure events; (ii) restructure events; and 
(iii) liquidation events. The EAD is based on the balance sheet value of the exposure (including accrued 
interest) adjusted for the value of any collateral (which may be on- or off-balance sheet) held against that 
balance. 
Forward-looking economic view and macroeconomic scenario 
The group's forward-looking economic view is taken into consideration when the internal credit ratings are 
determined. The ratings incorporate average expected default probabilities ("EDPs") from Moody's KMV 
and are inherently linked to the group's forward looking economic view. 
When calculating the weighted average ECL, the optimism, neutral and pessimism scenarios and its 
weightings provided by an external economic forecasting service provider are also taken into account by 
the group. 
Write-off policy 
When an asset is uncollectible, it is written off against the related provision. Such assets are written off 
after all the necessary procedures have been completed and the amount of the loss has been determined. 
Subsequent recoveries of amounts previously written off reduce the amount of the expense in the income 
statement. 
Funding Sources 
The Issuer maintains a high level of liquidity, both in terms of the Issuer's own funding base and in 
managing the asset side of its balance sheet. As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer's aggregate funding 
amounted to U.S.$ 13,756.2 million (U.S.$ 10,625.1 million as at 31 December 2019). 
The following table shows the breakdown of the Issuer's aggregate funding, by source of funds, as at 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
Deposits from banks and other financial institutions..................
8,639.7
81
9,065.3
66
Repurchase agreements..............................................................
1,560.8
15
2,417.1
18
Deposits from customers ............................................................  
424.6 
4 
2,273.8 
16 
 
10,625.1 
100 
13,756.2 
100

--- Page 205 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 203 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Deposits include, amongst other items, cash placements from banks and central banks, and deposits 
received from other ICBC group undertakings. 
The table below shows the breakdown of the Issuer's funding by remaining periods to contractual maturity 
as at 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
As at 31 December 2019 
As at 31 December 2020 
 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
(U.S.$ 
millions) 
(%) 
Redeemable on demand .............................................................
403.0
4
1,608.8
12
Maturing within one month........................................................
4,266.2
40
4,511.6
33
Maturing after one month but within six months........................
4,877.3
46
3,671.3
27
Maturing within 6 and 12 months...............................................
618.0
6
607.9
4
Maturing after 12 months ........................................................... 
460.6 
4 
3,356.6 
24 
 
10,625.1 
100 
13,756.2 
100 
 
Capital Adequacy 
The following table sets out an analysis of the capital adequacy of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019: 
 
As at 31 
December 
2019 
As at 31 
December 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Common Equity Tier 1
Share capital .......................................................................................................................
1,083.5
1,083.5
Share premium....................................................................................................................
996.0
996.0
Qualifying reserves.............................................................................................................
(1,066.0)
(937.9)
Less:  regulatory deductions ............................................................................................ 
(65.2) 
(68.7) 
Total Common Equity Tier 1 ........................................................................................... 
948.3 
1,072.9 
Additional Tier 1
Capital instruments.............................................................................................................
160.0
160.0
Less:  regulatory deductions ............................................................................................ 
- 
- 
Total Additional Tier 1 Capital .......................................................................................
160.0
160.0
Total Tier 1........................................................................................................................
1,108.3
1,232.9
Tier 2 Capital
Subordinated debt instruments............................................................................................
250.0
250.0
Credit impairments against performing loans .....................................................................
-
-
Less: regulatory deductions .......................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Total Tier 2 capital ........................................................................................................... 
250.0 
250.0 
Less deductions from tier 1 and tier 2 ................................................................................. 
- 
- 
Total Qualifying Ter 1 and Tier 2 capital ....................................................................... 
1,358.3 
1,482.9 
Total tier 3 capital............................................................................................................. 
- 
- 
Less deductions for total capital ......................................................................................... 
- 
- 
Total tier 1, tier 2 and tier 3 capital ................................................................................. 
1,358.3 
1,482.9 
Total risk weighted assets.............................................................................................
6,952.8
8,122.8
Tier 1 capital to risk weighted assets ...........................................................................
15.9%
15.2%
Total capital to risk weighted assets.............................................................................
19.5%
18.3%

--- Page 206 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 204 -
70-41019079 
 
 
MANAGEMENT 
Board of Directors 
The current members of the Board of Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Name 
Title 
A W Simmonds.............................
Chairman, Independent non-executive director
W Wang........................................
Chief Executive Officer
I da Costa Mendes.........................
Independent non-executive director 
J E Eden ........................................
Independent non-executive director
A K L Fihla...................................
Non-executive director
R Han............................................
Non-executive director
D W P Hodnett..............................
Non-executive director 
Y Hu..............................................
Non-executive director 
P Hurley........................................
Executive director 
B Jin..............................................
Executive director
G Jones..........................................
Independent non-executive director
L Wang .........................................
Non-executive director 
S Wang..........................................
Executive director
 
While overall responsibility for the management of the Issuer rests with the Board of Directors, day to day 
responsibility is delegated to the Executive Committee of the Issuer and its sub-committees. 
The business address of the members of the Board of Directors is 20 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7JE, 
United Kingdom. None of the Directors holds any beneficial interest in the ordinary share capital of the 
Issuer. 
The Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interest between the duties to the Issuer of the persons 
listed above and their private interests or duties. 
Committees 
The Board delegates certain functions and responsibilities to the following committees: 
Executive Committee 
This committee is responsible for the day-to-day management of the Issuer. Subject to the overall authority 
of the Board, the committee meets regularly, to develop business strategy, initiate and review strategic 
initiatives, review and approve annual business plans, monitor financial performance against budget, 
monitor risk and all matters related to regulatory responsibilities and review the activities of its sub-
committees. 
The major sub-committees, supporting the executive committee in fulfilling its responsibilities, are the asset 
and liability management committee, risk management committee, regulatory compliance committee, 
counterparty risk management committee, new products and significant transactions approval committee, 
transaction acceptance committee, integration and change committee and other regional management 
committees. 
Board Audit Committee 
This independent non-executive board committee monitors the processes for identifying, evaluating and 
managing risks and controls. In particular, this includes the quality, integrity and reliability of financial and 
accounting control systems. The committee’s other responsibilities are to review the scope of external and 
internal audit, to receive regular reports from internal audit and the external auditors, Deloitte LLP, and to 
review the financial statements focusing in particular on accounting policies, and areas of management 
judgement and estimates. The committee meets quarterly. 
Board Risk Management Committee 
The objective of this non-executive board committee is to provide an independent review and challenge to 
the group’s risk and compliance policies and the composition of the risk portfolio, its concentrations and 
the risk-taking decisions of the group, covering all aspects of risk – market, credit, country, liquidity, 
operational, business and reputational. The committee is also responsible for providing independent and

--- Page 207 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 205 -
70-41019079 
 
 
objective oversight of compliance across the group.The committee complements the audit committee which 
also studies, inter alia, risk controls and their operation, but from a different perspective. The committee 
meets quarterly. 
Board Remuneration Committee 
This non-executive committee approves remuneration policy and long term incentive schemes for staff, 
sets the remuneration of executive directors and other senior executives, and approves guidelines for the 
Issuer's annual salary and incentive reviews. 
Board IT Committee 
This new committee was constituted in February 2021in order to assist the Board in discharging its duties 
relating to oversight of the Issuer's IT environment across technology, strategy support and execution 
oversight, technology governance and resilience, cyber security and cyber resilience, technology 
investment, enterprise data management, regulatory interactions, and digital transformation and e-
commerce.

--- Page 208 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 206 -
70-41019079 
 
 
CAPITALISATION AND INDEBTEDNESS 
The following table sets forth, on an IFRS basis, the Issuer's consolidated capitalisation as of 31 December 
2019 and 31 December 2020. This information should be read together with the Issuer's audited 
consolidated financial statements, which are incorporated by reference. 
 
31 December 
2019 
31 December
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Deposits and current accounts(1) ................................................................................................  
460.6 
3,356.6 
Subordinated debt..................................................................................................................
251.2
250.8
Less:  Accrued interest...........................................................................................................
1.2
0.8
Net subordinated debt................................................................................................................  
250.0 
250.0 
Ordinary share capital............................................................................................................
1,083.5
1,083.5
Ordinary share premium........................................................................................................
996.0
996.0
Other equity instruments........................................................................................................
160.0
160.0
Reserves.................................................................................................................................
(1,066.0)
(937.9)
Equity attributable to ordinary shareholders ................................................................  
1,173.5 
1,301.5 
Total .........................................................................................................................................  
1,884.1 
4,908.1 
 _______________  
Note: 
(1) Deposits and current accounts maturing after more than one year.

--- Page 209 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 207 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION RELATING TO ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
The following tables set out in summary form the balance sheet and income statement information relating 
to the Issuer. Such information is derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
as at and for the years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020. The Issuer's financial statements 
included in this Base Prospectus have been presented in accordance with International Financial Reporting 
Standards. Such financial statements, together with the reports of the Issuer's auditors KPMG LLP, 
independent auditors in respect of those financial years and the accompanying notes, are incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus. The financial information presented below should be read in 
conjunction with such financial statements, reports and the notes thereto. 
The consolidated financial statements should not be viewed as a likely indicator of future financial 
performance. See "Risk Factors". 
Summary Consolidated Income Statement  
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Net interest income..........................................................................................................................
91.8
112.9
Interest income ..................................................................................................................................
296.8
180.6
Interest expense .................................................................................................................................
(205.0)
(67.7)
Non-interest revenue .......................................................................................................................
45.6
376.2
Net fees and commission .................................................................................................................
28.1
43.7
Fees and commission income ............................................................................................................
44.7
63.4
Fees and commission expenses..........................................................................................................
(16.6)
(19.7)
Net trading revenue ...........................................................................................................................
213.0
285.1
Net gain on non-trading financial assets and liabilities at fair value through profit or loss ...............
3.2
24.0
Loss on commodity inventory intermediation ...................................................................................
(198.7)
(13.7)
Recoveries on commodity reverse repurchase agreements ................................................................  
- 
37.1 
Total operating income....................................................................................................................
137.4
489.1
Credit impairment charges .................................................................................................................  
(0.4) 
(4.7) 
Income after impairments...............................................................................................................
137.0
484.4
Operating expenses..........................................................................................................................
(374.4)
(351.5)
Staff costs..........................................................................................................................................
(216.4)
(211.8)
Other operating expenses...................................................................................................................
(123.9)
(117.0)
Restructuring costs and other impairments........................................................................................
(29.6)
(18.8)
Indirect taxation .................................................................................................................................  
(4.5) 
(3.9) 
Profit / (Loss) before taxation.........................................................................................................
(237.4)
132.9
Income tax charge ..............................................................................................................................  
(10.8) 
(17.4) 
Profit / (Loss) attributable to equity shareholders ........................................................................  
(248.2) 
115.5 
 
Summary Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions)  
Assets
Cash and balances with central banks ....................................................................................................
2,844.3
3,117.0
Due from banks and other financial institutions.....................................................................................
1,768.3
2,777.7
Financial assets held for trading.............................................................................................................
1,920.0
2,187.6
Non-trading financial assets at fair value through profit or loss .............................................................
1,305.3
1,971.5
Derivative financial assets......................................................................................................................
3,981.9
6,084.5
Reverse repurchase agreements..............................................................................................................
3,210.3
4,021.1
Loans and advances to customers...........................................................................................................
798.4
581.2
Financial investments.............................................................................................................................
1,865.5
1,569.5
Property and equipment .........................................................................................................................
72.2
57.9
Deferred tax assets .................................................................................................................................
0.4
0.7
Current tax assets ...................................................................................................................................
0.5
-
Other assets ............................................................................................................................................ 
6,658.4 
5,367.6 
Total assets ............................................................................................................................................ 
24,425.5 
27,736.3 
Liabilities and equity
Liabilities ..............................................................................................................................................
23,252.0
26,434.8

--- Page 210 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 208 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions)  
Financial liabilities held for trading........................................................................................................
1,310.3
1,615.8
Non-trading financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss........................................................
1,227.6
2,068.2
Derivative financial liabilities ................................................................................................................
4,563.8
6,558.5
Due to banks and other financial institutions..........................................................................................
8,639.7
9,065.3
Repurchase agreements..........................................................................................................................
1,560.8
2,417.1
Due to customers....................................................................................................................................
424.6
2,273.8
Current tax liabilities..............................................................................................................................
3.1
3.6
Subordinated debt...................................................................................................................................
251.2
250.8
Other liabilities.......................................................................................................................................
5,270.9
2,181.7
Equity
Equity attributable to ordinary shareholders...........................................................................................
1,173.5
1,301.5
Share capital .......................................................................................................................................
1,083.5
1,083.5
Ordinary share premium.....................................................................................................................
996.0
996.0
Other equity instruments.....................................................................................................................
160.0
160.0
Reserves.............................................................................................................................................. 
(1,066.0)
(938.0)
Total liabilities and equity ................................................................................................................... 
24,425.5 
27,736.3
 
Other Financial Data 
 
For the years ended 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
Operating ratios
Return on average assets ........................................................................................................................
(1)%
0.4%
Return on equity.....................................................................................................................................
(21.2)%
9.4%
Capital Ratios
Tier 1 capital ratio..................................................................................................................................
15.9%
15.2%
Total capital adequacy ratio....................................................................................................................
19.5%
18.3%
Asset quality ratios
Credit impairment provisions (U.S.$ millions).......................................................................................
(4.5)
(9.0)

--- Page 211 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 209 -
70-41019079 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
The following table sets out the Issuer's deposits and current accounts from related parties as at 
31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Due to banks and other financial institutions........................................................................................
4,493.3
4,274.0
Repurchase agreements ........................................................................................................................ 
- 
- 
Total .................................................................................................................................................... 
4,493.3 
4,274.0 
 
The Issuer also advances funds to other related party entities, as part of normal activity. The following table 
sets out the Issuer's amounts due from related parties as at 31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Due from banks and other financial institutions...................................................................................
182.1
114.9
Reverse repurchase agreements ............................................................................................................ 
188.1 
131.8 
Total .................................................................................................................................................... 
370.2 
246.7 
 
The Issuer also has other asset and liability balances with other related parties. 
The following table sets out the Issuer's derivative assets and liabilities with related parties as at 
31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Net fair value.......................................................................................................................................
(116.1)
(52.6)
Fair value of assets..............................................................................................................................
395.9
915.7
Fair value of liabilities.........................................................................................................................
(512.0)
(968.3)
 
The following table sets out the Issuer's financial assets held for trading as at 31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Financial assets held for trading..........................................................................................................
0.2
-
 
The following table sets out the Issuer's other assets (comprising unsettled dealing balances and other 
receivables) owed to the Issuer by related parties as at 31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Other assets.........................................................................................................................................
25.1
18.0
 
The following table sets out the Issuer's financial liabilities held for trading (comprising government and 
utility bonds, corporate bonds, equities and other unlisted instruments) and non-tarding financial liabilities 
at fair value through profit or loss with related parties as at 31 December:

--- Page 212 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 210 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Financial liabilities held for trading.....................................................................................................
-
-
Non-trading financial liabilities at fair value through profit or loss.....................................................
1,227.6
2,068.2
 
The following table sets out the Issuer's other liabilities (comprising unsettled dealing balances and other 
liabilities) owed by the Issuer to related parties as at 31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Other liabilities....................................................................................................................................
2,641.5
553.2
 
The following table sets out the Issuer's subordinated debt held by related parties as at 31 December: 
 
As at 31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Subordinated debt................................................................................................................................
251.2
250.8
 
The following table sets out income statement amounts arising from transactions with related parties for 
the years ended 31 December: 
 
Year ended 
31 December 
 
2019 
2020 
 
(U.S.$ millions) 
Interest income....................................................................................................................................
5.5
10.8
Interest expense...................................................................................................................................
(111.1)
(44.2)
Non-interest revenue ...........................................................................................................................
2.3
9.9

--- Page 213 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 211 -
70-41019079 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following are summaries based on the laws and practices currently in force in the United Kingdom 
and the United States of America (respectively) regarding certain aspects of the taxation treatment at the 
date hereof in relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and are based on the 
current law and practice in each of those countries (respectively). The comments relate only to the position 
of persons who are absolute beneficial owners of the Notes and may not apply to certain classes of 
taxpayers holding Notes. The summaries do not constitute taxation or legal advice and the comments below 
are of a general nature only. Noteholders or Couponholders, particularly those who may be liable to 
taxation in jurisdictions other than the United Kingdom or the United States of America in respect of their 
acquisition, holding or disposal of the Notes are advised to consult their professional advisers as to whether 
they are so liable (and if so under the laws of which jurisdictions), since the following comments relate only 
to certain United Kingdom and United States taxation aspects of payments in respect of the Notes. In 
particular, Noteholders or Couponholders should be aware that they may be liable to taxation under the 
laws of other jurisdictions in relation to acquisition or holding of, or payments made in respect of, the 
Notes. Noteholders or Couponholders who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their 
professional advisers. 
United Kingdom taxation 
The following is a summary of the United Kingdom withholding taxation treatment at the date hereof in 
relation to payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes. The comments do not deal with any 
other United Kingdom tax aspects of acquiring, holding or disposing of Notes. Prospective Noteholders 
should be aware that the particular terms of issue of any series of Notes as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms may affect the tax treatment of that and other series of Notes. The following is a general guide and 
should be treated with appropriate caution. 
UK withholding tax on UK source interest 
Interest on Notes may be paid by the Issuer without withholding or deduction for or on account of United 
Kingdom income tax for so long as they constitute "quoted Eurobonds". Notes which carry a right to interest 
and are and continue to be listed on a recognised stock exchange within the meaning of section 1005 Income 
Tax Act 2007 (the "Act") should constitute "quoted Eurobonds", as should notes that are and continue to 
be listed on a "multilateral trading facility" (within the meaning of section 987 of the Act). HM Revenue 
and Customs ("HMRC") may designate certain exchanges as recognised stock exchanges. Euronext Dublin 
is a recognised stock exchange for these purposes. The Issuer's understanding of current HMRC practice is 
that Notes will be treated as listed on a recognised stock exchange provided they are admitted to trading on 
the main market of that exchange and are officially listed in Ireland in accordance with provisions 
corresponding to those generally applicable in EEA States. While Notes are and continue to be quoted 
Eurobonds, payments of interest on such Notes may be made without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of United Kingdom income tax. 
In addition to the exemption set out in the preceding paragraph, interest on Notes may be paid without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of United Kingdom income tax if the Issuer is a "bank" for the 
purposes of section 991 of the Act and so long as such payments are made by it in the ordinary course of 
its business 
In all cases falling outside the exemptions described above, interest on Notes may fall to be paid under 
deduction of United Kingdom income tax at the basic rate (currently 20 per cent.) subject to such relief as 
may be available following a direction from HMRC pursuant to the provisions of any applicable double 
taxation treaty or to any other exemption which may apply. However, this withholding will not apply where 
the relevant interest is paid on Notes with a maturity of less than one year from the date of issue and which 
are not issued under arrangements the effect of which is to render such Notes as part of a borrowing with a 
total term of a year or more. 
Other rules relating to United Kingdom withholding tax 
Any payments made by the Issuer under the Deed of Covenant may not qualify for the exemptions from 
UK withholding tax described above.

--- Page 214 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 212 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Notes may be issued at an issue price of less than 100 per cent. of their principal amount. Any discount 
element on such Notes should not generally be subject to any United Kingdom withholding tax. 
Where Notes are to be, or may fall to be, redeemed at a premium, as opposed to being issued at a discount, 
then any such element of premium may constitute a payment of interest for UK tax purposes. Payments of 
interest are subject to United Kingdom withholding tax as outlined above. 
Where interest has been paid under deduction of United Kingdom income tax, Noteholders who are not 
resident in the United Kingdom may be able to apply to recover all or part of the tax deducted if there is an 
appropriate provision in any applicable double taxation treaty. 
The references to "interest" in this United Kingdom taxation section mean "interest" as understood in 
United Kingdom tax law. The statements do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" 
or "principal" which may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions 
of the Notes or any related documentation. 
The above description of the United Kingdom withholding tax position assumes that there will be no 
substitution of an Issuer and does not consider the tax consequences of any such substitution. 
United States Taxation 
TAXATION OF U.S. HOLDERS 
The following is a description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder (as defined below). 
This discussion does not discuss all aspects of United States federal income taxation that may be relevant 
to U.S. Holders subject to special tax rules, such as financial institutions; regulated investment companies; 
real estate investment trusts; insurance companies; dealers or traders in securities; persons holding Notes 
in connection with a hedging transaction, "straddle", integrated or conversion transaction; grantor trusts; 
persons that own or are deemed to own 10.0% or more of the shares of the Issuer by vote or value; persons 
whose "functional currency" is not the U.S. dollar; persons who own an interest in a partnership or other 
pass-through entity; former citizens or long-term residents of the United States or tax-exempt organizations; 
and investors required for U.S. federal income tax purposes to accelerate the recognition of any item of 
gross income with respect to the Notes as a result of such income being recognized on an applicable 
financial statement. 
Except as otherwise provided, this summary (other than the section below entitled "Taxation of Non-US 
Holders") deals only with initial purchasers of Notes at the issue price that are U.S. Holders that will hold 
the Notes as capital assets. 
Moreover, this description does not address the U.S. federal estate and gift tax, the Medicare tax on net 
investment income, or the alternative minimum tax consequences of the acquisition, ownership, retirement 
or other taxable disposition of Notes or any U.S. federal tax consequences other than income tax (such as 
estate and gift tax consequences). Each prospective purchaser should consult its tax adviser with respect to 
the U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. tax consequences of acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes. 
This description is based on the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended (the "Code"), existing and 
proposed U.S. Treasury Regulations, administrative pronouncements and judicial decisions, each as 
available and in effect on the date hereof. All of the foregoing is subject to change, possibly with retroactive 
effect, or differing interpretations which could affect the tax consequences described herein. No ruling will 
be sought from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS") with respect to any statement or conclusion 
in this discussion, and there can be no assurance that the IRS will not challenge such statement or conclusion 
in the following discussion or, if challenged, a court will uphold such statement or conclusion. 
For purposes of this description, a U.S. Holder is a beneficial owner of Notes who, for U.S. federal income 
tax purposes, is: 
 
an individual who is a citizen or resident of the United States;

--- Page 215 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 213 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
a corporation (or any other entity that is treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes) organised in or under the laws of the United States, any State thereof or the District of 
Columbia; 
 
an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; 
or 
 
a trust (a) the administration over which a U.S. court can exercise primary supervision and (b) all 
of the substantial decisions of which one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control. 
If an entity or arrangement treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes holds Notes, the 
tax treatment of the entity and a partner in such entity or arrangement generally will depend on the status 
of the partner and the activities of the partnership. Such partnership should consult its own tax adviser as 
to the U.S. federal income tax consequences of holding Notes. 
The following is a general description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences that may be relevant 
to the Notes and each U.S. Holder should consult its own tax advisor with respect to its investment in the 
Notes. 
US Tax Characterisation of the Notes 
The characterisation of a Series or Tranche of Notes may be uncertain and will depend on the terms of those 
Notes. The determination of whether an obligation represents debt, equity, or some other instrument or 
interest for U.S. federal income tax purposes, is based on all the relevant facts and circumstances. There is 
likely to be no statutory, judicial or administrative authority directly addressing the characterisation of some 
of the types of Notes that are anticipated to be issued under the Programme or of instruments similar to 
such Notes. 
Depending on the particular terms of a Series or Tranche of Notes, the Notes may not be characterised as 
debt for U.S. federal income tax purposes despite the form of the Notes as debt instruments. For example, 
a Series or Tranche of Notes may be more properly characterised as equity in the Issuer, or some other form 
of financial instrument. 
The following discussion only applies to Notes that are properly characterised as debt for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes. 
Interest 
Subject to the discussion of original issue discount and contingent payment debt obligations below, interest, 
whether payable in U.S. dollars, or a currency, composite currency or basket of currencies other than U.S. 
dollars (a "foreign currency"), on a Note will be taxable to a U.S. Holder as ordinary income at the time it 
is received or accrued, depending on the holder's method of accounting for tax purposes. Interest paid by 
the Issuer on the Notes and original issue discount and interest, if any, accrued with respect to the Notes 
(as described below under "Original Issue Discount") generally will constitute income from sources outside 
the United States. Prospective purchasers should consult their tax advisers concerning the applicability of 
the foreign tax credit and source of income rules to income attributable to the Notes. 
Original Issue Discount 
General 
The following is a summary of the principal U.S. federal income tax consequences of the ownership of 
Notes issued with original issue discount ("OID"). The following summary does not discuss Notes that are 
characterized as contingent payment debt instruments for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
A Note, other than a Note with a term of one year or less (a "Short-Term Note"), will be treated as issued 
with OID (a "Discount Note") if the excess of the Note's "stated redemption price at maturity" over its 
issue price is equal to or more than a de minimis amount (generally, 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated 
redemption price at maturity multiplied by the number of complete years to its maturity). An obligation that 
provides for the payment of amounts other than qualified stated interest before maturity (an "instalment 
obligation") will be treated as a Discount Note if the excess of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity 
over its issue price is greater than 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at maturity multiplied

--- Page 216 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 214 -
70-41019079 
 
 
by the weighted average maturity of the Note. A Note's weighted average maturity is the sum of the 
following amounts determined for each payment on a Note (other than a payment of qualified stated 
interest): (i) the number of complete years from the issue date until the payment is made multiplied by (ii) 
a fraction, the numerator of which is the amount of the payment and the denominator of which is the Note's 
stated redemption price at maturity. Generally, the issue price of a Note will be the first price at which a 
substantial amount of Notes included in the issue of which the Note is a part is sold to persons other than 
bond houses, brokers, or similar persons or organisations acting in the capacity of underwriters, placement 
agents, or wholesalers. The stated redemption price at maturity of a Note is the total of all payments 
provided by the Note that are not payments of "qualified stated interest". A qualified stated interest payment 
is generally any one of a series of stated interest payments on a Note that are unconditionally payable at 
least annually at a single fixed rate (with certain exceptions for lower rates paid during some periods), or a 
variable rate (in the circumstances described below under "Variable Interest Rate Notes"), applied to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Note. Solely for the purposes of determining whether a Note has OID, 
the Issuer will be deemed to exercise any call option that has the effect of decreasing the yield on the Note, 
and the U.S. Holder will be deemed to exercise any put option that has the effect of increasing the yield on 
the Note. 
U.S. Holders of Discount Notes must include OID in income calculated on a constant-yield method before 
the receipt of cash attributable to the income, and generally will have to include in income increasingly 
greater amounts of OID over the life of the Discount Notes. The amount of OID includible in income by a 
U.S. Holder of a Discount Note is the sum of the daily portions of OID with respect to the Discount Note 
for each day during the taxable year or portion of the taxable year on which the U.S. Holder holds the 
Discount Note ("accrued OID"). The daily portion is determined by allocating to each day in any "accrual 
period" a pro rata portion of the OID allocable to that accrual period. Accrual periods with respect to a 
Note may be of any length selected by the U.S. Holder and may vary in length over the term of the Note as 
long as (i) no accrual period is longer than one year and (ii) each scheduled payment of interest or principal 
on the Note occurs on either the final or first day of an accrual period. The amount of OID allocable to an 
accrual period equals the excess of (a) the product of the Discount Note's adjusted issue price at the 
beginning of the accrual period and the Discount Note's yield to maturity (determined on a compounding 
basis at the close of each accrual period and properly adjusted for the length of the accrual period) over (b) 
the sum of the payments of qualified stated interest on the Note allocable to the accrual period. The 
"adjusted issue price" of a Discount Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue price of the 
Note increased by (x) the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period and decreased by (y) the 
amount of any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Depending on the terms of a particular Series or Tranche, interest on a Note may not be unconditionally 
payable due, for example, to the occurrence of certain events. In such cases, the Issuer may determine that 
the likelihood of the occurrence of such an event is remote, and therefore interest should nonetheless be 
treated as unconditionally payable for purposes of the OID rules. However, there is no controlling authority 
applicable to the accrual of OID for debt instruments with terms such as those anticipated for certain Notes, 
and therefore there can be no assurance that the IRS would not successfully challenge such a determination 
by the Issuer. Depending on the terms of a particular Series or Tranche, if the likelihood of the occurrence 
of such an event is not remote, the Notes would likely be considered contingent payment debt instruments, 
as discussed further below. 
Acquisition Premium 
A U.S. Holder that purchases a Discount Note for an amount less than or equal to the sum of all amounts 
payable on the Note after the purchase date, other than payments of qualified stated interest, but in excess 
of its adjusted issue price (any such excess being "acquisition premium") and that does not make the 
election described below under "Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount", is permitted to 
reduce the daily portions of OID by a fraction, the numerator of which is the excess of the U.S. Holder's 
adjusted basis in the Note immediately after its purchase over the Note's adjusted issue price, and the 
denominator of which is the excess of the sum of all amounts payable on the Note after the purchase date, 
other than payments of qualified stated interest, over the Note's adjusted issue price. 
Market Discount 
A Note, other than a Short-Term Note or a Note acquired at Original Issue, generally will be treated as 
purchased at a market discount (a "Market Discount Note") if the Note's stated redemption price at 
maturity or, in the case of a Discount Note, the Note's "revised issue price", exceeds the amount for which

--- Page 217 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 215 -
70-41019079 
 
 
the U.S. Holder purchased the Note by at least 0.25 per cent. of the Note's stated redemption price at 
maturity or revised issue price, respectively, multiplied by the number of complete years to the Note's 
maturity (or, in the case of a Note that is an instalment obligation, the Note's weighted average maturity). 
If this excess is not sufficient to cause the Note to be a Market Discount Note, then the excess constitutes 
"de minimis market discount". For this purpose, the "revised issue price" of a Note generally equals its issue 
price, increased by the amount of any OID that has accrued on the Note and decreased by the amount of 
any payments previously made on the Note that were not qualified stated interest payments. 
Any gain recognised on the maturity or disposition of a Market Discount Note (including any payment on 
a Note that is not qualified stated interest) will be treated as ordinary income to the extent that the gain does 
not exceed the accrued market discount on the Note. Alternatively, a U.S. Holder of a Market Discount 
Note may elect to include market discount in income currently over the life of the Note. This election shall 
apply to all debt instruments with market discount acquired by the electing U.S. Holder on or after the first 
day of the first taxable year to which the election applies. This election may not be revoked without the 
consent of the Internal Revenue Service (the "IRS"). A U.S. Holder of a Market Discount Note that does 
not elect to include market discount in income currently will generally be required to defer deductions for 
interest on borrowings incurred to purchase or carry a Market Discount Note that is in excess of the interest 
and OID on the Note includible in the U.S. Holder's income, to the extent that this excess interest expense 
does not exceed the portion of the market discount allocable to the days on which the Market Discount Note 
was held by the U.S. Holder. 
Market discount will accrue on a straight-line basis unless the U.S. Holder elects to accrue the market 
discount on a constant-yield method. This election applies only to the Market Discount Note with respect 
to which it is made and is irrevocable. 
Election to Treat All Interest as Original Issue Discount 
A U.S. Holder may elect to include in gross income all interest that accrues on a Note using the constant-
yield method described above under "Original Issue Discount — General," with certain modifications. For 
purposes of this election, interest includes stated interest, OID, de minimis OID, market discount, de 
minimis market discount and unstated interest, as adjusted by any amortisable bond premium (described 
below under "Notes Purchased at a Premium") or acquisition premium. This election will generally apply 
only to the Note with respect to which it is made and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
If the election to apply the constant-yield method to all interest on a Note is made with respect to a Market 
Discount Note, the electing U.S. Holder will be treated as having made the election discussed above under 
"Market Discount" to include market discount in income currently over the life of all debt instruments with 
market discount held or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder. U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers concerning the propriety and consequences of this election. 
Variable Interest Rate Notes 
Notes that provide for interest at variable rates ("Variable Interest Rate Notes") generally will bear interest 
at a "qualified floating rate" and thus will be treated as "variable rate debt instruments" under Treasury 
regulations governing accrual of OID. A Variable Interest Rate Note will qualify as a "variable rate debt 
instrument" if (a) its issue price does not exceed the total noncontingent principal payments due under the 
Variable Interest Rate Note by more than a specified de minimis amount, (b) it provides for stated interest, 
paid or compounded at least annually, at (i) one or more qualified floating rates, (ii) a single fixed rate and 
one or more qualified floating rates, (iii) a single objective rate, or (iv) a single fixed rate and a single 
objective rate that is a qualified inverse floating rate, (c) it does not provide for any principal payments that 
are contingent (other than as described in (a) above) and (d) generally certain other conditions are met. 
A "qualified floating rate" is any variable rate where variations in the value of the rate can reasonably be 
expected to measure contemporaneous variations in the cost of newly borrowed funds in the currency in 
which the Variable Interest Rate Note is denominated. A fixed multiple of a qualified floating rate will 
constitute a qualified floating rate only if the multiple is greater than 0.65 but not more than 1.35. A variable 
rate equal to the product of a qualified floating rate and a fixed multiple that is greater than 0.65 but not 
more than 1.35, increased or decreased by a fixed rate, will also constitute a qualified floating rate. In 
addition, two or more qualified floating rates that can reasonably be expected to have approximately the 
same values throughout the term of the Variable Interest Rate Note (e.g., two or more qualified floating 
rates with values within 25 basis points of each other as determined on the Variable Interest Rate Note's 
issue date) will be treated as a single qualified floating rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a variable rate

--- Page 218 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 216 -
70-41019079 
 
 
that would otherwise constitute a qualified floating rate but which is subject to one or more restrictions such 
as a maximum numerical limitation (i.e. a cap) or a minimum numerical limitation (i.e. a floor) may, under 
certain circumstances, fail to be treated as a qualified floating rate unless the cap or floor is fixed throughout 
the term of the Note. 
An "objective rate" is a rate that is not itself a qualified floating rate but which is determined using a single 
fixed formula and which is based on objective financial or economic information (e.g. one or more qualified 
floating rates or the yield of actively traded personal property). A rate will not qualify as an objective rate 
if it is based on information that is within the control of the Issuer (or a related party) or that is unique to 
the circumstances of the Issuer (or a related party), such as dividends, profits or the value of the Issuer's 
stock (although a rate does not fail to be an objective rate merely because it is based on the credit quality 
of the Issuer). Other variable interest rates may be treated as objective rates if so designated by the IRS in 
the future. Despite the foregoing, a variable rate of interest on a Variable Interest Rate Note will not 
constitute an objective rate if it is reasonably expected that the average value of the rate during the first half 
of the Variable Interest Rate Note's term will be either significantly less than or significantly greater than 
the average value of the rate during the final half of the Variable Interest Rate Note's term. A "qualified 
inverse floating rate" is any objective rate where the rate is equal to a fixed rate minus a qualified floating 
rate, as long as variations in the rate can reasonably be expected to inversely reflect contemporaneous 
variations in the qualified floating rate. If a Variable Interest Rate Note provides for stated interest at a fixed 
rate for an initial period of one year or less followed by a variable rate that is either a qualified floating rate 
or an objective rate for a subsequent period and if the variable rate on the Variable Interest Rate Note's 
issue date is intended to approximate the fixed rate (e.g. the value of the variable rate on the issue date does 
not differ from the value of the fixed rate by more than 25 basis points), then the fixed rate and the variable 
rate together will constitute either a single qualified floating rate or objective rate, as the case may be. 
A qualified floating rate or objective rate in effect at any time during the term of the instrument must be set 
at a "current value" of that rate. A "current value" of a rate is the value of the rate on any day that is no 
earlier than three months prior to the first day on which that value is in effect and no later than one year 
following that first day. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument", then any 
stated interest on the Note which is unconditionally payable in cash or property (other than debt instruments 
of the Issuer) at least annually will constitute qualified stated interest and will be taxed accordingly. Thus, 
a Variable Interest Rate Note that provides for stated interest at either a single qualified floating rate or a 
single objective rate throughout the term thereof and that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will 
generally not be treated as having been issued with OID unless the Variable Interest Rate Note is issued at 
a "true" discount (i.e. at a price below the Note's stated principal amount) in excess of a specified de minimis 
amount. OID on a Variable Interest Rate Note arising from "true" discount is allocated to an accrual period 
using the constant yield method described above by assuming that the variable rate is a fixed rate equal to 
(i) in the case of a qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, the value, as of the issue date, of 
the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, or (ii) in the case of an objective rate (other than 
a qualified inverse floating rate), a fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the 
Variable Interest Rate Note. 
In general, any other Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" will be 
converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument for purposes of determining the amount and 
accrual of OID and qualified stated interest on the Variable Interest Rate Note. Such a Variable Interest 
Rate Note must be converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by substituting any qualified 
floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate 
Note with a fixed rate equal to the value of the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate, as 
the case may be, as of the Variable Interest Rate Note's issue date. Any objective rate (other than a qualified 
inverse floating rate) provided for under the terms of the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into a 
fixed rate that reflects the yield that is reasonably expected for the Variable Interest Rate Note. In the case 
of a Variable Interest Rate Note that qualifies as a "variable rate debt instrument" and provides for stated 
interest at a fixed rate in addition to either one or more qualified floating rates or a qualified inverse floating 
rate, the fixed rate is initially converted into a qualified floating rate (or a qualified inverse floating rate, if 
the Variable Interest Rate Note provides for a qualified inverse floating rate). Under these circumstances, 
the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate that replaces the fixed rate must be such that the 
fair market value of the Variable Interest Rate Note as of the Variable Interest Rate Note's issue date is 
approximately the same as the fair market value of an otherwise identical debt instrument that provides for

--- Page 219 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 217 -
70-41019079 
 
 
either the qualified floating rate or qualified inverse floating rate rather than the fixed rate. Subsequent to 
converting the fixed rate into either a qualified floating rate or a qualified inverse floating rate, the Variable 
Interest Rate Note is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the manner described 
above. 
Once the Variable Interest Rate Note is converted into an "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument pursuant 
to the foregoing rules, the amount of OID and qualified stated interest, if any, are determined for the 
"equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument by applying the general OID rules to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt 
instrument and a U.S. Holder of the Variable Interest Rate Note will account for the OID and qualified 
stated interest as if the U.S. Holder held the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument. In each accrual period, 
appropriate adjustments will be made to the amount of qualified stated interest or OID assumed to have 
been accrued or paid with respect to the "equivalent" fixed rate debt instrument in the event that these 
amounts differ from the actual amount of interest accrued or paid on the Variable Interest Rate Note during 
the accrual period. 
If a Variable Interest Rate Note, such as a Note the payments on which are determined by reference to a 
variable rate, does not qualify as a "variable rate debt instrument", then the Variable Interest Rate Note will 
be treated as a contingent payment debt obligation. 
Short-Term Notes 
In general, an individual or other cash basis U.S. Holder of a Short-Term Note is not required to accrue 
OID (as specially defined below for the purposes of this paragraph) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
unless it elects to do so (but may be required to include any stated interest in income as the interest is 
received). Accrual basis U.S. Holders and certain other U.S. Holders are required to accrue OID on Short-
Term Notes on a straight-line basis or, if the U.S. Holder so elects, under the constant-yield method (based 
on daily compounding). In the case of a U.S. Holder not required and not electing to include OID in income 
currently, any gain realised on the sale or retirement of the Short-Term Note will be ordinary income to the 
extent of the OID accrued on a straight-line basis (unless an election is made to accrue the OID under the 
constant-yield method) through the date of sale or retirement. U.S. Holders who are not required and do not 
elect to accrue OID on Short-Term Notes will be required to defer deductions for interest on borrowings 
allocable to Short-Term Notes in an amount not exceeding the deferred income until the deferred income 
is realised. 
For purposes of determining the amount of OID subject to these rules, all interest payments on a Short-
Term Note are included in the Short-Term Note's stated redemption price at maturity. A U.S. Holder may 
elect to determine OID on a Short-Term Note as if the Short-Term Note had been originally issued to the 
U.S. Holder at the U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Short-Term Note. This election shall apply to all 
obligations with a maturity of one year or less acquired by the U.S. Holder on or after the first day of the 
first taxable year to which the election applies, and may not be revoked without the consent of the IRS. 
Contingent Payment Debt Instruments 
Certain Series or Tranches of Notes may be treated as contingent payment debt instruments ("Contingent 
Notes") for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations, interest on the 
Notes must be accrued on a constant-yield basis based on a yield to maturity that reflects the rate at which 
the Issuer would issue a comparable fixed-rate non-exchangeable instrument (the "comparable yield"), in 
accordance with a projected payment schedule. This projected payment schedule must include each non-
contingent payment on the Note and an estimated amount for each contingent payment, and must produce 
the comparable yield. Interest inclusions will be adjusted upward and downward to reflect the difference, 
if any, between the actual payments received and the projected amount of such payments on the Contingent 
Notes under the projected payment schedule. Special rules apply to the sale or other disposition of a 
Contingent Note. See "Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes". The relevant Final Terms will indicate the 
Issuer's intention to treat a particular Series or Tranche of Notes as Contingent Notes. 
The Issuer is required to provide to holders, solely for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a schedule of the 
projected amounts of payments on Contingent Notes. This schedule must produce the comparable yield. 
The applicable Final Terms will provide an address to which a U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note can submit 
a written request for such information.

--- Page 220 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 218 -
70-41019079 
 
 
THE COMPARABLE YIELD AND PROJECTED PAYMENT SCHEDULE WILL NOT BE 
DETERMINED FOR ANY PURPOSE OTHER THAN FOR THE DETERMINATION OF INTEREST 
ACCRUALS AND ADJUSTMENTS THEREOF IN RESPECT OF CONTINGENT NOTES FOR 
UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES AND WILL NOT CONSTITUTE A 
PROJECTION OR REPRESENTATION REGARDING THE ACTUAL AMOUNTS PAYABLE TO 
THE HOLDERS OF THE NOTES. 
The use of the comparable yield and the calculation of the projected payment schedule will be based upon 
a number of assumptions and estimates and will not be a prediction, representation or guarantee of the 
actual amounts of interest that may be paid to a U.S. Holder or the actual yield of the Contingent Notes. A 
U.S. Holder will generally be bound by the comparable yield and the projected payment schedule 
determined by the Issuer unless the U.S. Holder determines its own comparable yield and projected 
payment schedule and explicitly discloses such schedule to the IRS, and explains to the IRS the reason for 
preparing its own schedule. The Issuer's determination, however, is not binding on the IRS, and it is possible 
that the IRS could conclude that some other comparable yield or projected payment schedule should be 
used instead. 
A U.S. Holder of a Contingent Note will generally be required to include OID in income pursuant to the 
rules discussed in the third paragraph under "Original Issue Discount – General," above. For these 
purposes, the "adjusted issue price" of a Contingent Note at the beginning of any accrual period is the issue 
price of the Note increased by the amount of accrued OID for each prior accrual period, and decreased by 
the projected amount of any payments made on the Note. No additional income will be recognised upon 
the receipt of payments of stated interest in amounts equal to the annual payments included in the projected 
payment schedule described above. Any differences between actual payments received by the U.S. Holder 
on the Contingent Notes in a taxable year and the projected amount of those payments will be accounted 
for as additional interest (in the case of a positive adjustment) or as an offset to accrued OID in respect of 
the Note (in the case of a negative adjustment), for the taxable year in which the actual payment is made. 
If the negative adjustment for any taxable year exceeds the amount of OID on the Contingent Note for that 
year, the excess will be treated as an ordinary loss, but only to the extent the U.S. Holder's total OID 
inclusions on the Note exceed the total amount of any ordinary loss in respect of the Note claimed by the 
U.S. Holder under this rule in prior taxable years. Any negative adjustment that is not allowed as an ordinary 
loss for the taxable year is carried forward to the next taxable year, and is taken into account in determining 
whether the U.S. Holder has a net positive or negative adjustment for that year. However, any negative 
adjustment that is carried forward to a taxable year in which the Contingent Note is sold, exchanged or 
retired, to the extent not applied to OID accrued for such year, reduces the U.S. Holder's amount realised 
on the sale, exchange or retirement. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Note for an amount that differs from the Note's adjusted issue price 
at the time of the purchase, such U.S. Holder must determine the extent to which the difference between 
the price it paid for the Note and the adjusted issue price of the Note is attributable to a change in 
expectations as to the projected payment schedule, a change in interest rates, or both, and reasonably 
allocate the difference accordingly. A safe-harbour may apply to permit the allocation of this difference 
pro-rata to OID accruals if the Contingent Note is exchange listed property, as defined in applicable U.S. 
Treasury Regulations. 
If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Note for an amount that is less than the adjusted issue price of the 
Note, the amount of the difference allocated to a daily portion of OID or to a projected payment is treated 
as a positive adjustment to such Holder's income inclusion on the date the OID accrues or the payment is 
made. If a U.S. Holder purchases a Contingent Note for an amount that is more than the adjusted issue price 
of the Note, the amount of the difference allocated to a daily portion of OID or to a projected payment is 
treated as a negative adjustment to such U.S. Holder's income inclusion on the date the OID accrues or the 
payment is made. 
Because any Form 1099-OID that a U.S. Holder receives will not reflect the effects of positive or negative 
adjustments resulting from its purchase of a Contingent Note at a price other than the adjusted issue price 
determined for tax purposes, U.S. Holders are urged to consult with their tax advisors as to whether and 
how adjustments should be made to the amounts reported on any Form 1099-OID.

--- Page 221 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 219 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Reference Rate Adjustments 
If a benchmark rate is administered differently or discontinued (as described in the risk factor entitled "Risks 
relating to the structure of a particular issue of Notes") or similar adjustments to the manner in which 
interest is calculated under the Notes are made, (such change, a "Reference Rate Adjustment"), this may 
be treated as a deemed exchange of old notes for new notes, which may be taxable to U.S. Holders, and 
may affect the calculation of OID. U.S. Holders should consult with their tax advisers regarding the 
potential consequences of a Reference Rate Adjustment. 
Proposed Treasury regulations describe circumstances under which a Reference Rate Adjustment would 
not be treated as a deemed exchange and would not affect the calculation of OID, provided certain 
conditions are met. Moreover, the IRS has issued guidance that sets forth certain safe harbours pursuant to 
which replacing a rate based on LIBOR with an alternative method or index would not result in a deemed 
exchange. However, there can be no assurance that these regulations, in either their current form or as 
finalised, or this guidance, will provide any relief from the tax consequences described above if a Reference 
Rate Adjustment is effected. Prospective US Holders should consult their own tax advisers regarding the 
application of these rules in their particular circumstances. 
Substitution of Issuer 
The terms of the Notes provide that, in certain circumstances, the obligations of the Issuer under the Notes 
may be assumed by another entity. Any such assumption might be treated for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes as a deemed disposition of Notes by a U.S. Holder in exchange for new Notes issued by the new 
obligor. As a result of this deemed disposition, a U.S. Holder could be required to recognise capital gain or 
loss for U.S. federal income tax purposes equal to the difference, if any, between the issue price of the new 
Notes (as determined for U.S. federal income tax purposes), and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Notes. 
U.S. Holders should consult their tax advisers concerning the U.S. federal income tax consequences to them 
of a change in obligor with respect to the Notes. 
Purchase, Sale and Retirement of Notes 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Note will generally be its cost, increased by the amount of any OID, as well 
as interest inclusions on a Contingent Note, included in the U.S. Holder's income with respect to the Note, 
and reduced by the amount of any payments that are not qualified stated interest payments. 
A U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference 
between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and the tax basis of the Note. The amount realised 
does not include the amount attributable to accrued but unpaid interest (but does include at the scheduled 
maturity of a Contingent Note, the projected payment of such Contingent Note), which will be taxable as 
interest income to the extent not previously included in income. Except to the extent attributable to changes 
in exchange rates (as discussed below) or described below in the immediately following paragraph in 
relation to Contingent Notes, gain or loss recognised on the sale or retirement of a Note will be capital gain 
or loss and will be long-term capital gain or loss if the U.S. Holder's holding period in the Notes exceeds 
one year. Capital gain or loss realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Note generally will be 
U.S. source. 
Gain from the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note will be treated as interest income taxable at ordinary 
income (rather than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder's 
total interest inclusions to the date of sale or retirement exceed the total net negative adjustments that the 
U.S. Holder took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be capital loss. Gain or loss (other 
than loss treated as capital loss) realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Contingent Note 
will be foreign source. 
Foreign Currency Notes 
Interest 
If an interest payment is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the amount of 
income recognised by a cash basis U.S. Holder will be the U.S. dollar value of the interest payment, based 
on the exchange rate in effect on the date of receipt, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted 
into U.S. dollars.

--- Page 222 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 220 -
70-41019079 
 
 
An accrual basis U.S. Holder may determine the amount of income recognised with respect to an interest 
payment denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency in accordance with either of 
two methods. Under the first method, the amount of income accrued will be based on the average exchange 
rate in effect during the interest accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period that spans two taxable 
years of a U.S. Holder, the part of the period within the relevant taxable year). 
Under the second method, the U.S. Holder may elect to determine the amount of income accrued on the 
basis of the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the accrual period (or, in the case of an accrual period 
that spans two taxable years, the exchange rate in effect on the last day of the part of the period within the 
taxable year). Additionally, if a payment of interest is actually received within five business days of the last 
day of the accrual period, an electing accrual basis U.S. Holder may instead translate the accrued interest 
into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate in effect on the day of actual receipt. Any such election will apply to 
all debt instruments held by the U.S. Holder at the beginning of the first taxable year to which the election 
applies or thereafter acquired by the U.S. Holder, and will be irrevocable without the consent of the IRS. 
Upon receipt of an interest payment (including a payment attributable to accrued but unpaid interest upon 
the sale or retirement of a Note) denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, the U.S. 
Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal to the 
difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of receipt) 
and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into U.S. dollars. 
OID 
OID for each accrual period on a Discount Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a 
foreign currency, will be determined in the foreign currency and then translated into U.S. dollars in the 
same manner as stated interest accrued by an accrual basis U.S. Holder, as described above. Upon receipt 
of an amount attributable to OID (whether in connection with a payment on the Note or a sale of the Note), 
a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) equal 
to the difference between the amount received (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date of 
receipt) and the amount previously accrued, regardless of whether the payment is in fact converted into 
U.S. dollars. 
Market Discount 
Market Discount on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by reference to, a foreign currency, will 
be accrued in the foreign currency. If the U.S. Holder elects to include market discount in income currently, 
the accrued market discount will be translated into U.S. dollars at the average exchange rate for the accrual 
period (or portion thereof within the U.S. Holder's taxable year). Upon the receipt of an amount attributable 
to accrued market discount, the U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain or loss (which will 
be taxable as ordinary income or loss) determined in the same manner as for accrued interest or OID. A 
U.S. Holder that does not elect to include market discount in income currently will recognise, upon the 
disposition or maturity of the Note, the U.S. dollar value of the amount accrued, calculated at the spot rate 
on that date, and no part of this accrued market discount will be treated as exchange gain or loss. 
Bond Premium 
Bond premium (including acquisition premium) on a Note that is denominated in, or determined by 
reference to, a foreign currency, will be computed in units of the foreign currency, and any such bond 
premium that is taken into account currently will reduce interest income in units of the foreign currency. 
On the date bond premium offsets interest income, a U.S. Holder may recognise U.S. source exchange gain 
or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) measured by the difference between the U.S. dollar value of the 
bond premium measured at the spot rate in effect on that date, and on the date the Notes were acquired by 
the U.S. Holder. A U.S. Holder that does not elect to take bond premium (other than acquisition premium) 
into account currently will recognise a market loss when the Note matures. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes 
Special rules apply to determine the accrual of interest, and the amount, timing, source and character of any 
gain or loss on a Contingent Note that is denominated in a foreign currency (a "Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note"). The rules applicable to Foreign Currency Contingent Notes are complex, and U.S. 
Holders are urged to consult their tax advisers concerning the application of these rules.

--- Page 223 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 221 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Under these rules, a U.S. Holder of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will generally be required to accrue 
interest in the foreign currency in which the Foreign Currency Contingent Note is denominated (i) at a yield 
at which the Issuer would issue a fixed rate debt instrument denominated in the same foreign currency with 
terms and conditions similar to those of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and (ii) in accordance with 
a projected payment schedule determined by the Issuer, under rules similar to those described above under 
"Contingent Payment Debt Instrument". The amount of interest on a Foreign Currency Contingent Note 
that accrues in any accrual period will be the product of the comparable yield of the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note (adjusted to reflect the length of the accrual period) and the adjusted issue price of the 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The adjusted issue price of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will 
generally be determined under the rules described above, and will be denominated in the foreign currency 
of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. 
Interest on a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be translated into U.S. dollars under translation rules 
similar to those described above under "– Interest". Any positive adjustment (i.e. the excess of actual 
payments over projected payments) in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note for a taxable year 
will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the last day of the taxable year in which the adjustment 
is taken into account. The amount of any negative adjustment on a Foreign Currency Contingent Note (i.e. 
the excess of projected payments over actual payments) that is offset against accrued but unpaid interest 
will be translated into U.S. dollars at the same rate at which such interest was accrued. To the extent a net 
negative adjustment exceeds the amount of accrued but unpaid interest, the negative adjustment will be 
treated as offsetting interest that has accrued and been paid on the Foreign Currency Contingent Note, and 
will be translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Note was 
issued. Any net negative adjustment carry forward will be carried forward in the relevant foreign currency. 
Foreign Currency Exchange Rate Gain or Loss. A U.S. Holder will also recognise U.S. source exchange 
rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) on the receipt of foreign currency in respect of a 
Foreign Currency Contingent Note. For purposes of determining the amount of exchange rate gain or loss, 
the amount received is attributed first to any net positive adjustment that has not previously been taken into 
account, then to accrued but unpaid interest (after reduction by any net negative adjustment that reduces 
accrued OID or that gives rise to an ordinary loss, and attributed to the most recent period to the extent 
prior amounts have not already been attributed to such period), and thereafter to principal. Any interest paid 
in a taxable year in which a net negative adjustment has reduced OID accruing in that year is treated as a 
payment of principal to the extent of such reduction. Generally, no exchange rate gain or loss is recognized 
with respect to amounts received that are attributed to a net positive adjustment. The exchange rate gain or 
loss in respect of amounts attributable to accrued OID will be equal to the difference, if any, between the 
amount translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate in effect on the date of receipt and the U.S. dollar value 
of the accrued OID translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate at which the OID was accrued. The 
exchange gain or loss in respect of amounts attributable to principal will be equal to the difference, if any, 
between the amount translated into U.S. dollars on the spot rate in effect on the date of receipt and the 
amount translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate in effect on the date the Note was acquired. 
Sale or Retirement 
Notes other than Foreign Currency Contingent Notes. As discussed above under "Purchase, Sale and 
Retirement of Notes", a U.S. Holder will generally recognise gain or loss on the sale or retirement of a Note 
equal to the difference between the amount realised on the sale or retirement and its tax basis in the Note. 
A U.S. Holder's tax basis in a Note that is denominated in a foreign currency will be determined by reference 
to the U.S. dollar cost of the Note. The U.S. dollar cost of a Note purchased with foreign currency will 
generally be the U.S. dollar value of the purchase price on the date of purchase or, in the case of Notes 
traded on an established securities market, as defined in the applicable Treasury Regulations, that are 
purchased by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement 
date for the purchase. 
The amount realised on a sale or retirement for an amount in foreign currency will be the U.S. dollar value 
of this amount on the date of sale or retirement or, in the case of Notes traded on an established securities 
market, as defined in the applicable Treasury Regulations, sold by a cash basis U.S. Holder (or an accrual 
basis U.S. Holder that so elects), on the settlement date for the sale. Such an election by an accrual basis 
U.S. Holder must be applied consistently from year to year and cannot be revoked without the consent of 
the IRS.

--- Page 224 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 222 -
70-41019079 
 
 
A U.S. Holder will recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or loss) 
on the sale or retirement of a Note equal to the difference, if any, between the U.S. dollar values of the U.S. 
Holder's purchase price for the Note (or, if less, the principal amount of the Note) (i) on the date of sale or 
retirement and (ii) the date on which the U.S. Holder acquired the Note. Any such exchange rate gain or 
loss will be realised only to the extent of total gain or loss realised on the sale or retirement. 
Foreign Currency Contingent Notes. Upon a sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note, a U.S. Holder will generally recognise taxable gain or loss equal to the difference between 
the amount realised on the sale, exchange or retirement and the U.S. Holder's tax basis in the Foreign 
Currency Contingent Note, both translated into U.S. dollars as described below. A U.S. Holder's tax basis 
in a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will equal (i) the cost thereof (translated into U.S. dollars at the spot 
rate on the issue date), (ii) increased by the amount of interest previously accrued on the Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note (disregarding any positive or negative adjustments and translated into U.S. dollars using 
the exchange rate applicable to such interest) and (iii) decreased by the projected amount of all prior 
payments in respect of the Foreign Currency Contingent Note. The U.S. dollar amount of the projected 
payments described in clause (iii) of the preceding sentence is determined by (i) first allocating the 
payments to the most recently accrued interest to which prior amounts have not already been allocated and 
translating those amounts into U.S. dollars at the rate at which the interest was accrued and (ii) then 
allocating any remaining amount to principal and translating such amount into U.S. dollars at the spot rate 
on the date the Foreign Currency Contingent Note was acquired by the U.S. Holder. For this purpose, any 
accrued interest reduced by a negative adjustment carry forward will be treated as principal. The basis is 
also increased or decreased, as appropriate, to reflect positive or negative adjustments that a U.S. Holder 
must make to account for the difference between such U.S. Holder's purchase price for the Note and the 
adjusted issue price of the Note at the time of the purchase. For this purpose, any negative adjustment 
allocable to OID is translated into U.S. dollars at the rate used to translate the OID being offset, and any 
negative adjustment applicable to projected payments is translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the 
date the Foreign Currency Contingent Note was acquired. Also, for this purpose, any positive adjustment 
applicable to OID is translated into U.S. dollars at the rate used to translate the OID to which it relates (and 
is treated as an additional accrual of OID under the above rules) and any positive adjustment applicable to 
a projected payment is translated into U.S. dollars at the spot rate on the date the adjustment is taken into 
account. 
The amount realised by a U.S. Holder upon the sale, exchange or retirement of a Foreign Currency 
Contingent Note will equal the amount of cash and the fair market value (determined in foreign currency) 
of any property received. If a U.S. Holder holds a Foreign Currency Contingent Note until its scheduled 
maturity, the U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount realised will be determined by separating such amount 
realised into principal and one or more interest components, based on the principal and interest comprising 
the U.S. Holder's basis, with the amount realised allocated first to interest (and allocated to the most recently 
accrued amounts first) and any remaining amounts allocated to principal. For this purpose, any amount 
added to a U.S. Holder's basis to account for the difference between such U.S. Holder's purchase price for 
the Foreign Currency Contingent Note and the adjusted issue price of the Note at the time of purchase will 
be translated into U.S. dollars at the same rates at which they were translated for purposes of determining 
basis. The U.S. dollar equivalent of the amount realised upon a sale, exchange or unscheduled retirement 
of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be determined in a similar manner, but will first be allocated 
to principal and then any accrued interest (and will be allocated to the earliest accrued amounts first). Each 
component of the amount realised will be translated into U.S. dollars using the exchange rate used with 
respect to the corresponding principal or accrued interest. The amount of any gain realised upon a sale, 
exchange or unscheduled retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note will be equal to the excess of 
the amount realised over the holder's tax basis, both expressed in foreign currency, and will be translated 
into U.S. dollars using the spot rate on the payment date. Gain from the sale or retirement of a Foreign 
Currency Contingent Note will generally be treated as interest income taxable at ordinary income (rather 
than capital gains) rates. Any loss will be ordinary loss to the extent that the U.S. Holder's total interest 
inclusions to the date of sale or retirement exceed the total net negative adjustments that the U.S. Holder 
took into account as ordinary loss, and any further loss will be capital loss. Gain or loss (other than loss 
treated as capital loss) realised by a U.S. Holder on the sale or retirement of a Foreign Currency Contingent 
Note will generally be foreign source. Any capital loss will generally be U.S. source. Prospective investors 
should consult their tax advisers as to the foreign tax credit implications of the sale or retirement of Foreign 
Currency Contingent Notes. 
A U.S. Holder will also recognise U.S. source exchange rate gain or loss (taxable as ordinary income or 
loss) on the receipt of foreign currency in respect of a Foreign Currency Contingent Note if the exchange

--- Page 225 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 223 -
70-41019079 
 
 
rate in effect on the date the payment is received differs from the rate applicable to the principal or accrued 
interest to which such payment relates. 
Disposition of Foreign Currency 
Foreign currency received as interest on a Note or on the sale or retirement of a Note will have a tax basis 
equal to its U.S. dollar value at the time the interest is received or at the time of the sale or retirement. 
Foreign currency that is purchased will generally have a tax basis equal to the U.S. dollar value of the 
foreign currency on the date of purchase. Any gain or loss recognised on a sale or other disposition of a 
foreign currency (including its use to purchase Notes or upon exchange for U.S. dollars) will be U.S. source 
ordinary income or loss. 
Backup Withholding and Information Reporting 
In general, payments of interest and accrued OID on, and the proceeds of a sale, redemption or other 
disposition of, the Notes, payable to a U.S. Holder by a U.S. paying agent or other U.S. intermediary will 
be reported to the IRS and to the U.S. Holder as may be required under applicable regulations. Backup 
withholding will apply to these payments and to accruals of OID if the U.S. Holder fails to provide an 
accurate taxpayer identification number or certification of exempt status or fails to report all interest and 
dividends required to be shown on its U.S. federal income tax returns. Certain U.S. Holders (including, 
among others, corporations) are not subject to backup withholding. U.S. Holders should consult their tax 
advisers as to their qualification for exemption from backup withholding and the procedure for obtaining 
an exemption. 
US Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding any additional tax reporting or filing 
requirements they may have as a result of acquiring, owning or disposing of Notes.  Failure to comply with 
applicable reporting obligations could result in the imposition of substantial penalties. 
TAXATION OF NON-US HOLDERS 
The following is a description of certain U.S. federal income tax consequences of the acquisition, 
ownership, retirement or other taxable disposition of Notes by a Non-US Holder.  As used herein, the term 
"Non-US Holder" means a beneficial owner of a note that is, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, a 
nonresident alien, a corporation, an estate or a trust that in each case, is not a U.S. Holder as described 
above.  This discussion does not address any Non-US Holder that (i) is holding a Note in a manner such 
that income with respect to such Note is effectively connected with a trade or business conducted by the 
Non-US Holder in the United States, or (ii) is an individual that has or had a current or former relationship 
with the United States, including a relationship as a citizen or resident thereof or based on such individual's 
presence in the United States for 183 days or more in the taxable year. 
Subject to the discussions below in "Dividend Equivalent Payments" and "FATCA" the Issuer expects that 
payments on the Notes to a Non-US Holder generally will not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax. 
A Non-US Holder generally will not be subject to the U.S. information reporting and backup withholding 
rules; however, if a Non-US Holder receives payments in the United States or from a financial intermediary 
that is a United States person or has certain other connections with the United States, such Non-US Holder 
may have to provide certification of its non-US status for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 
Generally, Notes held by an individual who is a Non-US Holder at the time of death will not be subject to 
U.S. federal estate tax as a result of the individual's death if at the time of the individual's death payments 
with respect to the Note would not have been effectively connected with a U.S. trade or business of the 
individual. 
Dividend Equivalent Payments 
U.S. Treasury Regulations under Section 871(m) of the Code require withholding of up to 30% (depending 
on whether an income tax treaty or other exemption applies) on payments or deemed payments made to 
non-US persons on certain financial instruments to the extent that such payments are contingent upon or 
determined by reference to U.S.-source dividends. These rules differentiate between "Delta-One" and 
"Non-Delta-One" transactions. This withholding should not apply to Non-Delta-One Notes issued before 1 
January 2023 ("Grandfathered Notes") (unless the Notes are "significantly modified" after January 1 
2023).  Significant aspects of the application of these regulations to the Notes are uncertain. Payments on

--- Page 226 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 224 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Notes, other than Grandfathered Notes, that are treated by the applicable Treasury regulations as being 
contingent upon, or determined by reference to, any U.S. source dividends may be subject to this 
withholding.  
Withholding in respect of dividend equivalents amounts will generally be required when the relevant 
payment is made on a Note or upon the date of maturity, lapse or other disposition by a Non-US Holder of 
the Notes. Notes may be treated as paying dividend equivalent amounts to the extent U.S. source dividends 
are expected to be paid on the underlying equity securities, even if no corresponding payment on the Note 
is explicitly linked to such dividends and even if, upon maturity, lapse or other disposition by the Non-US 
Holder, the holder realizes a loss. The regulations provide exceptions to withholding, in particular for 
certain instruments linked to certain broad-based indices. In the event any withholding would be required 
pursuant to Section 871(m) with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay 
additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Prospective investors should consult their tax advisers 
regarding the potential application of Section 871(m) and the applicable regulations to the Notes.  
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the Code, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign financial institution" 
may be required to withhold on (i) certain U.S. source payments (including interest and dividends) and (ii) 
certain payments it makes ("foreign passthru payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, 
reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions (including the United Kingdom) have entered 
into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement 
FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would 
generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects 
of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether 
withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments 
such as the Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change.  Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding 
would not apply to "foreign passthru payments" prior to the second anniversary of the date on which final 
regulations defining such term are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Notes characterised as debt 
that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining 
"foreign passthru payments" are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally would be "grandfathered" 
for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date (including by reason of a 
substitution of the issuer). Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may 
apply to their investment in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as 
a result of the withholding. 
THE FOREGOING SUMMARY DOES NOT ADDRESS ALL ASPECTS OF UNITED STATES 
FEDERAL TAXATION THAT MAY BE RELEVANT TO AN INVESTOR. INVESTORS ARE 
ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISORS FOR SPECIFIC ADVICE 
CONCERNING THE TAX CONSEQUENCES REGARDING THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP 
AND DISPOSITION OF NOTES.

--- Page 227 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 225 -
70-41019079 
 
 
CERTAIN ERISA AND RELATED CONSIDERATIONS 
The U.S. Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ("ERISA"), imposes certain 
duties on "employee benefit plans" within the meaning of Section 3(3) of ERISA that are subject to Title I 
of ERISA, such as pension plans, profit-sharing plans, collective investment funds and separate accounts 
whose underlying assets include the assets of such employee benefit plans (collectively, "ERISA Plans"), 
and on those persons who are fiduciaries or service providers with respect to such ERISA Plans. ERISA 
also imposes limits on transactions between ERISA Plans and the ERISA Plan’s service providers or other 
"parties in interest." 
Each fiduciary of an ERISA Plan should consider ERISA and the regulations and guidance thereunder when 
considering an investment in the Notes. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans and "plans" within the meaning of 
Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that are subject to Section 4975 of the Code, including individual retirement 
accounts and "Keogh" plans (together with ERISA Plans, "Plans"), should also consider, among other 
items, the issues described below in deciding whether to purchase the Notes. 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS IS NOT WRITTEN FOR ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR, 
AND DOES NOT ADDRESS THE NEEDS OF ANY PARTICULAR PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR. 
NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, ANY PAYING AGENT, ANY MANAGERS OR INITIAL 
PURCHASERS IN RESPECT OF ANY NOTES, THE CALCULATION AGENT, OR ANY OF THEIR 
RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES HAS UNDERTAKEN TO PROVIDE IMPARTIAL INVESTMENT 
ADVICE OR TO GIVE ADVICE IN A FIDUCIARY CAPACITY, AND NONE OF THESE PARTIES 
HAS OR SHALL PROVIDE ANY ADVICE OR RECOMMENDATION WITH RESPECT TO THE 
MANAGEMENT OF ANY INVESTMENT OR THE ADVISABILITY OF ACQUIRING, HOLDING, 
DISPOSING OR EXCHANGING OF SUCH INVESTMENT. THE FOLLOWING DISCUSSION IS 
GENERAL IN NATURE, IS NOT INTENDED TO BE ALL INCLUSIVE AND SHOULD NOT BE 
CONSTRUED AS LEGAL ADVICE. EACH FIDUCIARY OF A PLAN SHOULD TALK TO ITS 
LEGAL ADVISER ABOUT THE CONSIDERATIONS DISCUSSED IN THIS SECTION BEFORE 
INVESTING IN THE NOTES. APPLICABLE LAWS GOVERNING THE INVESTMENT AND 
MANAGEMENT OF THE ASSETS OF GOVERNMENTAL, CERTAIN CHURCH, NON-U.S. AND 
OTHER PLANS MAY ALSO CONTAIN FIDUCIARY AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION 
REQUIREMENTS. ACCORDINGLY, FIDUCIARIES OF SUCH PLANS, IN CONSULTATION WITH 
THEIR ADVISERS, SHOULD CONSIDER THE IMPACT OF SUCH LAWS ON AN INVESTMENT IN 
THE NOTES. 
Fiduciary Duty of Investing ERISA Plans 
Under ERISA, a person who exercises discretionary authority or control regarding the management or 
disposition of an ERISA Plan's assets is generally considered to be a fiduciary of such an ERISA Plan.  An 
ERISA Plan's investments are subject to ERISA's fiduciary requirements, which should be considered in 
the context of each ERISA Plan's particular facts and circumstances. An ERISA Plan fiduciary deciding 
whether to purchase the Notes should consider, particularly in light of the risks and limited liquidity inherent 
in an investment in the Notes, whether the purchase would (i) satisfy the diversification requirements of  
Section 404(a)(1)(C) of ERISA, (ii) be prudent and in the sole interest of the ERISA Plan participants and 
beneficiaries with respect to the Note's structure, potential risks and lack of liquidity, (iii) be in accordance 
with the documents and instruments governing the ERISA Plan and (iv) constitute or result in a "prohibited 
transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code.   
In evaluating the prudence of a purchase of the Notes, an ERISA Plan fiduciary should consider the U.S. 
Department of Labor (the "DOL") regulation on investment duties located at 29 C.F.R.§ 2550.404a-1.  
ERISA also requires the ERISA Plan fiduciary to maintain an indicia of ownership for the ERISA Plan's 
assets within the jurisdiction of the U.S. Federal District Courts. Fiduciaries of ERISA Plans should also 
consider ERISA's rules relating to delegation of control, and whether an investment in the Notes might 
Administrators of ERISA Plans that invest in the Notes may be required to report compensation, including 
indirect compensation, paid in connection with the ERISA Plan’s investment in the Notes on Schedule C 
of Form 5500 (Annual Return/Report of Employee Benefit Plan). The descriptions in this Base Prospectus 
of fees and compensation, including the fees paid to the Registrar and any paying agents, are intended to 
satisfy the disclosure requirement for "eligible indirect compensation," for which an alternative reporting 
procedure on Schedule C of Form 5500 may be available.

--- Page 228 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 226 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Prohibited Transactions 
Section 406 of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code prohibit certain transactions ("prohibited 
transactions") involving the assets of a Plan and certain persons and their affiliates having specified 
relationships to such Plans, including the Plan's fiduciaries and other service providers (referred to as 
"parties in interest" under Section 3(14) of ERISA and as "disqualified persons" under Section 4975 of the 
Code and collectively, "Parties in Interest"). Whether the underlying assets of the Issuer are deemed to 
include assets of a Plan, a purchase of the Notes by a Plan, to the extent it is permitted, may constitute or 
result in a direct or indirect "prohibited transaction" under Section 406 of ERISA and/or Section 4975 of 
the Code (collectively, "prohibited transactions") to the extent the Issuer, the Registrar, any paying agent, 
any managers or initial purchasers in respect of any Notes and the Calculation Agent, or any of their 
respective affiliates (each, a "Transaction Party") is considered a Party in Interest, unless a statutory or 
administrative exemption is applicable to the transaction. A fiduciary who engages in a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction may be subject to excise taxes and other penalties and liabilities under ERISA and 
Section 4975 of the Code, and the transaction may have to be rescinded and corrected at a significant cost 
to the Issuer. 
The fiduciary of a Plan that proposes to purchase and hold the Notes should consider, among other things, 
whether such purchase and holding may involve (i) the direct or indirect extension of credit to a Party in 
Interest, (ii) the sale or exchange of any property between a Plan and a Party in Interest or (iii) the transfer 
to, or use by or for the benefit of, a Party in Interest of any Plan assets.  Depending on the satisfaction of 
certain conditions which may include the identity of the Plan fiduciary making the decision to acquire or 
hold the Notes on behalf of a Plan, an administrative or statutory exemption may be applicable to a 
prohibited transaction in respect of a purchase of the Notes. These exemptions include the administrative 
exemptions of Prohibited Transaction Class Exemption ("PTCE") 84-14 (relating to transactions effected 
by "qualified professional asset managers"); PTCE 90-1 (relating to investments by insurance company 
pooled separate accounts); PTCE 91-38 (relating to investments by bank collective investment funds); 
PTCE 95-60 (relating to transactions involving insurance company general accounts) and PTCE 96-23 
(relating to transactions determined by in-house asset managers) and the statutory exemption of Section 
408(b)(17) of ERISA and Section 4975(d)(20) of the Code (relating to the purchase and sale of securities 
and related lending transactions, provided that neither the security's issuer nor any of its affiliates have or 
exercise any discretionary authority or control or render any investment advice with respect to the assets of 
the Plan involved in the transaction and provided further that the Plan pays not more than adequate 
consideration in connection with the transaction). In this regard, there can be no assurance that any of these 
or other exemptions will be available with respect to any particular transaction involving an investment in 
the Notes. Most of the exemptions do not provide relief from some or all of the self-dealing prohibitions 
under Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code. 
Each fiduciary of a Plan that has engaged in a prohibited transaction may be required to, among other 
potential actions, (i) restore to the Plan any profit realized on the transaction, (ii) reimburse the Plan for any 
losses suffered by the Plan as a result of the transaction or (iii) unwind the transaction. Under Section 4975 
of the Code, a Party in Interest may be required to pay excise taxes based on the amount involved in the 
transaction (including a one hundred per cent. (100%) excise tax if the transaction is not corrected within a 
certain time period). 
Any insurance company proposing to purchase any Note using the assets of its general account should also 
consider the extent to which such investment would be subject to the requirements of ERISA in light of the 
U.S. Supreme Court's decision in John Hancock Mutual Life Insurance Co. v. Harris Trust and Savings 
Bank and under any subsequent guidance that may become available relating to that decision.  In particular, 
such an insurance company should consider the retroactive and prospective exemptive relief granted by the 
DOL for transactions involving insurance company general accounts in PTCE 95 60, 60 Fed. Reg. 35925 
(12 July 1995), the enactment of Section 401(c) of ERISA by the Small Business Job Protection Act of 
1996 (including, without limitation, the expiration of any relief granted thereunder) and the regulations 
thereunder. 
The Plan Assets Regulation  
Under the DOL regulation codified at 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA (the 
"Plan Assets Regulation"), when a Plan invests in an "equity interest" of an entity (which is defined as an 
interest in an entity other than an instrument that is treated as indebtedness under applicable local law and 
that has no substantial equity features) that is neither a "publicly offered security" nor a security issued by

--- Page 229 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 227 -
70-41019079 
 
 
an investment company registered under the U.S. Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, the Plan's 
assets include both the equity interest and an undivided interest in each of the entity's underlying assets, 
unless it is established that the entity is an "operating company" or equity participation by "Benefit Plan 
Investors" is deemed not to be "significant".   
Equity participation by "Benefit Plan Investors" in an entity is deemed to be "significant" under the Plan 
Assets Regulation if, immediately after the most recent acquisition of any equity interest in the entity, 
twenty-five per cent. (25%) or more of the value of any class of equity interests in the entity is held by 
"Benefit Plan Investors". "Benefit Plan Investor" means (i) a Plan or (ii) a person or entity whose 
underlying assets include, or are deemed to include, "plan assets" by reason of a Plan's investment in the 
person or entity under the Plan Assets Regulation or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 
4975 of the Code. This test must be satisfied at each acquisition, transfer or disposition of a note in order 
for the assets of the issuer to not be treated as "plan assets". For these purposes, the value of a note held by 
certain persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) that have discretionary authority or "control" over the 
assets of the entity or that provide investment advice with respect to such assets for a fee, directly or 
indirectly, or "affiliates" of such persons (other than Benefit Plan Investors) are excluded. An "affiliate" of 
a person includes any person, directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controlling, 
controlled by, or under common control with the person. "Control", with respect to a person other than an 
individual, means the power to exercise a controlling influence over the management or policies of such 
person. 
Although there cannot be any assurance in this regard, the Issuer believes that any Series of Notes 
characterised as debt should be characterised as indebtedness without substantial equity features and not as 
equity interest. However, any Series of Notes characterised as equity could be treated as equity interests in 
a hypothetical entity due to the equity features associated with that Series of Notes. There is little guidance 
that can be used to predict when or if the DOL or a court would view a security as an equity interest rather 
than as indebtedness, and it is possible that the DOL could contend, and that a court could hold, that any of 
the Notes are equity interests.  If the underlying assets of the issuer are deemed to be Plan assets, the 
obligations and other responsibilities of Plan sponsors, Plan fiduciaries and Plan administrators, and of 
Parties in Interest, under Parts 1 and 4 of Subtitle B of Title I of ERISA and Section 4975 of the Code, as 
applicable, may be expanded, and there may be an increase in their liability under these and other provisions 
of ERISA and the Code (except to the extent (if any) that a favourable statutory or administrative exemption 
or exception applies). In addition, various providers of fiduciary or other services to the Issuer, and any 
other parties with authority or control with respect to the Issuer, could be deemed to be Plan fiduciaries or 
otherwise Parties in Interest by virtue of their provision of such services.  
Similar Plans 
"Governmental plans" within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, non U.S. plans described in Section 
4(b)(4) of ERISA, "church plans" within the meaning of Section 3(33) of ERISA that have made no election 
under Section 410(d) of the Code and benefit plans that are not Benefit Plan Investors (any such plan, a 
"Similar Plan"), while not subject to the fiduciary responsibility provisions and prohibited transaction 
provisions of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code, may nevertheless be subject to a U.S. federal, 
state, local, non U.S. or other law or regulation that contains one or more provisions that are substantially 
similar to the foregoing provisions of ERISA and the Code (any such law or regulation, a "Similar Law").   
Representations and Warranties   
Each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Series of Notes (or an interest therein), which is characterised 
as indebtedness without substantial equity features and not as an equity interest, will be deemed to have 
represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an interest therein), 
that (A) either (i) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an interest therein) will not be) acting 
on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law or (ii) its acquisition, 
holding and disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a non-exempt 
prohibited transaction or a violation of any Similar Law and (B) it will not sell or otherwise transfer such a 
Note (or an interest therein) to any person without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties 
and agreements. 
Moreover, each purchaser and subsequent transferee of a Series of Notes (or an interest therein), which is 
characterised as indebtedness without substantial equity features and not as an equity interest, will be 
deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such a Note (or an

--- Page 230 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 228 -
70-41019079 
 
 
interest therein), that, if it is a Benefit Plan Investor, (X) none of the Transaction Parties have provided any 
investment recommendation or investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or any fiduciary or other 
person investing the assets of the Benefit Plan Investor, or who otherwise has discretion or control over the 
investment and management of "plan assets" (a "Plan Fiduciary"), on which either the Benefit Plan 
Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the decision to acquire such a Note (or an interest 
therein), (Y) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that term is 
defined in Section (21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan 
Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan Investor's acquisition of such a Note (or an interest therein) 
and (Z) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the transaction. 
To avoid issues that could arise if the assets of the Issuer were deemed to be "plan assets", each purchaser 
and subsequent transferee of a Series of Notes (or an interest therein), which is characterised as an equity 
interest, will be deemed to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such 
a Note (or an interest therein), that (A) it is not (and for so long as it holds such a Note (or an interest 
therein) will not be) acting on behalf of (i) a Benefit Plan Investor or (ii) a Similar Plan that is subject to 
any Similar Law, unless its acquisition, holding and disposition of such a Note (or an interest therein) will 
not result in or constitute a violation of any Similar Law, and (B) it will not sell or otherwise transfer such 
a Note (or an interest therein) to any person without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties 
and agreements.. 
There can be no assurance that these representations and warranties will be effective to prevent prohibited 
transactions from occurring or property of the Issuer from being treated as "plan assets" for purposes of 
Title 1 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code as a result of Benefit Plan Investors holding Notes (or any 
interest therein). 
Any Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan proposing to invest in any Notes (or an interest therein) should 
consult with its counsel to confirm, among other things, that such investment will not constitute or result in 
a non exempt prohibited transaction and will satisfy the other requirements of ERISA, the Code and any 
applicable Similar Law.   
This Base Prospectus is not directed to any particular purchaser, nor does it address the needs of any 
particular purchaser.  None of the Transaction Parties shall provide any advice or recommendation with 
respect to the management of any interests in a Note or the advisability of acquiring, holding, disposing or 
exchanging of such an interest.   
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY 
FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, 
WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS 
NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR" OR A "SIMILAR PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, 
NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS 
THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR 
REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR (II) ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION 
OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-
EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 
OF THE CODE OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON 
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND 
AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED

--- Page 231 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 229 -
70-41019079 
 
 
TO INCLUDE "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY 
BY THE FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT 
OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  A 
"SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) 
OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER 
SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR. 
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST 
HEREIN), 
WHICH 
IS 
CHARACTERISED 
AS 
INDEBTEDNESS 
WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE DEEMED 
TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING 
OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, 
(X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, ANY PAYING AGENT, ANY MANAGERS OR 
INITIAL PURCHASERS IN RESPECT OF ANY NOTES AND THE CALCULATION AGENT, NOR 
ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A "TRANSACTION PARTY") HAVE 
PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS 
OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR CONTROL 
OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), 
ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), 
(Y) THE TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION (21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(e)(3) 
OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION 
WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN) AND (Z) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT 
JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. 
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS EQUITY 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE DEEMED TO 
HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF 
THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS 
THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF (I) A "BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR" OR (II) A "SIMILAR PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, 
LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE 
PROVISIONS THAT ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY 
AND PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT 
INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR 
REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION 
OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A 
VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER 
SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING 
THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING 
OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A "PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 4975(e)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE 
CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLDUE, OR ARE DEEMED 
TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY 
BY THE FOREGOING EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT 
OF LABOR REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  A 
"SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(32) 
OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(b)(4) OF ERISA, A "CHURCH PLAN" 
WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS MADE NO ELECTION UNDER

--- Page 232 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 230 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SECTION 410(d) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR.

--- Page 233 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 231 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
The Notes will be distributed by ICBC Standard Bank Plc (in such capacity the "Dealer"). The Dealer will 
observe and every purchaser will be required to observe the restrictions set out below, in addition to any 
further restrictions set forth in the relevant Series Prospectus. 
United States of America 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States. Notes in bearer form having a maturity of 
more than one year are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not 
be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined 
in Regulation S). The Notes will not be offered, sold or delivered in bearer form within the United States 
or to U.S. persons (as defined by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986). 
The Dealer will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise 
until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche, as 
certified to the Registrar or the Issuer by the Dealer within the United States or to, or for the account or 
benefit of, U.S. persons, other than pursuant to Rule 144A, and the Dealer will have sent to each dealer to 
which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto, a confirmation or other 
notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable Tranche, an offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may 
violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act (if such sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with Rule 144A) or another exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes (a) outside the United States to non-US persons in reliance on Regulation S and (b) in the United 
States to qualified institutional buyers within the meaning of Rule 144A pursuant to an exemption from, or 
a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. The Issuer reserves the right 
to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not 
constitute an offer to any person in the United States or to any U.S. person, other than any qualified 
institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A to whom an offer has been made directly by the Issuer 
or its U.S. broker-dealer affiliates. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-US person outside the 
United States or by any qualified institutional buyer in the United States to any U.S. person or to any other 
person within the United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those persons, if any, 
retained to advise such non-US person or qualified institutional buyer with respect thereto, is unauthorised 
and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. 
person or other person within the United States, other than any qualified institutional buyer and those 
persons, if any, retained to advise such non-US person or qualified institutional buyer, is prohibited. 
Each issuance of index- or currency-linked Notes shall be subject to such additional U.S. selling restrictions 
as the relevant Dealer(s) shall agree with the Issuer as a term of the issuance and purchase or, as the case 
may be, subscription of such Notes. Each Dealer has agreed that it shall offer, sell and deliver such Notes 
only in compliance with such additional U.S. selling restrictions. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  
(a) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or

--- Page 234 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 232 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Insurance Mediation Directive, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any Exempt Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree with the Issuer that it has not made and will not make an offer of 
Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Notes 
to the public in that Relevant Member State: 
(1) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(2) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Dealer nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or the Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes specifies the 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  
(c) 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or 
more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
in relation to any Exempt Notes with a minimum denomination below €100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency, not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus

--- Page 235 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 233 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK Prospectus 
Regulation"); and 
(d) 
the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe the Notes. 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the UK Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", in relation to the United Kingdom, each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree with the Issuer that 
it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(1) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(2) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom, subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the Dealer nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(3) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (1) to (3) above shall require the Issuer or the Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 
of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes 
in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
Selling Restrictions Addressing Additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted  and agreed that 
(a) 
Financial promotion:  it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment 
activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue 
or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not, or, in the case 
of the Issuer would not, if it was not an authorised person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 
with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
Ireland 
The Dealer will represent, warrant and agree that they have not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and 
will not offer, sell, place or underwrite the issue of any Notes in Ireland: 
(a) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of S.I. No. 375 of 2017, the European Union 
(Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended), and any codes of conduct or 
rules issued in connection therewith and any conditions or requirements, or other enactments, 
imposed or approved by the Central Bank and the provisions of the Investor Compensation Act 
1998 (as amended); 
(b) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the Irish Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2015 (as 
amended) and any codes of practice made under Section 117(1) of the Irish Central Bank Act 1989

--- Page 236 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 234 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(as amended) or any regulations made pursuant to Part 8 of the Central Bank (Supervision and 
Enforcement) Act 2013 (as amended); 
(c) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities 
are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market or any delegated or 
implementing acts relating thereto, the  European Union (Prospectus) Regulations 2019 of Ireland, 
the Irish Companies Act 2014 and any rules issued under Section 1363 of the Irish Companies Act 
2014, by the Central Bank; 
(d) 
otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of the European Union (Market Abuse) 
Regulations 2016, Regulation (EU) No.596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 16 April 2014 on market abuse and any rules issued under Section 1370 of the Irish Companies 
Act 2014 by the Central Bank; and 
(e) 
with a maturity of less than 12 months except in full compliance with Notice BSD C 01/02 issued 
by the Central Bank. 
Singapore 
Each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to acknowledge, that this Base 
Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that 
it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for 
subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or 
invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in 
Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures 
Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the "SFA")) pursuant to Section 
274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) 
of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions 
specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions 
of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018.

--- Page 237 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 235 -
70-41019079 
 
 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Dealer following a change 
in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this Base 
Prospectus. 
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public 
offering of any of the Notes, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
The Dealer agrees that it will, to the best of its knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives in each jurisdiction in which is purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession 
or distributes the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms and neither the Issuer nor 
the Dealer shall have responsibility therefor.

--- Page 238 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 236 -
70-41019079 
 
 
TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS 
Restricted Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes within the United States, by accepting delivery of this Base Prospectus, will be 
deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is (a) a qualified institutional buyer within the meaning of Rule 144A ("QIB"), (b) acquiring 
such Notes for its own account or for the account of a QIB and (c) aware, and each beneficial 
owner of such Notes has been advised, that the sale of such Notes to it is being made in reliance 
on Rule 144A or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. 
(2) 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered, 
sold, pledged or otherwise transferred except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A to a person that it 
and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or 
for the account of a QIB, (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 
of Regulation S or (c) pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act provided 
by Rule 144 thereunder (if available), in each case in accordance with any applicable securities 
laws of any State of the United States. It will, and each subsequent holder of the Restricted Notes 
is required to, notify any purchaser of the Restricted Notes from it of the resale restrictions 
applicable to the Restricted Notes. 
(3) 
Such Notes, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in compliance with applicable law, will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT"), OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION 
OF THE UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE. 
BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF, THE HOLDER (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A 
"QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER" (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT) OR (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE IN 
AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN COMPLIANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT, (2) AGREES THAT IT WILL NOT, WITHIN THE TIME PERIOD 
REFERRED TO IN RULE 144(K) UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AS IN EFFECT ON THE 
DATE OF THE TRANSFER OF THIS NOTE, RESELL OR OTHERWISE TRANSFER THIS 
NOTE EXCEPT (1) TO THE ISSUER OR AN AFFILIATE OF THE ISSUER, (2) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT TO A PERSON THAT 
THE HOLDER AND ANY PERSON ACTING ON ITS BEHALF REASONABLY BELIEVES 
IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER WITHIN THE MEANING OF RULE 144A 
UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT PURCHASING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE 
ACCOUNT OF A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER, (3) OUTSIDE THE UNITED 
STATES IN AN OFF-SHORE TRANSACTION TO NON-US PERSONS IN ACCORDANCE 
WITH RULE 903 OR RULE 904 OF REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OR (4) 
PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT 
PROVIDED BY RULE 144 THEREUNDER, IN EACH CASE IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
THE HOLDER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY 
ANY PURCHASER FROM IT OF THE NOTES IN RESPECT HEREOF OF THE RESALE 
RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. 
EACH BENEFICIAL OWNER HEREOF REPRESENTS THAT (1) IT IS A QIB; (2) IT IS 
HOLDING THIS NOTE FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OF ANOTHER 
QIB; (3) IT WAS NOT FORMED FOR THE PURPOSE OF INVESTING IN THE ISSUER OR 
THIS NOTE; AND (4) IT WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF THE FOREGOING TRANSFER 
RESTRICTIONS TO ITS SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREES. THE ISSUER HAS THE RIGHT 
TO REFUSE TO HONOUR A TRANSFER OF AN INTEREST IN THIS NOTE TO A PERSON 
WHO IS NOT A QIB.

--- Page 239 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 237 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) 
EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A 
"SIMILAR PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT 
ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR (II) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT 
FIRST OBTAINING THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND 
AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE FOREGOING 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  
A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(B)(4) OF ERISA, 
A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS 
MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(D) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN 
THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR.   
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR 
AN INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERIZED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF 
IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, ANY 
PAYING AGENT, ANY MANAGERS OR INITIAL PURCHASERS IN RESPECT OF ANY 
NOTES AND THE CALCULATION AGENT, NOR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE 
AFFILIATES 
(EACH, 
A 
"TRANSACTION 
PARTY") 
HAVE 
PROVIDED 
ANY 
INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR WHO OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR CONTROL 
OVER THE INVESTMENT AND MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN ASSETS" (A "PLAN 
FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN 
FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH THE DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH 
A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT 
OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A "FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED 
IN SECTION (21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT 
PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN 
INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE 
PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN 
EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION.

--- Page 240 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 238 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS EQUITY 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) IT 
IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF (I) A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR (II) A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW 
OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR 
CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON 
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES 
AND AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE FOREGOING 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  
A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(B)(4) OF ERISA, 
A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS 
MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(D) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN 
THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
(4) 
It understands that Notes offered in reliance on Rule 144A will be represented by a Restricted 
Global Certificate. Before any interest in a Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, 
pledged or otherwise transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form of an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate of the same Series, it will be required to provide a Transfer Agent 
with a written certification as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
(5) 
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as indebtedness without substantial 
equity features and not as an equity interest, it will be deemed to have represented, warranted and 
agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such Notes (or an interest therein), that: 
(a)  
either: 
(i) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) 
acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any 
Similar Law; or 
(ii) its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will 
not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction or a violation of any 
Similar Law; 
 
(b) 
if it is a Benefit Plan Investor: 
(i) 
none of the Transaction Parties have provided any investment recommendation or 
investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary, on which either

--- Page 241 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 239 -
70-41019079 
 
 
the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the 
decision to acquire such Notes (or an interest therein); 
(ii) the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that 
term is defined in Section (21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan 
Investor's acquisition of such Notes (or an interest herein); and 
(iii) the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the 
transaction, and 
(c) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person 
without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements. 
(6)  
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as an equity interest, it will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such Notes (or an 
interest therein), that: 
(A) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) acting 
on behalf of: 
(i) 
a Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(ii) a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law, unless its acquisition, holding and 
disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute a 
violation of any Similar Law, and 
(B) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person 
without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements. 
(7) 
It agrees that it will give to each person to whom it transfers any Notes notice of any restrictions 
on transfer of such Notes. 
(8) 
If it is acquiring any Notes for the account of one or more QIBs, the purchaser represents that it 
has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
(9) 
It understands that the Issuer and its affiliates, and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of 
the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. If it is acquiring any Notes for 
the account of one or more qualified institutional buyers it represents that it has sole investment 
discretion with respect to each such account and that it has full power to make the foregoing 
acknowledgements, representations and agreements on behalf of each such account. 
Upon the transfer, exchange or replacement of a Restricted Global Certificate or a Restricted Certificate, 
or upon specific request for removal of the legend, the Issuer will deliver only a Restricted Global 
Certificate or one or more Restricted Certificates that bear such legend or will refuse to remove such legend, 
unless there is delivered to the Issuer and the Registrar such satisfactory evidence (which may include a 
legal opinion) as may reasonably be required by the Issuer that neither the legend nor the restrictions on 
transfer set forth therein are required to ensure compliance with the provisions of the Securities Act. 
Any interest in a Restricted Global Certificate that is transferred to a person who takes delivery in the form 
of an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate will, upon transfer, cease to be an interest in a Restricted 
Global Certificate and become an interest in an Unrestricted Global Certificate and, accordingly, will 
thereafter be subject to all transfer restrictions and other procedures applicable to an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate.

--- Page 242 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 240 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Prospective purchasers are hereby notified that sellers of the Notes may be relying on the exemption 
from the provisions of Section 5 of the Securities Act provided by Rule 144A. 
Unrestricted Registered Notes 
Each purchaser of Notes outside the United States pursuant to Regulation S and each subsequent purchaser 
of such Notes in resales prior to the expiration of the distribution compliance period, by accepting delivery 
of this Base Prospectus and the Notes, will be deemed to have represented, agreed and acknowledged that: 
(1) 
It is, or at the time Notes are purchased will be, the beneficial owner of such Notes and (a) it is not 
a U.S. person and it is located outside the United States (within the meaning of Regulation S) and 
(b) it is not an affiliate of the Issuer or a person acting on behalf of such an affiliate. 
(2) 
It understands that such Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act 
and that, prior to the Exchange Date, it will not offer, sell, pledge or otherwise transfer such Notes 
except (a) in accordance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a person that it and any person 
acting on its behalf reasonably believes is a QIB purchasing for its own account or the account of 
a QIB or (b) in an offshore transaction in accordance with Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, 
in each case in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State of the United States. 
(3) 
It understands that such Notes, unless otherwise determined by the Issuer in accordance with 
applicable law, will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"THIS NOTE HAS NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE U.S. 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 AS AMENDED, (THE "SECURITIES ACT"). THIS NOTE IS 
BEING OFFERED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES AND, SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
EXCEPTIONS, MAY NOT BE OFFERED OR SOLD WITHIN THE UNITED STATES OR TO, 
OR FOR THE ACCOUNT OR BENEFIT OF U.S. PERSONS (AS THOSE TERMS ARE 
DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT. 
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) 
EITHER (I) IT IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR A 
"SIMILAR PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR 
OTHER LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT 
ARE SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND 
PROHIBITED TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE 
RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR 
SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE 
"CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), OR (II) ITS 
ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST 
HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR CONSTITUTE A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION UNDER SECTION 406 OF ERISA AND/OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE 
OR A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFER SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON WITHOUT 
FIRST OBTAINING THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES AND 
AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE FOREGOING 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR

--- Page 243 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 241 -
70-41019079 
 
 
REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  
A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF 
SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(B)(4) OF ERISA, 
A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS 
MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(D) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN 
THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR.   
MOREOVER, EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR 
AN INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS INDEBTEDNESS WITHOUT 
SUBSTANTIAL EQUITY FEATURES AND NOT AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT, IF 
IT IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, (X) NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE REGISTRAR, ANY 
PAYING AGENT, THE DEALER, THE CALCULATION AGENT, THE DISTRIBUTOR, THE 
INITIAL PURCHASERS OF THE NOTES OR THEIR RESPECTIVE AFFILIATES (EACH, A 
"TRANSACTION PARTY") HAVE PROVIDED ANY INVESTMENT RECOMMENDATION 
OR INVESTMENT ADVICE TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR ANY FIDUCIARY OR 
OTHER PERSON INVESTING THE ASSETS OF THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR, OR WHO 
OTHERWISE HAS DISCRETION OR CONTROL OVER THE INVESTMENT AND 
MANAGEMENT OF "PLAN ASSETS" (A "PLAN FIDUCIARY"), ON WHICH EITHER THE 
BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY HAS RELIED IN CONNECTION WITH 
THE DECISION TO ACQUIRE SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), (Y) THE 
TRANSACTION PARTIES ARE NOT OTHERWISE UNDERTAKING TO ACT AS A 
"FIDUCIARY" AS THAT TERM IS DEFINED IN SECTION (21) OF ERISA OR SECTION 
4975(E)(3) OF THE CODE, TO THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN FIDUCIARY IN 
CONNECTION WITH THE BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR'S ACQUISITION OF SUCH A NOTE 
(OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) AND (Z) THE PLAN FIDUCIARY IS EXERCISING ITS OWN 
INDEPENDENT JUDGMENT IN EVALUATING THE TRANSACTION. 
SERIES OF NOTES CHARACTERISED AS EQUITY 
EACH PURCHASER AND SUBSEQUENT TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE (OR AN 
INTEREST HEREIN), WHICH IS CHARACTERISED AS AN EQUITY INTEREST, WILL BE 
DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED, WARRANTED AND AGREED, BY ITS 
ACQUISITION AND HOLDING OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN), THAT (A) IT 
IS NOT (AND FOR SO LONG AS IT HOLDS THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL 
NOT BE) ACTING ON BEHALF OF (I) A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" OR (II) A "SIMILAR 
PLAN" THAT IS SUBJECT TO A U.S. FEDERAL, STATE, LOCAL, NON-U.S. OR OTHER 
LAW OR REGULATION THAT CONTAINS ONE OR MORE PROVISIONS THAT ARE 
SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO THE FIDUCIARY RESPONSIBILITY AND PROHIBITED 
TRANSACTION PROVISIONS OF TITLE I OF U.S. EMPLOYEE RETIREMENT INCOME 
SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ("ERISA"), OR SECTION 4975 OF THE U.S. 
INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED (THE "CODE") (ANY SUCH LAW 
OR REGULATION, A "SIMILAR LAW"), UNLESS ITS ACQUISITION, HOLDING AND 
DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) WILL NOT RESULT IN OR 
CONSTITUTE A VIOLATION OF ANY SIMILAR LAW AND (B) IT WILL NOT SELL OR 
OTHERWISE TRANSFER SUCH A NOTE (OR AN INTEREST HEREIN) TO ANY PERSON 
WITHOUT FIRST OBTAINING THE FOREGOING REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES 
AND AGREEMENTS.   
A "BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR" IS AN "EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN" WITHIN THE 
MEANING OF SECTION 3(3) OF ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA, A 
"PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS 
SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR A PERSON OR ENTITY WHOSE 
UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE, OR ARE DEEMED TO INCLUDE, "PLAN ASSETS" BY 
REASON OF AN INVESTMENT IN THE PERSON OR ENTITY BY THE FOREGOING 
EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN OR PLAN UNDER THE U.S. DEPARTMENT OF LABOR 
REGULATION AT 29 C.F.R. § 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA, 
OR OTHERWISE FOR PURPOSES OF TITLE I OF ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE.  
A "SIMILAR PLAN" IS A "GOVERNMENTAL PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF

--- Page 244 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 242 -
70-41019079 
 
 
SECTION 3(32) OF ERISA, A NON U.S. PLAN DESCRIBED IN SECTION 4(B)(4) OF ERISA, 
A "CHURCH PLAN" WITHIN THE MEANING OF SECTION 3(33) OF ERISA THAT HAS 
MADE NO ELECTION UNDER SECTION 410(D) OF THE CODE OR A BENEFIT PLAN 
THAT IS NOT A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR. 
(4) 
It understands that the Issuer, the Registrar, the Dealers and their affiliates, and others will rely 
upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgements, representations and agreements. 
(5) 
It understands that Notes in registered form offered in reliance on Regulation S will be represented 
by an Unrestricted Global Certificate. Prior to the Exchange Date, before any interest in the 
Restricted Global Certificate may be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred to a person 
who takes delivery in the form of an interest in the Unrestricted Global Certificate of the same 
Series, it will be required to provide a written certification (in the form provided in the Deed of 
Covenant) as to compliance with applicable securities laws. 
On or prior to the fortieth day after the relevant issue date, Notes represented by an interest in an 
Unrestricted Global Certificate may be transferred to a person who wishes to hold such Notes in 
the form of an interest in a Restricted Global Certificate only upon receipt by the Registrar of a 
written certification from the transferor (in the form provided in the Deed of Covenant) to the effect 
that such transfer is being made to a person whom the transferor reasonably believes is a QIB, in a 
transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable 
securities laws of any state of the United States. After such fortieth day, such certification 
requirements will no longer apply to such transfers, but such transfers will continue to be subject 
to the transfer restrictions contained in the legend appearing on the face of such Global Certificate, 
as described above. 
(6) 
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as indebtedness without substantial 
equity features and not as an equity interest, it will be deemed to have represented, warranted and 
agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such Notes (or an interest therein), that: 
(a) 
either: 
(i) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) 
acting on behalf of a Benefit Plan Investor or a Similar Plan that is subject to any 
Similar Law; or 
(ii) 
its acquisition, holding and disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will 
not result in or constitute a non-exempt prohibited transaction or a violation of any 
Similar Law; 
(b) 
if it is a Benefit Plan Investor: 
(i) 
none of the Transaction Parties have provided any investment recommendation or 
investment advice to the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary, on which either 
the Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary has relied in connection with the 
decision to acquire such Notes (or an interest therein); 
(ii) 
the Transaction Parties are not otherwise undertaking to act as a "fiduciary" as that 
term is defined in Section (21) of ERISA or Section 4975(e)(3) of the Code, to the 
Benefit Plan Investor or Plan Fiduciary in connection with the Benefit Plan 
Investor's acquisition of such Notes (or an interest herein); and 
(iii) 
the Plan Fiduciary is exercising its own independent judgment in evaluating the 
transaction; and 
(c) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person 
without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements. 
 (7) 
If the Notes (or an interest therein) would be characterised as an equity interest, it will be deemed 
to have represented, warranted and agreed, by its acquisition and holding of such Notes (or an 
interest therein), that:

--- Page 245 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 243 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(a) 
it is not (and for so long as it holds such Notes (or an interest therein) will not be) acting 
on behalf of: 
(i) 
a Benefit Plan Investor; or 
(ii) 
a Similar Plan that is subject to any Similar Law, unless its acquisition, holding 
and disposition of such Notes (or an interest therein) will not result in or constitute 
a violation of any Similar Law; and 
(b) 
it will not sell or otherwise transfer such Notes (or an interest herein) to any person 
without first obtaining the foregoing representations, warranties and agreements..

--- Page 246 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 244 -
70-41019079 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 
 
Note Issuance Programme 
SERIES NO: [●] 
TRANCHE NO: [●] 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
 
Issue Price: [●] per cent. 
 
Final Terms dated [●]

--- Page 247 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 245 -
70-41019079 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended ("MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in 
point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the EEA or in the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565477 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018478 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97479, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014480 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")][MiFID II]; 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market.]  Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 248 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 246 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus 
dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of 
the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented] in order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
[OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM EARLIER 
PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS) 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base 
prospectus with an earlier date were incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [7 July 2020 / 4 July 2019 / 27 July 2018 / 5 July 2017 
/ 20 June 2016 / 21 May 2015 / 20 August 2013 / 28 June 2012 / 30 August 2011] [and the supplements to 
it dated [5 June 2015 / 7 February 2014]] which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 
[current date]. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must, in order to obtain all the 
relevant information, be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated [current date] [and the 
supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Conditions which are set 
forth in the base prospectus dated [7 July 2020 / 4 July 2019 / 27 July 2018 / 5 July 2017 / 20 June 2016 / 
21 May 2015 / 20 August 2013 / 28 June 2012 / 30 August 2011] [and the supplements to it dated [5 June 
2015 / 7 February 2014]] and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This document 
constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base Prospectus] 
[is] [are] available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer which 
is 20 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7JE or at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] [The Final 
Terms are also available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the Issuer.] 
The expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
[In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance 
of the Notes described herein.]  
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A 
of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets products other than 
"prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) 
Regulations 2018).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
1.
Issuer: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[•]]

--- Page 249 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 247 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated 
to form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•] / the Issue Date 
/ exchange of temporary Global Note for interests in 
the permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph [21] below [which is expected to occur 
on or about [•] ]].] 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series (total): 
[•] 
 
 
[This is the aggregate amount of the series, i.e. 
original issue plus fungible] 
 
(ii) 
[of which Tranche [•]: 
[•]] 
 
 
[This is the amount of the fungible issue only] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] 
[[] and integral multiples of [] in excess thereof 
up to and including []. [No Notes will be issued 
with a denomination exceeding [].]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[•] [specify date for Fixed Rate, Variable Linked 
Interest or Zero Coupon Notes] or (for Floating 
Rate Notes) [Interest Payment Date falling in [•]] 
[specify the relevant month and year]. 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[[LIBOR] / [EURIBOR] / [SONIA] / [SOFR]] +/- 
[•] per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Variable Linked Interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified at paragraphs 12, 13, 
14 and 15 below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Variable Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Redemption – Pass Through (Standard)

--- Page 250 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 248 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[Redemption – Pass Through (FX)] 
 
 
[Redemption – Currency] 
[Redemption – FX Basket] 
[Redemption – Additional FX Exposure] 
 
 
[Instalment]  
 
 
[Subject to no Credit Event having occurred 
Redemption – CLN shall apply] 
 
 
(further particulars specified at paragraph 19 below) 
11.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Put] 
 
 
[Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified at paragraphs 17 and 
18 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount 
[payable in the equivalent amount of [currency]] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount in 
respect of [specify relevant Interest Accrual 
Period]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
 
(viii) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year. [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA]

--- Page 251 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 249 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(x) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
13.
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
/ 
[Rate 
Option 
Annex 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
4.2(c)(ii) 
and/or 
Condition 
4.2(c)(iv) 
and/or 
4.2(c)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR] / [LIBID] / [LIMEAN] / [EURIBOR] / 
[SONIA] / [SOFR] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
 
 
"p" 
[•] 
 
 
Specified Currency: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 4.2(c)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] / [GBP–LIBOR-BBA] / [EUR-EURIBOR-
REUTERS] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] / [Month[s]] / [Year[s]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 252 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 250 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] / [The first day of each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(x) 
Rate 
Option 
Annex 
Determination 
(Condition 
4.2(c)(iii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Benchmark Rate: 
[AOA 3m T-Bill] / [AOA 6m T-Bill] / [AOA 12m 
T-Bill] / [BWP 14d BoBC] / [BWP 91d BoBC] / 
[MWK 91d T-Bill] / [MWK 182d T-Bill] / [MWK 
364d T-Bill] / [MZN FPC] / [TZS 91d T-Bill] / 
[TZS 182d T-Bill] / [TZS 364d T-Bill] / [UGX 91d 
T-Bill] / [UGX 182d T-Bill] / [UGX 364d T-Bill] / 
[ZMW 3m T-Bill] / [ZMW 6m T-Bill] / [ZMW 1yr 
T-Bill] / [any other rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex] 
 
 
Specified Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
 
(xv) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 
5.4): 
[[•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
15.
Variable 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Formula: 
[Variable Linked Interest – Standard / Variable 
Linked Interest – Pass Through (Standard) / 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass Through (FX)] 
 
(ii) 
Variable Linked Interest – 
Standard: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph)

--- Page 253 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 251 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Rate: 
[•] 
 
 
FX Rate (0): 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date [(s)]: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]]]] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass 
Through (Standard): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
 
Pass 
Through 
Proportion (Interest): 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass 
Through (FX): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount)

--- Page 254 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 252 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
 
Pass 
Through 
Proportion (Interest): 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Proportion: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date [(s)]: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] /[EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]]]] 
 
(v) 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass 
Through (FX): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Currencies: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Currency Basket: 
Currency Fxi(0) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency Fxi(T) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•]

--- Page 255 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 253 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(x) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Amount: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
/ [Actual/364] / [Actual/252] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DUAL CURRENCY NOTES 
 
16.
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of payments of [interest] 
[and] [principal]] / [Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions are 
applicable only to interest OR principal) 
[Interest: [•]; Principal: [•]] (Use if Dual Currency 
Note provisions are applicable to interest AND 
principal) 
 
(ii) 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[•] (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions are 
applicable only to interest OR principal) 
[Interest: [•]; Principal: [•]] (Use if Dual Currency 
Note provisions are applicable to interest AND 
principal) 
 
(iii) 
[Settlement 
Rate 
Option]/[Exchange rate (as per 
the definition of "Settlement 
Rate")]: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] /[EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/  
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option

--- Page 256 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 254 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Annex]]] / (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions 
are applicable only to interest OR principal) 
 
 
[Interest: [FX and Currency Option Determination: 
[insert relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 
1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]]]]; Principal: [FX and Currency Option 
Determination: [insert relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of 
Annex A of the 1998 FX and Currency Option 
Definitions]] / [Calculation Agent Determination of 
Settlement Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference 
Dealer Poll] / [Rate Option Annex Determination – 
Settlement Option Rate: [any rate specified in the 
Rate Option Annex]]]]] (Use if Dual Currency Note 
provisions are applicable to interest AND principal) 
 
 
[specify the rate, if relevant] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
17.
Call Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination] / [Early 
Redemption Percentage: [•]] / [The fair market 
value of the Reference Obligation(s) converted 
(where applicable) into the Settlement Currency, 
adjusted downward to take account fully for all 
costs, losses or expenses incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-
establishing any related hedge position, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
18.
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 257 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 255 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination] / [Early 
Redemption Percentage: [•]] / [The fair market 
value of the Reference Obligation(s) converted 
(where applicable) into the Settlement Currency, 
adjusted downward to take account fully for all 
costs, losses or expenses incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-
establishing any related hedge position, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Office of the Issuer (if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Formula: [Redemption – Pass Through (Standard)] 
/ [Redemption – Pass Through (FX)] / [Redemption 
– FX Basket] / [Redemption – Additional FX 
Exposure] 
/ 
[Redemption 
(Currency)] 
/ 
[Redemption – CLN]] / [100 per cent. of each 
Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption Amount: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption – Pass Through 
(Standard): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [ Not Applicable]  
 
 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•]

--- Page 258 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 256 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Pass 
Through: 
Proportion 
(Redemption) 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Redemption – Pass Through 
(FX): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [ Not Applicable] 
 
 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(if 
Amortising 
Reference 
Obligation 
is 
applicable, include Valuation Date(s) in respect of 
each Instalment Date and the Maturity Date) 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]]]] 
 
 
Pass 
Through: 
Proportion 
(Redemption) 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption (Currency): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
FX Rate (0): 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-

--- Page 259 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 257 -
70-41019079 
 
 
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]]]] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption – Pass Through FX 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Specified FX Option: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Redemption – Additional FX 
Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
FX 
Currency 
Performance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  Fxi(0): 
[•] 
 
(b)  Fxi(T): 
[•] 
 
(c)  Additional FX 
Exposure 
Notional 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
OTC 
Contract 
Performance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  OTC Contract: 
[•] 
 
(b)  Notional amount 
of OTC Contract: 
[•] 
 
(c)  Redemption upon 
Contract Termination 
Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
- Notice Period 
[•] 
 
 
Additional 
FX 
Exposure Trigger: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  Additional FX 
Exposure Trigger: 
[•] 
 
(b)  Trigger Reference 
Date[(s)]: 
[[•]/[Each Business Day from and including [•] to 
and including [•]] 
 
(c)  Additional FX 
Exposure 
Trigger 
Notice Period: 
[•]

--- Page 260 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 258 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Valuation Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(for 
the 
purpose of Condition 
5.1(c)(vi) 
[•]/ [The fair market value of the Reference 
Obligation(s) converted (where applicable) into the 
Settlement Currency, adjusted downward to take 
account fully for all costs, losses or expenses 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of terminating, 
liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any related 
hedge position, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion.] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption – FX Basket: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Currencies: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Currency Basket: 
Currency Fxi(0) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency Fxi(T) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
20.
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
occurrence of a Specified Event 
(Condition 5.2) (if applicable), 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 5.3) or an event of 
default (Condition 10): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] / [Condition 5.4(a) shall 
apply] / [The fair market value of the Reference 
Obligation(s) converted (where applicable) into the 
Settlement Currency, adjusted downward to take 
account fully for all costs, losses or expenses 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of terminating, 
liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any related 
hedge position, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion] 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period in relation to a 
Tax 
Termination 
Event 
if 
different to that set out in 
Condition 5.3(b): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
[Yes] /[No] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 261 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 259 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(Bearer Notes only) (Condition 
6.6): 
 
(iv) 
Specified Event Linked Notes: 
[Yes (If applicable, select "Credit Event" and/or 
"Disruption Event" and use wording in the sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph below ] / [No] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Specified Event: 
[Credit Event] / [[and] Disruption Event] 
 
 
Settlement 
Basis 
(following a Specified 
Event): 
[[Cash Settlement] / [Auction Settlement] / 
[Physical Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the [Credit Linked 
Derivatives 
Annex][Currency 
Annex])] 
/ 
[Settlement Method at Issuer Option – The 
following are applicable for election: [Auction 
Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex)] (specify two)]] (Auction 
Settlement and Settlement Method at Issuer Option 
are only possible in respect of Credit Events) 
 
 
(Use wording below if both Credit Event and 
Disruption Event are applicable) 
 
 
[Credit Event: [Cash Settlement] / [Auction 
Settlement] / [Physical Settlement (asset(s) to be 
delivered: [•] [as determined in accordance with the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex)] / [Settlement 
Method at Issuer Option – The following are 
applicable for election: [Auction Settlement] / [Cash 
Settlement] / [Physical Settlement (asset(s) to be 
delivered: [•] [as determined in accordance with the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex)] (specify two)] 
 
 
Disruption Event: [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the Currency 
Annex)]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] / [Registered Notes] 
 
(i) 
Temporary 
or 
Permanent 
Global Note/Certificate: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in

--- Page 262 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 260 -
70-41019079 
 
 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[NB: The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Certificate exchangeable for 
unrestricted 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Unrestricted Global 
Certificate] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Restricted Certificates in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Restricted Global Note Certificate] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable TEFRA Exemption: 
[C Rules] / [D Rules] / [TEFRA: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
only permitted with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
22.
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
23.
Additional Deduction Amount: 
[Applicable. [The Maximum Aggregate Additional 
Deduction Amount is [●]] / [[●] per cent. per annum 
of the nominal amount of the Reference 
Obligation]] / [Not Applicable] 
24.
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 6.8): 
[Not Applicable] [] 
25.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes: []] (If yes, give details) / [No] / [Not 
Applicable] 
26.
Registrar: 
[] 
27.
Calculation Agent: 
[ICBC Standard Bank Plc] / []

--- Page 263 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 261 -
70-41019079 
 
 
28.
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
 
[[LIBOR] / [LIBID] / [LIMEAN] / [EURIBOR] / 
[SONIA] / [SOFR]] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary].  
[As at the date hereof, [[administrator legal 
name][appears]/[does 
not 
appear]][repeat 
as 
necessary] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA 
pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators 
and benchmarks) of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended]  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, 
the [specify benchmark] does not fall within the 
scope of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended]  
[As far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional 
provisions of Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation apply, such that [administrator legal 
name]][repeat as necessary] is not currently 
required to obtain authorisation/ registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).] 
 [Not Applicable] 
29.
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Reference Entity(ies): 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transaction 
Type: 
Additional 
Provisions
: 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix: 
[] 
[] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
[ 
Reference 
Entity 
and address 
Country of 
incorporatio
n
Industry 
Listing 
market 
[] 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
]
 
(ii) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] / [Subordinated Level]

--- Page 264 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 262 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(vii) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[] [ISIN: []] / [Not Applicable] / [As specified 
under paragraph [15(iii)/15(iv)/19(iv)/19(v)] above] 
 
(viii) 
Applicable Credit Events: 
[[Bankruptcy] / [Failure to Pay] / [Governmental 
Intervention] 
/ 
[Obligation 
Acceleration] 
/ 
[Obligation Default] / [Repudiation/Moratorium] / 
[Restructuring]] 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Applicable 
Credit 
Events: 
[] 
[Bankruptcy] / [Failure 
to 
Pay] 
/ 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
/ 
[Obligation 
Acceleration] 
/ 
[Obligation Default] / 
[Repudiation/Moratori
um] / [Restructuring]] 
 
 
 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Grace 
Period 
(applicable 
under 
paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof): 
[[] calendar days] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Grace Period: 
[] 
[[] calendar days] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[U.S.$ 1,000,000] / [Zero] / [] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[] 
[U.S.$ 1,000,000] / 
[Zero] / []]

--- Page 265 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 263 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
 
Restructuring Type: 
[No Restructuring] / [Restructuring] / [Modified 
Restructuring Applicable] / [Modified Modified 
Restructuring Applicable] 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Restructuring Type: 
[] 
[No Restructuring] / 
[Restructuring] 
/ 
[Modified 
Restructuring 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Modified 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(ix) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information 
applicable 
to 
Conditions to Settlement: 
[Yes] / [No] 
 
(xi) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement] / [Settlement Method at Issuer Option – 
The following are applicable for election: [Auction

--- Page 266 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 264 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement] (specify two)] 
 
(xii) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Fallback Settlement Method at Issuer Option] 
 
(xiii) 
Auction Settlement Amount: 
[] / [As per Condition 5.2E(b)(ii)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[] / [As per Condition 5.2F(b)(ii)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Cash Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xvii) 
Valuation Obligation: 
[•] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xviii) Quotation Amount: 
[] / [Reference Entity Notional Amount] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Quotation Amount: 
[] 
[] / [Reference Entity 
Notional Amount]] 
 
 
(xix) 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[] 
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(xx) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days] / [As per the Definition set out 
in the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxi) 
Partial Cash Settlement Date: 
[] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxii) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Exclude Accrued Interest] / [Include Accrued 
Interest] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Reference Price: 
[[] per cent.] / [As per the Definition set out in the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxiv) Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
[] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 267 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 265 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Reference Entity 
Notional Amount: 
[] 
[]] 
 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxv) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
All Guarantees: 
[] 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(xxvi) Substitution 
of 
Reference 
Entities under Condition 5.2K 
(Succession Event)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Participation CLN: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Default 
Requirement: 
[] 
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(xxviii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Adjustment 
of 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [Subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate / Following / 
Modified Following / Preceding] Business Day 
Convention] 
 
(xxx) 
Obligation Category: 
 
- 
Derivatives 
               Obligation: 
- 
SFT Obligation: 
[Payment] / [Borrowed Money] / [Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] / [Loan] / [Bond or 
Loan] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 268 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 266 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Obligation Category: 
[] 
[Payment] 
/ 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
/ 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] 
/ [Loan] / [Bond or Loan]] 
 
(xxxi) Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] / [Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and the] Standard Specified Currencies]] / [Not 
Sovereign Lender] / [Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means []] / [Not Domestic 
Law] / [Listed] / [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional 
Obligation(s): []] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
/ 
[Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and 
the] 
Standard 
Specified Currencies]] / 
[Not Sovereign Lender] / 
[Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means 
[]] / [Not Domestic Law] / 
[Listed] / [Not Domestic 
Issuance] 
/ 
[Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional Obligation(s): 
[]]] 
 
 
(xxxii) Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] / [Borrowed Money] / [Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] / [Loan] / [Bond or 
Loan] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[] 
[Payment] 
/ 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
/ 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] 
/ [Loan] / [Bond or Loan]] 
 
 
(xxxiii) Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] /[Specified Currency: [] / [[and 
the] Standard Specified Currencies]] / [Not 
Sovereign Lender] / [Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means []] / [Not Domestic

--- Page 269 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 267 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Law] / [Listed] / [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Assignable Loan] / [Consent Required Loan] / 
[Transferable] / [Maximum Maturity: []] / 
[Accelerated or Matured] / [Not Bearer] / [Direct 
Loan Participation: Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[]] / [Excluded Deliverable Obligation(s): []] / 
[Additional Deliverable Obligation(s): []] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
/[Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and 
the] 
Standard 
Specified Currencies]] / 
[Not Sovereign Lender] / 
[Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means 
[]] / [Not Domestic Law] / 
[Listed] / [Not Contingent] 
/ [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Assignable 
Loan] 
/ 
[Consent Required Loan] / 
[Transferable] / [Maximum 
Maturity: 
[]] 
/ 
[Accelerated or Matured] / 
[Not Bearer] / [Direct Loan 
Participation: 
Qualifying 
Participation Seller: []] / 
[Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): []] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xxxiv) Trigger Event: 
[Applicable [if the Reference Obligation Price 
becomes equal to or lower than the Trigger Level/if 
the CDS Spread is greater than or higher than the 
Trigger Level]/Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxv) Trigger Level: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvi) Initial CDS Spread: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxvii)  Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Fallback Discounting: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]

--- Page 270 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 268 -
70-41019079 
 
 
30.
CURRENCY PROVISIONS 
Provisions of the Currency Annex: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
PART A – Specified Terms for Disruption Fallbacks 
 
(i) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[insert alternative Settlement Rate Option(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Event Currency: 
[Reference Currency] / [] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealer 
Specified Time: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Local Asset: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[[] Business Days after the date of delivery of the 
Notice of Physical Settlement] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Latest 
Permissible 
Physical 
Settlement Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Reference Dealers and their 
respective Specified Offices: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Specified Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Specified Company: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Specified Rate: 
[Reference Currency [bid/offer] exchange rate] / 
[Average of the Reference Currency bid and offer 
exchange rates] / [Settlement Currency [bid/offer] 
exchange rate] / [Average of the Settlement 
Currency offer exchange rates] / [Official fixing 
rate] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Specified Time: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Floating Rate / Following / Modified Following / 
Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
 
(xiv) 
Relevant Affiliate(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
PART B – Disruption Event Terms 
 
Disruption Events 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable Disruption Events: 
[Settlement/Custodial 
Event] 
[Benchmark 
Obligation Default] [Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General 
Inconvertibility] 
[General 
Non-
Transferability] 
[Governmental 
Authority 
Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price 
Materiality] [Price Source Disruption] [Specific 
Inconvertibility] [Specific Non-Transferability] 
[Index 
Cessation 
Event] 
[Administrator/Benchmark 
Event] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 271 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 269 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Order of remedy of Disruption 
Events if other than that set out in 
the Currency Annex: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Disruption Fallbacks 
 
 
(i) 
Settlement/Custodial Event: 
[Assignment of Claim against Custodian - 
Benchmark Obligation: [insert description of 
Benchmark Obligation]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Benchmark Obligation Default: 
[Local Asset Substitute – Gross - Benchmark 
Obligation(s): Specified Value: [outstanding 
principal balance (as valued on the Settlement 
Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / [the face 
value] / [the market value (as valued on the 
Settlement 
Date)] 
/ 
[]] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / 
[Currency Substitute] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Benchmark Obligation(s): 
 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
 
Type of Instrument: [] 
 
 
Currency of Denomination: [] 
 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
 
Maturity Date: [] 
 
 
BB Number: [] 
 
 
Face Value: [] 
 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Governmental Authority Default: 
[Local Asset Substitute-Gross – Benchmark 
Obligation(s): [insert description of Benchmark 
Obligation]: 
Specified 
Value: 
[outstanding 
principal balance (as valued on the Settlement 
Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / [the face 
value] / [the market value (as valued on the 
Settlement 
Date)] 
/ 
[]] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption:

--- Page 272 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 270 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Illiquidity: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum Amount: [] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Illiquidity Valuation Date (if applicable): [] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstance: 
[Early Redemption] / [Fallback Reference Price] / 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] 
/ 
[Local 
Asset 
Substitute-Gross 
– 
Benchmark Obligation(s): [insert description of 
Benchmark 
Obligation]: 
Specified 
Value: 
[outstanding principal balance (as valued on the 
Settlement Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / 
[the face value] / [the market value (as valued on 
the Settlement Date)] / []] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Nationalisation: 
[Settlement Postponement: Maximum Days of 
Disruption: []] / [Assignment of Claim] / 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Price Materiality: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Primary Rate: [] [Specify rate for each Settlement 
Rate Option to which it applies] 
 
 
Secondary Rate: [] [Specify rate for each 
Settlement Rate Option to which it applies] 
 
 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent. [Specify 
rate for each Settlement Rate Option to which it 
applies] 
 
(xi) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Specific Inconvertibility: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum Amount: [] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Specific Non-Transferability: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 273 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 271 -
70-41019079 
 
 
31.
FUND  LINKED PROVISIONS 
Provisions 
of 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Annex: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund(s): 
(including information on where 
the net asset value is published): 
[] [specify ISIN, if any] 
Name of Fund 
Weighting 
Information 
on where the 
net asset value 
is 
published
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(ii)          Fund Manager 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Subscription Price: 
[] 
 
(iv)         Subscription Date: 
[] 
 
(v)          Notional Value 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: 
[Change in Law] / [Hedging Disruption] / 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Extraordinary 
Fund Event]  [other - give details] [Not 
applicable]] 
 
 
 
[LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING APPLICATION 
These Final Terms comprise the final terms required to list and have admitted to trading the issue of Notes 
described herein pursuant to the U.S.$3,500,000,000 Note Issuance Programme of ICBC Standard Bank 
Plc.] 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 274 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 272 -
70-41019079 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
32.
Listing 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
Euronext Dublin 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Euronext Dublin with effect from []] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[] 
33.
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[•]/[The Notes will not be rated.] 
 
 
[Include the relevant option(s) from the following 
in the event the Notes are rated] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and has applied for 
registration 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended, although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] / [European Securities and Markets 
Authority].] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the EEA and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended.] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended.] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the EEA and is not 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
 
[[•] is established in the UK and is neither 
registered nor has it applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.]

--- Page 275 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 273 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the UK but the rating it 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [•], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the UK but is certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018.] 
 
 
[[•] is not established in the UK and is not certified 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating 
it has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
 
 
[Include disclosure as to ratings definitions,  
which can take the following form: "In 
accordance with [rating agency]'s ratings 
definitions available as at the date of these Final 
Terms on [insert hyperlink], a long-term rating of 
"[•]" indicates [insert meaning of the rating as 
described by the relevant rating agency ]."] 
34.
[Notification 
 
 
The [include name of competent authority in EEA home Member State] [has been requested to 
provide/has provided - include first alternative for an issue which is contemporaneous with the 
establishment or update of the Programme and the second alternative for subsequent issues] 
the [include names of competent authorities of host Member States] with a certificate of 
approval attesting that the Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation.] 
35.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.] / [] 
36.
[Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] / [General funding] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus — if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of other 
funding)

--- Page 276 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 274 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
37.
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield] 
38.
[PERFORMANCE OF [RATE(S) OF EXCHANGE/[specify other relevant underlying]] 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant 
rate[s]/underlying can be obtained (to the extent not already covered above) and whether or 
not it can be obtained free of charge] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION   
39.
[ISIN] / [CUSIP]: 
[] 
40.
Common Code: 
[] 
41.
[FISN: 
[]] 
42.
[CFI: 
[]] 
43.
Clearing System(s) and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear] / [[,][and] Clearstream] / [[and] DTC] 
44.
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
45.
Names and addresses of paying agent(s) (if 
any): 
[] 
DISTRIBUTION 
46.
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
47.
Name of Dealer: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
48.
Name of Manager(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
49.
Name of Distributor(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
50.
Name of placer(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
51.
Name of Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
52.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
53.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
54.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into U.S. dollars 
at the rate of [], producing a sum of (for 
Notes not denominated in U.S. dollars): 
[Not Applicable/[U.S.$][]] 
55.
(i) 
Contingent Notes for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes: 
[Yes] / [No]

--- Page 277 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 275 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Address to which a U.S. Holder of 
Contingent Notes can submit a 
request for schedule of projected 
amounts 
of 
payments 
on 
Contingent Notes: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional U.S. federal income 
tax considerations: 
[Not applicable/give details] [The Notes are [not] 
subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under 
Section 871(m).] 11  [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Securities will be available at [●]] 
 
 
 
 
 
11 The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be 
"qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 
1 January 2021. Delta-One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2021 that reference 
a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade 
basis to determine whether they are subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m).

--- Page 278 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 276 -
70-41019079 
 
 
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT  
 
ICBC STANDARD BANK PLC 
 
U.S.$3,500,000,000 
 
Note Issuance Programme 
SERIES NO: [•] 
TRANCHE NO: [•] 
[Brief Description and Amount of Notes] 
 
Issue Price: [•]  per cent. 
 
Pricing Supplement dated [•]

--- Page 279 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 277 -
70-41019079 
 
 
PART A - CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
A pro forma Pricing Supplement for use in connection with Exempt Notes issued under the Programme is 
set out below.  This pro forma is subject to completion and amendment to set out the terms upon which each 
Tranche of Exempt Notes is to be issued. 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH (a) REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
OR (b) REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 AS IT FORMS PART OF DOMESTIC LAW IN THE 
UNITED KINGDOM BY VIRTUE OF THE EUROPEAN UNION (WITHDRAWAL) ACT 2018, IN 
EACH CASE FOR THE ISSUE OF NOTES DESCRIBED IN THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS 
PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA") or 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU, as amended 
("MiFID II"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("IDD"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus 
Regulation"). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA or in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the UK 
may be unlawful under the PRIIP Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565477 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97479, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014480 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA 
(the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II product governance / target market - [appropriate target market legend to be included]] 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, 
as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.

--- Page 280 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 278 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[OPTION 1 (NORMAL ISSUANCE UNDER THE PROGRAMME ON THE BASIS OF THE TERMS 
AND CONDITIONS SET OUT IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 7 July 2021 [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] (together, the "Base 
Prospectus").  This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement of the Notes and must be read in 
conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].  
OPTION 2 (ISSUANCE ON THE BASIS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS FROM EARLIER BASE 
PROSPECTUS OR OFFERING CIRCULAR) 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was 
issued under a [base prospectus] [offering circular] with an earlier date. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
"Conditions") set forth in the base prospectus dated [original date] [and the supplements to it dated [•]] 
which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated [current date]. This Pricing Supplement 
contains the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 
[current date] [and the supplemental Base Prospectus dated [date]] (together, the "Base Prospectus"), save 
in respect of the Conditions which are set forth in the [base prospectus] dated [original date].] 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination 
of this Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. [The Base Prospectus [and the supplemental Base 
Prospectus] [is] [are] available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered office of the 
Issuer which is 20 Gresham Street, London EC2V 7JE or at https://live.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.] 
[This Pricing Supplement is also available for viewing at, and copies may be obtained from, the registered 
office of the Issuer.] 
The Base Prospectus as completed by this Pricing Supplement does not constitute a prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation E(U) 2017/1129 (as amended, the "Prospectus Regulation") and the Notes 
described herein may not be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"), and/or offered to the public in the EEA unless an exemption is available under the Prospectus 
Regulation. No prospectus is required in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation for the issue of Notes 
described in this pricing supplement and the Notes described herein are not compliant with the Prospectus 
Regulation. The Central Bank of Ireland has neither approved nor reviewed this pricing supplement. 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of 
Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital markets 
products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital 
Markets Products) Regulations 2018).] 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Pricing Supplement.] 
1.
Issuer: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
2.
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
[Tranche Number: 
[•]] 
 
(iii) 
[Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable / The Notes shall be consolidated 
to form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [•] on [[•] / the Issue Date 
/ exchange of temporary Global Note for interests in 
the permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 21 below [which is expected to occur on 
or about [•] ]].]

--- Page 281 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 279 -
70-41019079 
 
 
3.
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4.
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series (total): 
[•] 
 
 
[This is the aggregate amount of the series, i.e. 
original issue plus fungible] 
 
(ii) 
[of which Tranche [•]: 
[•]] 
 
 
[This is the amount of the fungible issue only] 
5.
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the case 
of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6.
(i) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[•] 
[[•]  and integral multiples of [•] in excess thereof 
up to and including [•]. [No Notes will be issued 
with a denomination exceeding [•].]] 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7.
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Trade Date 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
8.
Maturity Date: 
[•] [specify date for Fixed Rate, Variable Linked 
Interest or Zero Coupon Notes] or (for Floating 
Rate Notes) [Interest Payment Date falling in [•]] 
[specify the relevant month and year]. 
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[[specify reference rate] +/- [•] per cent. Floating 
Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Variable Linked Interest] 
 
 
(further particulars specified at paragraphs 12, 13, 
14 and 15 below) 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
[Variable Linked Redemption] 
 
 
[Redemption – Pass Through (Standard) 
 
 
[Redemption – Pass Through (FX)] 
 
 
[Redemption – Currency] 
[Redemption – FX Basket] 
 
 
[Redemption – Additional FX Exposure]

--- Page 282 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 280 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[Partly Paid]  
 
 
[Instalment]  
 
 
[Subject to no Credit Event having occurred 
Redemption – CLN shall apply] 
 
 
(further particulars specified at paragraph 19 below) 
11.
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Put] 
 
 
[Call] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified at paragraphs 17 and 
18 below)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
12.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/ monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"]/not adjusted] 
 
(iii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount 
[payable in the equivalent amount of [currency]] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount: 
[Not Applicable] / [[•] per Calculation Amount in 
respect of [specify relevant Interest Accrual 
Period]] 
 
(vii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
 
(viii) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year. [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention]

--- Page 283 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 281 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(x) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
13.
Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date[(s)]: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(v) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination] 
/ 
[ISDA 
Determination] 
/ 
[Rate 
Option 
Annex 
Determination] 
 
(vii) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
the 
Rate(s) 
of 
Interest and Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Calculation Agent): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination 
(Condition 
4.2(c)(ii) 
and/or 
4.2(c)(iv) and/or 4.2(c)(vi)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[LIBOR] / [EURIBOR] / [SONIA] / [SOFR] 
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[] 
 
 
"p" 
[] 
 
 
Specified Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
ISDA 
Determination 
(Condition 4.2(c)(i)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] / [GBP–LIBOR-BBA] / [EUR-EURIBOR-
REUTERS] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] / [Month[s]] / [Year[s]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Reset Date: 
[•] / [The first day of each Interest Accrual Period] 
 
(x) 
Rate 
Option 
Annex 
Determination 
(Condition 
4.2(c)(iii)): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Benchmark Rate: 
[AOA 3m T-Bill] / [AOA 6m T-Bill] / [AOA 12m 
T-Bill] / [BWP 14d BoBC] / [BWP 91d BoBC] /

--- Page 284 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 282 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[MWK 91d T-Bill] / [MWK 182d T-Bill] / [MWK 
364d T-Bill] / [MZN FPC] / [TZS 91d T-Bill] / 
[TZS 182d T-Bill] / [TZS 364d T-Bill] / [UGX 91d 
T-Bill] / [UGX 182d T-Bill] / [UGX 364d T-Bill] / 
[ZMW 3m T-Bill] / [ZMW 6m T-Bill] / [ZMW 1yr 
T-Bill]/[any other rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]  
 
 
Specified Currency: 
[•]  / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[•] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
 
(xv) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
14.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield (Condition 
5.4): 
[[•] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
[Actual/364] / [Actual/252] 
15.
Variable 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Formula: 
[Variable Linked Interest – Standard / Variable 
Linked Interest – Pass Through (Standard) / 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass Through (FX)] 
 
(ii) 
Variable Linked Interest – 
Standard: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Rate: 
[•]

--- Page 285 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 283 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
FX Rate (0): 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date [(s)]: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass 
Through (Standard): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
 
Pass 
Through 
Proportion (Interest): 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Variable Linked Interest – Pass 
Through (FX): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]  
 
 
Pass 
Through 
Proportion (Interest): 
[•] per cent.

--- Page 286 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 284 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Date: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Additional 
Accrued 
Interest Proportion: 
[•] per cent. 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date [(s)]: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]] 
 
(v) 
Variable Linked Interest – FX 
Basket: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Currencies: 
 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
 
 
 
Valuation Date(s): 
 
 
 
Currency Basket: 
Currency Fxi(0) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency Fxi(T) 
Weight Wi 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
(vi) 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Interest Payment Date[(s)]: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Interest Period Date[(s)]: 
[] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 287 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 285 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(ix) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Business Day Convention] / 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [Modified 
Following Business Day Convention] / [Preceding 
Business Day Convention] 
 
(x) 
Business Centre(s) (Condition 
4.10): 
[•] 
 
(xi) 
Minimum Interest Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Maximum Interest Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction (Condition 
4.10): 
[Actual/365] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual-ISDA] 
/ 
[Actual/365(Fixed)] / [Actual/360] / [30/360] / 
[360/360] / [Bond Basis] / [30E/360] / [Eurobond 
Basis] / [30E/360 (ISDA)] / [Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
/ [Actual/364] / [Actual/252] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Determination 
Date(s) 
(Condition 4.10): 
[•] in each year [Insert regular interest payment 
dates, ignoring issue date or maturity date in the 
case of a long or short first or last coupon. N.B. only 
relevant 
where 
Day 
Count 
Fraction 
is 
Actual/Actual-ICMA] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DUAL CURRENCY NOTES 
16.
Dual Currency Note Provisions: 
[Applicable in respect of payments of [interest] 
[and] [principal]] / [Not Applicable] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions are 
applicable only to interest OR principal) 
[Interest: [•]; Principal: [•]] (Use if Dual Currency 
Note provisions are applicable to interest AND 
principal) 
 
(ii) 
Valuation Date[(s)]: 
[•] (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions are 
applicable only to interest OR principal) 
[Interest: [•]; Principal: [•]] (Use if Dual Currency 
Note provisions are applicable to interest AND 
principal) 
 
(iii) 
[Settlement 
Rate 
Option]/[Exchange rate (as per 
the definition of "Settlement 
Rate")]: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] /[EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]] (Use if Dual Currency 
Note provisions are applicable only to interest OR 
principal) 
 
 
[Interest: [FX and Currency Option Determination: 
[insert relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 
1998 FX and Currency Option Definitions]] /

--- Page 288 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 286 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any  rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]]; Principal: [FX and 
Currency Option Determination: [insert relevant 
term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 FX and 
Currency Option Definitions]] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Issuer 
Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] / [Rate Option 
Annex Determination – Settlement Option Rate: 
[any rate specified in the Rate Option Annex]] / [any 
other rate]]] (Use if Dual Currency Note provisions 
are applicable to interest AND principal) 
 
 
[specify the rate, if relevant] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.
Call Option: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination] / [Early 
Redemption Percentage: [•]] /[The fair market value 
of the Reference Obligation(s) converted (where 
applicable) into the Settlement Currency, adjusted 
downward to take account fully for all costs, losses 
or expenses incurred by the Issuer as a result of 
terminating, 
liquidating, 
obtaining 
or 
re-
establishing any related hedge position, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion] / [Not Applicable]  
 
 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Redeemable in part: 
[Yes/No] 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
nominal 
amount 
to 
be 
redeemed: 
[•] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•]  / [Not Applicable] 
18.
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[•] per Note of [•] Specified Denomination] / [Early 
Redemption Percentage: [•]] / [The fair market 
value of the Reference Obligation(s) converted 
(where applicable) into the Settlement Currency,

--- Page 289 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 287 -
70-41019079 
 
 
adjusted downward to take account fully for all 
costs, losses or expenses incurred by the Issuer as a 
result of terminating, liquidating, obtaining or re-
establishing any related hedge position, all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole 
discretion] / [Not Applicable]  
 
 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
[•]  / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Office of the Issuer (if 
different from that set out in the 
Conditions): 
[•]  / [Not Applicable] 
19.
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
 
 
(i) 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[Formula: [Redemption – Pass Through (Standard)] 
/ [Redemption – Pass Through (FX)] / [Redemption 
– FX Basket] / [Redemption – Additional FX 
Exposure] 
/ 
[Redemption 
(Currency)] 
/ 
[Redemption – CLN]] / [100 per cent. of each 
Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex: [Applicable/Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Emerging Markets Equity Linked Derivatives 
Annex: Not Applicable 
 
 
[Hedging Disruption Amount: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable]] 
 
(ii) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•]  per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Redemption – Pass Through 
(Standard): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•] 
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [ Not Applicable]  
 
 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Pass 
Through 
(Redemption): 
[•]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 290 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 288 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(v) 
Redemption – Pass Through 
(FX): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Obligation: 
[•] 
 
 
Specified 
Nominal 
Amount: 
[•]  
(This should be an aggregate amount and not a per 
note amount) 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [ Not Applicable] 
 
 
- 
Instalment 
Date(s): 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
(if 
Amortising 
Reference 
Obligation 
is 
applicable, include Valuation Date(s) in respect of 
each Instalment Date and the Maturity Date) 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] / [EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]] 
 
 
Pass 
Through 
Proportion 
(Redemption): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Redemption (Currency): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
FX Rate (0): 
[•] 
 
 
Reference Obligation 
Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement 
Rate 
Option: 
[FX and Currency Option Determination: [insert 
relevant term from 4.5/4.6 of Annex A of the 1998 
FX and Currency Option Definitions]] /[EMTA 
Determination: [insert relevant term for non-
deliverable forward transactions published by the 
Emerging 
Markets 
Trading 
Association]/ 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement

--- Page 291 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 289 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Rate] / [Issuer Discretion] / [Reference Dealer Poll] 
/ [Rate Option Annex Determination – Settlement 
Option Rate: [any rate specified in the Rate Option 
Annex]] / [any other rate]]] 
 
 
Additional Deduction 
Amount 
(Redemption): 
[Applicable. [The Maximum Aggregate Additional 
Deduction Amount is [[•]]] / [[[•]] per cent. per 
annum of the nominal amount of the Reference 
Obligation]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Redemption – Pass Through FX 
Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Specified FX Option: 
[•] 
 
(viii) 
Redemption – Additional FX 
Exposure: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
FX 
Currency 
Performance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  Fxi(0): 
[•] 
 
(b)  Fxi(T): 
[•] 
 
(c)  Additional FX 
Exposure 
Notional 
Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
OTC 
Contract 
Performance: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  OTC Contract: 
[•] 
 
(b)  Notional amount 
of OTC Contract: 
[•] 
 
(c)  Redemption upon 
Contract Termination 
Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
- Notice Period 
[•] 
 
 
Additional 
FX 
Exposure Trigger: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this sub-paragraph) 
 
(a)  Additional FX 
Exposure Trigger: 
[•] 
 
(b)  Trigger Reference 
Date[(s)]: 
[[•]/[Each Business Day from and including [•] to 
and including [•]]

--- Page 292 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 290 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(c)  Additional FX 
Exposure 
Trigger 
Notice Period: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date(s) 
[•] 
 
 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(for 
the 
purpose of Condition 
5.1(c)(vi) 
[•]/ [The fair market value of the Reference 
Obligation(s) converted (where applicable) into the 
Settlement Currency, adjusted downward to take 
account fully for all costs, losses or expenses 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of terminating, 
liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any related 
hedge position, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion.] 
 
(ix) 
Redemption – FX Basket: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
 
Reference Currencies: 
[•] 
 
 
Settlement Currency: 
[•] 
 
 
Valuation Date: 
[•] 
 
 
Currency Basket: 
Currency Fxi(0) 
Weighti 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
 
 
 
Currency Fxi(T) 
Weighti 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
 
 
[•] 
[•] 
20.
Early Redemption: 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
of each Note payable on 
occurrence of a Specified Event 
(Condition 5.2) (if applicable), 
redemption for taxation reasons 
(Condition 5.3) or an event of 
default (Condition 10): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] / [Condition 5.4(a) shall 
apply] / [The fair market value of the Reference 
Obligation(s) converted (where applicable) into the 
Settlement Currency, adjusted downward to take 
account fully for all costs, losses or expenses 
incurred by the Issuer as a result of terminating, 
liquidating, obtaining or re-establishing any related 
hedge position, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent in its sole discretion] 
FX Break Costs adjustments: [Applicable / Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Notice period in relation to a 
Tax 
Termination 
Event 
if 
[•] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 293 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 291 -
70-41019079 
 
 
different to that set out in 
Condition 5.3(b): 
 
(iii) 
Unmatured Coupons to become 
void upon early redemption 
(Bearer Notes only) (Condition 
6.6): 
[Yes] /[No] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Specified Event Linked Notes: 
[Yes (If applicable, select "Credit Event" and/or 
"Disruption Event" and use wording in the sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph below ] / [No] (If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this sub-paragraph) 
 
 
Specified Event: 
[Credit Event] / [[and] Disruption Event] 
 
 
Settlement 
Basis 
(following a Specified 
Event): 
[[Cash Settlement] / [Auction Settlement] / 
[Physical Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the [Credit Linked 
Derivatives 
Annex][Currency 
Annex])] 
/ 
[Settlement Method at Issuer Option – The 
following are applicable for election: [Auction 
Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the Credit Linked 
Derivatives Annex)] (specify two)]] (Auction 
Settlement and Settlement Method at Issuer Option 
are only possible in respect of Credit Events) 
 
 
(Use wording below if both Credit Event and 
Disruption Event are applicable) 
 
 
[Credit Event: [Cash Settlement] / [Auction 
Settlement] / [Physical Settlement (asset(s) to be 
delivered: [•] [as determined in accordance with the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex)] / [Settlement 
Method at Issuer Option – The following are 
applicable for election: [Auction Settlement] / 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement (asset(s) to 
be delivered: [•] [as determined in accordance with 
the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex)] (specify 
two)] 
 
 
Disruption Event: [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement (asset(s) to be delivered: [•] [as 
determined in accordance with the Currency 
Annex)]] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
21.
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] / [Registered Notes] 
 
(i) 
Temporary 
or 
Permanent 
Global Note/Certificate: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note]

--- Page 294 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 292 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice] 
 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on [•] days' notice/at any time/in 
the 
limited 
circumstances 
specified 
in 
the 
Permanent Global Note] 
[NB: The exchange upon notice/at any time options 
should not be expressed to be applicable if the 
Specified Denomination of the Notes includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
"€100,000 and integral multiples of €1,000 in 
excess thereof up to and including €199,000". 
Furthermore, 
such 
Specified 
Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any 
issuance of Notes which is to be represented on 
issue by a Permanent Bearer Global Notes 
exchangeable for Definitive Note] 
 
 
Registered Notes: 
 
 
[Unrestricted Global Certificate exchangeable for 
unrestricted 
Certificates 
in 
the 
limited 
circumstances specified in the Unrestricted Global 
Certificate] 
 
 
[and] 
 
 
[Restricted Global Certificate exchangeable for 
Restricted Certificates in the limited circumstances 
specified in the Restricted Global Note Certificate] 
 
(ii) 
Applicable TEFRA Exemption: 
[C Rules] / [D Rules] / [TEFRA: Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Transfer of Registered Notes 
only permitted with the prior 
written consent of the Issuer: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
22.
Details relating to Partly Paid Notes: 
amount of each payment comprising the 
Issue Price and date on which each 
payment is to be made and consequences 
(if any) of failure to pay, including any 
right of the Issuer to forfeit the Notes and 
interest due on late payment: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
23.
Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s): 
[•]12 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
[•] 
 
(iii) 
Minimum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
 
12 
If the Instalment Amount is currency-linked, also specify currency of payment and the exchange rate.   
Where applicable, the Settlement Rate or the Settlement Rate Option (including the details required to 
define the Settlement Rate Option) should be specified here.  Also specify if FX Break Costs are to 
apply, as they are presumed not to apply to Instalment Amounts.

--- Page 295 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 293 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(iv) 
Maximum Instalment Amount: 
[•] 
 
 
 
24.
Additional Deduction Amount: 
[Applicable. [The Maximum Aggregate Additional 
Deduction Amount is [●]] / [[●] per cent. per annum 
of the nominal amount of the Reference 
Obligation]] / [Not Applicable] 
25.
Financial Centre(s) (Condition 6.8): 
[Not Applicable] [•] 
26.
Talons for future Coupons to be attached 
to Definitive Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes: [•]] (If yes, give details) / [No] / [Not 
Applicable] 
27.
Registrar: 
[•] 
28.
Calculation Agent: 
[ICBC Standard Bank Plc] / [•]  
29.
CREDIT LINKED PROVISIONS 
Provisions of the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) Reference Entity(ies): 
Reference 
Entity: 
Transactio
n Type: 
Addition
al 
Provision
s: 
Physical 
Settlement 
Matrix: 
[] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable] 
[] / [Not 
Applicabl
e] 
[] / [Not 
Applicable
] 
 
 
(ii) 
LPN Reference Entity: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Financial 
Reference 
Entity 
Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Subordinated 
European 
Insurance Terms: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Standard Reference Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(vi) 
Seniority Level: 
[Senior Level] / [Subordinated Level] 
 
(vii) 
Reference Obligation(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] / [As specified under 
paragraph [15(iii)/15(iv)/19(iv)/19(v)] above] 
 
(viii) 
Applicable Credit Events: 
[[Bankruptcy] / [Failure to Pay] / [Governmental 
Intervention] 
/ 
[Obligation 
Acceleration] 
/ 
[Obligation Default] / [Repudiation/Moratorium] / 
[Restructuring]] 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 296 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 294 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Applicable 
Credit 
Events: 
[] 
[Bankruptcy] / [Failure 
to 
Pay] 
/ 
[Governmental 
Intervention] 
/ 
[Obligation 
Acceleration] 
/ 
[Obligation Default] / 
[Repudiation/Moratori
um] / [Restructuring]] 
 
 
 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Grace 
Period 
Extension: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Grace 
Period 
(applicable 
under 
paragraph (b) of the 
definition thereof): 
[[] calendar days] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Grace Period: 
[] 
[[] calendar days] / 
[Not Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[U.S.$ 1,000,000] / [Zero] / [] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Payment 
Requirement: 
[] 
[U.S.$ 1,000,000] / 
[Zero] / []] 
 
 
 
Restructuring Type: 
[No Restructuring] / [Restructuring] / [Modified 
Restructuring Applicable] / [Modified Modified 
Restructuring Applicable] 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity)

--- Page 297 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 295 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
[Reference Entity: 
Restructuring Type: 
[] 
[No Restructuring] / 
[Restructuring] 
/ 
[Modified 
Restructuring 
Applicable] 
/ 
[Modified 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Multiple 
Holder 
Obligation: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity 
Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Modified 
Restructuring 
Maturity Limitation 
and 
Conditionally 
Transferable 
Obligation: 
[] 
[Applicable] / [Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(ix) 
Scheduled Termination Date: 
[] 
 
(x) 
Notice of Publicly Available 
Information 
applicable 
to 
Conditions to Settlement: 
[Yes] / [No] 
 
(xi) 
Settlement Method: 
[Auction Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement] / [Settlement Method at Issuer Option – 
The following are applicable for election: [Auction 
Settlement] / [Cash Settlement] / [Physical 
Settlement] (specify two)] 
 
(xii) 
Fallback Settlement Method: 
[Cash Settlement] / [Physical Settlement] / 
[Fallback Settlement Method at Issuer Option] 
 
(xiii) 
Auction Settlement Amount: 
[] / [As per Condition 5.2E(b)(ii)] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 298 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 296 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(xiv) 
Cash Settlement Amount: 
[] / [As per Condition 5.2F(b)(ii)] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Cash Settlement at Maturity: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xvi) 
Valuation Time: 
[] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xvii) 
Valuation Obligation: 
[•] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xviii) Quotation Amount: 
[] / [Reference Entity Notional Amount] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Quotation Amount: 
[] 
[] / [Reference Entity 
Notional Amount]] 
 
 
(xix) 
Minimum Quotation Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Minimum Quotation 
Amount: 
[] 
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(xx) 
Physical Settlement Period: 
[[] Business Days] / [As per the Definition set out 
in the Credit Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxi) 
Partial Cash Settlement Date: 
[] / [As per the Definition set out in the Credit 
Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxii) 
Accrued Interest: 
[Exclude Accrued Interest] / [Include Accrued 
Interest] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxiii) Reference Price: 
[[] per cent.] / [As per the Definition set out in the 
Credit Linked Derivatives Annex] 
 
(xxiv) Reference 
Entity 
Notional 
Amount: 
[] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Reference Entity 
Notional Amount: 
[] 
[]] 
 
 
 
Amortising Reference 
Obligation: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 299 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 297 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(xxv) 
All Guarantees: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
All Guarantees: 
[] 
[Applicable] 
/ 
[Not 
Applicable]] 
 
 
(xxvi) Substitution 
of 
Reference 
Entities under Condition 5.2K 
(Succession Event)): 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxvii) Participation CLN: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this sub-
paragraph) 
 
- 
Default Requirement: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference Entity: 
Default 
Requirement: 
[] 
[] / [Not Applicable]] 
 
 
(xxviii) Credit Event Backstop Date: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxix) Adjustment 
of 
Limitation 
Dates: 
[Not Applicable] / [Subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the [Floating Rate / Following / 
Modified Following / Preceding] Business Day 
Convention] 
 
Obligation Category: 
 
- 
Derivatives 
               Obligation: 
- 
SFT Obligation: 
[Payment] / [Borrowed Money] / [Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] / [Loan] / [Bond or 
Loan] 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Obligation Category: 
[] 
[Payment] 
/ 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
/ 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] 
/ [Loan] / [Bond or Loan]]

--- Page 300 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 298 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(xxx) 
Obligation Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] / [Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and the] Standard Specified Currencies]] / [Not 
Sovereign Lender] / [Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means []] / [Not Domestic 
Law] / [Listed] / [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional 
Obligation(s): []] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
/ 
[Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and 
the] 
Standard 
Specified Currencies]] / 
[Not Sovereign Lender] / 
[Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means 
[]] / [Not Domestic Law] / 
[Listed] / [Not Domestic 
Issuance] 
/ 
[Excluded 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional Obligation(s): 
[]]] 
 
 
(xxxi) Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[Payment] / [Borrowed Money] / [Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] / [Loan] / [Bond or 
Loan] 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Category: 
[] 
[Payment] 
/ 
[Borrowed 
Money] 
/ 
[Reference 
Obligations Only] / [Bond] 
/ [Loan] / [Bond or Loan]] 
 
 
(xxxii) Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[Not Subordinated] /[Specified Currency: [] / [[and 
the] Standard Specified Currencies]] / [Not 
Sovereign Lender] / [Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means []] / [Not Domestic 
Law] / [Listed] / [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Assignable Loan] / [Consent Required Loan] / 
[Transferable] / [Maximum Maturity: []] / 
[Accelerated or Matured] / [Not Bearer] / [Direct 
Loan Participation: Qualifying Participation Seller: 
[]] / [Excluded Deliverable Obligation(s): []] / 
[Additional Deliverable Obligation(s): []] / [Not 
Applicable]

--- Page 301 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 299 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
 
(Use table below if there is more than one Reference 
Entity) 
 
 
[Reference 
Entity: 
Deliverable 
Obligation 
Characteristics: 
[] 
[Not 
Subordinated] 
/[Specified Currency: [] / 
[[and 
the] 
Standard 
Specified Currencies]] / 
[Not Sovereign Lender] / 
[Not Domestic Currency 
(Domestic Currency means 
[]] / [Not Domestic Law] / 
[Listed] / [Not Contingent] 
/ [Not Domestic Issuance] / 
[Assignable 
Loan] 
/ 
[Consent Required Loan] / 
[Transferable] / [Maximum 
Maturity: 
[]] 
/ 
[Accelerated or Matured] / 
[Not Bearer] / [Direct Loan 
Participation: 
Qualifying 
Participation Seller: []] / 
[Excluded 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): 
[]] 
/ 
[Additional 
Deliverable 
Obligation(s): []] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
(xxxiii) Trigger Level: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xxxiv)  Narrowly 
Tailored 
Credit 
Event: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
- Fallback Discounting: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
- 
Credit 
Deterioration 
Requirement: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
30.
CURRENCY PROVISIONS 
Provisions of the Currency Annex: [Applicable] / 
[Not Applicable] (If not applicable, delete the 
remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
PART A – Specified Terms for Disruption Fallbacks 
 
(i) 
Fallback Reference Price: 
[insert alternative Settlement Rate Option(s)] 
 
(ii) 
Event Currency: 
[Reference Currency] / [] 
 
(iii) 
Reference Currency: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Currency 
Reference 
Dealer 
Specified Time: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Local Asset: 
[] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 302 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 300 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Physical Settlement Date: 
[[] Business Days after the date of delivery of the 
Notice of Physical Settlement] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Latest 
Permissible 
Physical 
Settlement Date: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Reference Dealers and their 
respective Specified Offices: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Specified Amount: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Specified Company: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Specified Rate: 
[Reference Currency [bid/offer] exchange rate] / 
[Average of the Reference Currency bid and offer 
exchange rates] / [Settlement Currency [bid/offer] 
exchange rate] / [Average of the Settlement 
Currency offer exchange rates] / [Official fixing 
rate] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Specified Time: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Valuation Date: 
[][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
[Floating Rate / Following / Modified Following / 
Preceding] Business Day Convention] 
 
(xiv) 
Relevant Affiliate(s): 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
PART B – Disruption Event Terms 
 
Disruption Events 
 
 
(i) 
Applicable Disruption Events: 
[Settlement/Custodial 
Event] 
[Benchmark 
Obligation Default] [Dual Exchange Rate] 
[General 
Inconvertibility] 
[General 
Non-
Transferability] 
[Governmental 
Authority 
Default] 
[Illiquidity] 
[Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstance] 
[Nationalisation] 
[Price 
Materiality] [Price Source Disruption] [Specific 
Inconvertibility] [Specific Non-Transferability] 
[Index 
Cessation 
Event] 
[Administrator/Benchmark 
Event] 
[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Order of remedy of Disruption 
Events if other than that set out in 
the Currency Annex: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
Disruption Fallbacks 
 
 
(i) 
Settlement/Custodial Event: 
[Assignment of Claim against Custodian - 
Benchmark Obligation: [insert description of 
Benchmark Obligation]] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Benchmark Obligation Default: 
[Local Asset Substitute – Gross - Benchmark 
Obligation(s): Specified Value: [outstanding 
principal balance (as valued on the Settlement 
Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / [the face 
value] / [the market value (as valued on the 
Settlement 
Date)] 
/ 
[]] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation

--- Page 303 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 301 -
70-41019079 
 
 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / 
[Currency Substitute] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Benchmark Obligation(s): 
 
 
Primary Obligor: [] 
 
 
Type of Instrument: [] 
 
 
Currency of Denomination: [] 
 
 
Coupon: [] 
 
 
Maturity Date: [] 
 
 
BB Number: [] 
 
 
Face Value: [] 
 
(iii) 
Dual Exchange Rate: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
General Inconvertibility: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
General Non-Transferability: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Governmental Authority Default: 
[Local Asset Substitute-Gross – Benchmark 
Obligation(s): [insert description of Benchmark 
Obligation]: 
Specified 
Value: 
[outstanding 
principal balance (as valued on the Settlement 
Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / [the face 
value] / [the market value (as valued on the 
Settlement 
Date)] 
/ 
[]] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Illiquidity: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum Amount: [] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
Illiquidity Valuation Date (if applicable): [] / 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
Material 
Change 
in 
Circumstance: 
[Early Redemption] / [Fallback Reference Price] / 
[Calculation Agent Determination of Settlement 
Rate] 
/ 
[Local 
Asset 
Substitute-Gross 
– 
Benchmark Obligation(s): [insert description of 
Benchmark 
Obligation]: 
Specified 
Value:

--- Page 304 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 302 -
70-41019079 
 
 
[outstanding principal balance (as valued on the 
Settlement Date)] / [the stated principal balance] / 
[the face value] / [the market value (as valued on 
the Settlement Date)] / []] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Nationalisation: 
[Settlement Postponement: Maximum Days of 
Disruption: []] / [Assignment of Claim] / 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Price Materiality: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Primary Rate: [] [Specify rate for each Settlement 
Rate Option to which it applies] 
 
 
Secondary Rate: [] [Specify rate for each 
Settlement Rate Option to which it applies] 
 
 
Price Materiality Percentage: [] per cent. [Specify 
rate for each Settlement Rate Option to which it 
applies] 
 
(xi) 
Price Source Disruption: 
[Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation Agent 
Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xii) 
Specific Inconvertibility: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
 
Minimum Amount: [] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Specific Non-Transferability: 
[Currency 
Substitute] 
/ 
[Settlement 
Postponement: Maximum Days of Disruption: 
[]] / [Fallback Reference Price] / [Calculation 
Agent Determination of Settlement Rate] / [Not 
Applicable] 
31 
FUND  LINKED PROVISIONS 
Provisions 
of 
the 
Fund 
Linked 
Annex: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] (If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Fund(s): 
(including information on where 
the net asset value is published): 
[] 
Name of Fund 
Weighting 
Information 
on where the 
net asset value 
is 
published
 
[] 
[] 
[] 
 
(ii)          Fund Manager 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Initial Subscription Price: 
[]

--- Page 305 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 303 -
70-41019079 
 
 
 
(iv)         Subscription Date: 
[] 
 
(v) 
Additional Disruption Event: 
[The following Additional Disruption Events 
apply: 
[Change in Law] / [Hedging Disruption] / 
[Increased Cost of Hedging] / [Extraordinary 
Fund Event]  [other - give details] [Not 
applicable]] 
 
(vi) 
Additional provisions for Fund 
Linked Notes: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Valuation Date: 
[] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By:  ........................................................................... 
Duly authorised

--- Page 306 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 304 -
70-41019079 
 
 
PART B — OTHER INFORMATION 
31.
Listing 
 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[•] / [Not Applicable]  
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [] with effect from [] / 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[] 
32.
Ratings 
 
 
Ratings: 
[•]/[The Notes will not be rated.] 
33.
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material 
to the offer.] / [] 
34.
[Reasons for the Offer, Estimated Net Proceeds and Total Expenses 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] / [General funding] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(See ["Use of Proceeds"] wording in Base 
Prospectus — if reasons for offer different from 
making profit and/or hedging certain risks will 
need to include those reasons here) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses, state amount and sources of other 
funding) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
35.
[Fixed Rate Notes only - YIELD 
 
Indication of yield: 
[] 
 
 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield] 
36.
[Dual Currency Notes and other FX linked Notes only – PERFORMANCE OF RATE(S) 
OF EXCHANGE 
 
Need to include details of where past and future performance and volatility of the relevant 
rate[s] can be obtained] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION   
37.
[ISIN] / [CUSIP]: 
[•] 
38.
Common Code: 
[•] 
39.
[FISN: 
[•]]

--- Page 307 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 305 -
70-41019079 
 
 
40.
[CFI: 
[•]] 
41.
Clearing System(s) and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Euroclear] / [[,][and] Clearstream] / [[and] DTC] 
42.
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
43.
Names and addresses of paying agent(s) (if 
any): 
[•] 
DISTRIBUTION 
44.
Method of distribution: 
Non-syndicated 
45.
Name of Dealer: 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
46.
Name of Manager(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
47.
Name of Distributor(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
48.
Name of placer(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
49.
Name of Stabilisation Manager(s): 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
50.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
51.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable] 
GENERAL 
52.
The aggregate principal amount of Notes 
issued has been translated into U.S. dollars 
at the rate of [•], producing a sum of (for 
Notes not denominated in U.S. dollars): 
[Not Applicable/[U.S.$] [•]] 
53.
(i) 
Contingent Notes for U.S. federal 
income tax purposes: 
[Yes] / [No] 
 
(ii) 
Address to which a U.S. Holder of 
Contingent Notes can submit a 
request for schedule of projected 
amounts 
of 
payments 
on 
Contingent Notes: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(iii) 
Additional 
U.S. 
federal 
 
income               tax 
considerations 
[Not applicable/give details] [The Notes are [not] 
subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under 
Section 871(m)]. 13  [Additional information 
regarding the application of Section 871(m) to the 
Securities will be available at [●]] 
 
13 The Notes should not be subject to U.S. federal withholding tax under Section 871(m), if they (i) do not 
reference any U.S. equity or any index that contains any U.S. equity (ii) reference indices considered to be 
"qualified indices" for purposes of Section 871(m) or (iii) are Non-Delta-One Notes and are issued prior to 
1 January 2021. Delta-One Notes and Non-Delta-One Notes issued on or after 1 January 2021 that reference 
a U.S. equity or index that contains any U.S. equity are subject to additional testing on a trade-by-trade 
basis to determine whether they are subject to U.S. federal withholding taxunder Section 871(m).

--- Page 308 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 306 -
70-41019079 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1. 
The establishment of the Programme and issue of the Notes under the Programme was duly 
approved by a resolution of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed 
on 6 February 2004. The most recent increase of the Programme size was duly approved by a 
resolution of the Executive Committee of the Board of Directors of the Issuer passed on 30 July 
2008. The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations under the laws 
of England in connection with the issue of the Notes and performance of its obligations under the 
Notes. 
2. 
Except as disclosed in "Business Description of ICBC Standard Bank Plc – Legal Proceedings" 
on page 192 of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not been involved in any governmental, legal 
or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of 
which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which 
may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the financial position or profitability 
of the Issuer or the Issuer and its consolidated subsidiaries taken together. 
3. 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the 
Issuer which has occurred since 31 December 2020 and no material adverse change in the 
prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
4. 
The Issuer does not intend to provide to Noteholders any post-issuance information regarding the 
Notes. 
5. 
The Notes in bearer form and the related Coupons (if any) will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
United States Internal Revenue Code". 
6. 
Each Restricted Global Certificate and each Certificate issued in exchange for a beneficial interest 
in a Restricted Global Certificate will bear a legend applicable to purchasers who purchase the 
Registered Notes in the United States as described under "Transfer Restrictions". 
7. 
KPMG LLP ("KPMG") have audited, and rendered an unqualified audit report on, the accounts 
of the Issuer for the two years ended 31 December 2020. The consolidated, audited annual 
financial statements ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 (including any auditor's report thereon) 
of the Issuer are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. KPMG are members of the 
Institute of Chartered Accountants. On 26 April 2021, the Issuer appointed Deloitte LLP as its 
external auditor in respect of the financial year ending 31 December 2021.   
8. 
It is expected that each Tranche of Notes which is to be admitted to the Official List and admitted 
to trading on Euronext Dublin will be admitted separately as and when issued, subject only to the 
issue of a Global Note or Certificate or Notes initially representing the Notes of such Tranche. 
However, Exempt Notes may also be issued pursuant to the Programme. 
9. 
For so long as Notes may be issued pursuant to this Base Prospectus and for so long as any listed 
Notes remain outstanding, the following documents will be available in electronic format, during 
usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and public holidays excepted), for inspection at 
the registered office of the Issuer: 
(a) Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer (as the same may be updated from 
time 
to 
time) 
(available 
at: 
https://beta.companieshouse.gov.uk/company/02130447/filing-history?page=2); 
(b) the audited annual accounts of the Issuer for the two years ended 31 December 2019 and 
31 December 2020; 
(c) a copy of this Base Prospectus, supplemental base prospectus or any other document 
required or permitted to be published by the rules of Euronext Dublin; 
(d) each Final Terms for Notes which are listed and admitted to trading on Euronext Dublin; 
and

--- Page 309 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 307 -
70-41019079 
 
 
(e) the Deed of Covenant available at: https://www.icbcstandard.com/ICBC/海外分行/工银
标准/en/AboutUs/RegulatoryDisclosures/Overview/overview.htm. 
10. 
For 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus will also be available 
at the website of the Euronext Dublin. 
11. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus 
after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
12. 
It is expected by the Issuer that all Bearer Notes and Registered Notes will be accepted for 
clearance through Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or DTC. The address of Euroclear is 1 
Boulevard du Roi Albert 11, B 1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy L 1855 Luxembourg. The address of DTC is 55 Water 
Street, New York, NY 10041-0099, United States of America. 
13. 
Each Tranche of Notes will be allocated an International Securities Identification Number 
("ISIN"), Common Code, Financial Instrument Short Name ("FISN"), Classification of Financial 
Instruments ("CFI") code and/or other securities identifier, which may be contained in the Final 
Terms relating thereto. A CUSIP will be allocated to Rule 144A Notes. Notes issued in Series 
comprising more than one Tranche may be assigned a temporary ISIN and Common Code or other 
securities identifier on issue. 
14. 
The Legal Entity Identifier ("LEI") code of the Issuer is F01VVKN4DRF2NWKGQ283. 
15. 
The 
Issuer's 
website 
is 
www.icbcstandardbank.com/ICBC/%E6%B5%B7%E5%A4%96%E5%88%86%E8%A1%8C/%
E5%B7%A5%E9%93%B6%E6%A0%87%E5%87%86/en/AboutUs/Overview/overview.htm. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on 
any website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 310 ---
10205700725-v9 
- 308 -
70-41019079 
 
ISSUER 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London 
EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
DEALER 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London 
EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
ISSUE AND PAYING AGENT 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London 
EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
LISTING AGENT FOR THE PROGRAMME 
Maples and Calder (Ireland) LLP 
75 St. Stephen's Green 
Dublin 2 
Ireland 
CALCULATION AGENT 
REGISTRAR 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London 
EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
ICBC Standard Bank Plc 
20 Gresham Street 
London 
EC2V 7JE 
United Kingdom 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER AS TO ENGLISH LAW 
Clifford Chance LLP 
10 Upper Bank Street 
London E14 5JJ 
United Kingdom 
AUDITORS 
(In respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020)
KPMG LLP 
15 Canada Square 
London E14 5GL 
United Kingdom 
 
(In respect of the financial year ended 31 December 2021) 
Deloitte LLP 
1 Little New Street 
London EC4A 3TR 
United Kingdom