--- Page 1 ---
1 
 
 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Euro 10,000,000,000 Covered Bond (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) Programme 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Italy and registered at the Companies' Registry of 
Rome under registration number 15231571009) 
Except where specified otherwise, capitalised words and expressions in this Base Prospectus have the meaning 
given to them in the section entitled "Glossary". 
Under this Euro 10,000,000,000 covered bond programme (the "Programme"), Iccrea Banca S.p.A. ("Iccrea" 
or the "Issuer") may from time to time issue European covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite 
europee) (the "Covered Bonds") denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described herein). Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor") has guaranteed payments of interest and 
principal under the Covered Bonds pursuant to a guarantee (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") which is 
collateralised by a pool of assets (the "Cover Pool") made up of a portfolio of mortgage loans assigned to the 
Guarantor by the Sellers and certain other assets held by the Guarantor, including funds generated by the 
portfolio and such assets. Recourse against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is limited to the 
Cover Pool. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), which is the competent authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the 
Regulation (UE) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. By approving a prospectus, in accordance with Article 20 of the Prospectus Regulation 
and Article 6 (4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019, the CSSF does not 
engage in respect of the economic or financial opportunity of the operation or the quality and solvency of the 
issuer.  
The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. In this context: (i) the approval of this Base Prospectus 
by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and/or the quality 
of the securities that are the subject of this Base Prospectus, and (ii) investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities subject of this Base Prospectus. The requirement to 
publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in 
the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1.4 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
Application has been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months 
from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 
2014/65/EU.  
Covered Bonds will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in 
the applicable Final Terms document (the "Final Terms"), for financing or refinancing green, social or 
sustainable projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital 
Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles 
("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")).  
The Covered Bonds will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may be issued in one or more 
tranches (each, a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in 
relation thereto in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date of approval in relation to Covered Bonds which are 
to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA. The obligation to supplement this Base 
Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply 
when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
The Programme also permits Covered Bonds to be issued on the basis that (i) they will be admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation by such other or further competent authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation 
systems as may be agreed with the Issuer or (ii) they will not be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
An investment in Covered Bonds issued under the Programme involves certain risks. See the section entitled 
"Risk Factors" of this Base Prospectus for a discussion of certain risks and other factors to be considered in 
connection with an investment in the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in dematerialised form and will be held on behalf of their ultimate owners by 
Monte Titoli S.p.A. whose registered office is in Milan, at Piazza degli Affari, No.6, Italy ("Monte Titoli") for 
the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Monte Titoli will also act as depository for Euroclear 
Bank S.A./N.V., 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Bruxelles as operator of the Euroclear System 
("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking, société anonyme, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855, Luxembourg 
("Clearstream"). The Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form will at all times be held in book entry form 
and title to the Covered Bonds will be evidenced by book-entries in accordance with the provisions of 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented (the "Financial Law") and 
implementing regulations and with the joint regulation of the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018 and published in the Official Gazette No. 201 of 30 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
Interest amounts payable under the Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR in each case 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets 
Institute (“EMMI”, as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s (“ESMA”) register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained pursuant to 
article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, if rated, is expected to be assigned, unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, a rating as specified in the relevant Final Terms by any rating 
agency which may be appointed from time to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or 
for the remaining duration of the Programme, to the extent that any rating agency at the relevant time provides

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
ratings in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds. Whether or not the credit rating applied for in relation to 
relevant Series of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended, 
the “EU CRA Regulation”) or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom (“UK”) and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK CRA Regulation”) or 
by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
The credit ratings included or referred to in this Base Prospectus have been issued by Moody’s Italia S.r.l. 
("Moody's”) which is established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation as set 
out in the list of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets Authority on its website (“ESMA”) pursuant to the EU CRA 
Regulation 
(for 
more 
information 
please 
visit 
the 
ESMA 
webpage 
https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk).  
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the European 
Union which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning Rating Agency. Please refer to the ESMA webpage 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registeredand-certified-CRAs in order to consult the updated list of 
registered credit rating agencies. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in 
this Base Prospectus. 
Amounts payable on Covered Bonds may be calculated by reference to the Reference Rate specified in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Arrangers  
BARCLAYS  
ICCREA BANCA S.p.A.  
Dealer 
BARCLAYS 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 22 June 2023 
This Base Prospectus is valid until 22 June 2024

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus. 
To the best of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is 
the case), such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
The Guarantor accepts responsibility for the information included in this Base Prospectus in the section headed 
“The Guarantor” and any other information contained in this Base Prospectus relating to itself. To the best of 
the knowledge and belief of the Guarantor (which has taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), 
such information is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import of such 
information. 
Each of the Sellers accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus in the sections 
entitled "The Sellers" and "Description of the Cover Pool". To the best of the knowledge of the Sellers (having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in the sections entitled "The 
Sellers" and "Description of the Cover Pool" is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely 
to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8.1 of the Prospectus Regulation and for 
the purposes of giving information which, according to the particular nature of the Covered Bonds, is necessary 
to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and 
losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the Guarantor and of the rights attaching to the Covered Bonds. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any 
document incorporated herein by reference (see section “Information incorporated by reference”). Full 
information on the Issuer and any Series of Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the combination of 
the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms. 
Capitalised terms used in this Base Prospectus shall have the meaning ascribed to them in the “Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below, unless otherwise defined in the single section of this Base 
Prospectus in which they are used.  
The Issuer and, with respect to the information relating to itself only, the Guarantor, have confirmed to the 
Dealers (as defined herein) that this Base Prospectus contains all information with regard to the Issuer and the 
Covered Bonds which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Covered Bonds 
thereunder; that the information contained herein is accurate in all material respects and is not misleading; that 
any opinions and intentions expressed by it herein are honestly held and based on reasonable assumptions; that 
there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer, the omission of which would make this Base Prospectus as a 
whole or any statement therein or opinions or intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; 
and that all reasonable enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
No person has been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor to give any information in relation to the 
Programme or the issue or sale of the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or the Guarantor or any of the Dealers or the Arrangers or 
any of their respective affiliates or advisers, or any party to the Transaction Documents (as defined in the 
Conditions). 
This Base Prospectus is valid for twelve months following its date of approval and it and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms filed within these twelve months reflects the status as of any of their respective dates 
of issue. The offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds may not be taken as an implication that the

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective dates of issue 
or that there has been no adverse change in the financial condition of the Issuer and the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea or the Guarantor since such date or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is accurate as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date 
indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base 
Prospectus if and when the information herein should become materially inaccurate or incomplete and has 
further agreed with the Dealers to furnish a supplement to the Base Prospectus in the event of any significant 
new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus which is 
capable of affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds and which arises or is noted between the time when 
this Base Prospectus has been approved and the final closing of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds 
offered to the public or, as the case may be, when trading of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds on a 
regulated market begins, whichever occurs later, in respect of Covered Bonds issued on the basis of this Base 
Prospectus. In any case, the obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new 
factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base Prospectus does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any person mentioned in this Base Prospectus, with exception of the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, is responsible for the information contained in this Base Prospectus, any document 
incorporated herein by reference, or any supplement thereof, or any Final Terms or any document incorporated 
herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant jurisdiction, none 
of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information contained in 
any of these documents. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus was obtained from the Issuer and the other sources identified 
herein, and the Arrangers and the Dealers have not verified such information. None of the Dealers or the 
Arrangers, or any of their respective affiliates or advisers, make any representation, express or implied, or 
accepts any responsibility, with respect to the accuracy or completeness of any of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers shall be responsible for any matter which is the subject of any 
statement, representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer contained in the Covered Bonds or any 
Transaction Documents, or any other agreement or document relating to the Covered Bonds or any Transaction 
Document, or for the execution, legality, effectiveness, adequacy, genuineness, validity, enforceability or 
admissibility in evidence thereof. In making an investment decision, investors must rely on their own 
examination of the terms of this offering, including the merits and risks involved. The contents of this Base 
Prospectus should not be construed as providing legal, business, accounting or tax advice. Each prospective 
investor should consult its own legal, business, accounting and tax advisers prior to making a decision to invest 
in the Covered Bonds.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit 
or other evaluation and should not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Guarantor, the 
Arrangers or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should 
purchase the Covered Bonds. Each potential purchaser of Covered Bonds should determine for itself the 
relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus, including the merit and risks involved, and its 
purchase of Covered Bonds should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Dealers 
or the Arrangers undertake to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any information 
coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. None of the Dealers or the Arrangers undertake 
to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or the Guarantor during the life of the arrangements

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential investor in Covered Bonds of any 
information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arrangers. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any document incorporated herein by reference and any Final Terms 
and the offering, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms come are required by the Issuer and the 
Dealer to inform themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Covered Bonds and on the distribution 
of the Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds, see 
section “Subscription and Sale” of this Base Prospectus. In particular, the Covered Bonds have not been and 
will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States of America or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus, any supplement thereto, nor any Final Terms (or any part thereof) constitutes an 
offer, nor may they be used for the purpose of an offer to sell any of the Covered Bonds, or a solicitation of an 
offer to buy any of the Covered Bonds, by anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which such 
offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms 
shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the 
Issuer. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Where a claim relating to the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is brought before a court in a Member State, the plaintiff may, under the national legislation of 
the Member State where the claim is brought, be required to bear the costs of translating the Base Prospectus 
before the legal proceedings are initiated. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Base Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone 
in any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful 
to make such an offer or solicitation. 
In this Base Prospectus, references to “€” or “euro” or “Euro” are to the single currency introduced at the start 
of the Third Stage of European Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the 
European Community, as amended; references to “U.S.$” or “U.S. Dollar” are to the currency of the Unites 
States of America; references to “£” or “UK Sterling” are to the currency of the United Kingdom; reference to 
“Japanese Yen” is to the currency of Japan; reference to “Swiss Franc” or “CHF” are to the currency of the 
Swiss Confederation; references to “Italy” are to the Republic of Italy; references to laws and regulations are, 
unless otherwise specified, to the laws and regulations of Italy; and references to “billions” are to thousands of 
millions. 
Certain monetary amounts and currency conversions figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject 
to rounding adjustments; accordingly, figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic 
aggregation of the figures which preceded them. 
Each initial and subsequent purchaser of a Covered Bond will be deemed, by its acceptance of the purchase of 
such Covered Bond, to have made certain acknowledgements, representations and agreements intended to 
restrict the resale or other transfer thereof as set forth therein and described in this Base Prospectus and, in 
connection therewith, may be required to provide confirmation of its compliance with such resale or other 
transfer restrictions in certain cases.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
The Arrangers are acting for the Issuer and no one or else in connection with the Programme and will not be 
responsible to any person other than the Issuer for providing the protection afforded to clients of the Arrangers 
or for providing advice in relation to the issue of the Covered Bonds. 
In connection with the issue of any Series under the Programme, the Dealers which are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the stabilising manager (the “Stabilising Manager”) or any person acting for the Stabilising 
Manager may over-allot any such Series or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price such 
Series at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail for a limited period. However, there may be no 
obligation on the Stabilising Manager (or any agent of the Stabilising Manager) to do this and there is no 
assurance that the Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of a Stabilising Manager) will 
undertake stabilisation action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the final terms of the offer of the Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, 
but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Series and 60 days after 
the date of the allotment of any such Series. Such stabilising shall be in compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and rules. 
PRIIPs/IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Cover 
Bond specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU, as amended (“MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU, as 
amended, (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation No 1286/2014/EU, 
as amended (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds 
or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
MIFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.  
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bond 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, the Covered Bonds are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); or (ii) a

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and 
any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently 
no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the 
UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
MARKET INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding the market 
share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's analysis of data obtained from public 
sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer to be reliable, the Issuer has not independently 
verified such information, but the Issuer takes responsibility for the correct reproduction of such information. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking, 
including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, expansion of operations, 
trends in their business and their competitive advantage, information on technological and regulatory changes 
and information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that 
include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate", "aim", "intend", "plan", 
"continue" or similar expressions. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown 
risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in 
the future. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and 
uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result 
of various factors. Potential investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, 
which speak only as of the date hereof. 
Any forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer does not 
intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update forward-looking statements set forth in this Base 
Prospectus. Many factors may cause the Issuer's or the Group's results of operations, financial condition, 
liquidity and the development of the industries in which they compete to differ materially from those expressed 
or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures (“APMs”), as defined in 
the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs disclosed in regulated 
information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not recognised as financial 
measures under International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS”), are used by the management of the 
Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In particular: 
(i) 
Direct lending portfolio: the direct lending portfolio, as indicated under the first sub-paragraph of 
paragraph “Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches” of the section entitled “The 
Issuer”, is composed of current accounts and demand deposits, time deposits, securities issued and 
other payables.  
(ii) 
Customer Loans: the composition of the portfolio of the Group’s loans to customers is indicated under 
the ninth sub-paragraph of paragraph “De-risking and NPE reduction” of the section entitled “The 
Issuer”. In this respect, it should be noted that:  
a. the aggregate value of the customers loans indicated thereof includes loans registered as 
amortised financial activities, net of exposures represented by securities;  
b. Gross NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of gross impaired customer loans to the 
aggregate of gross customer loans, and provides a summary indication of the quality of NPL 
portfolio.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
c. Net NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of impaired customer loans net of the 
relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore) to the overall net amount of costumer 
loans, and provides a summary of the quality of the NPL portfolio.  
d. NPLs coverage: this indicator is calculated as the ratio of the total amount of accrued value 
adjustments (rettifiche di valore) on impaired customer loans to the amount of impaired 
customer loans gross of the relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore), and 
provides a summary indication of the level of coverage of impaired customer loans.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
CONTENTS 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENTS ................................................................................................... 4 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................. 12 
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................. 38 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ............................................................................................ 73 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................... 74 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS ......................................................... 77 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .............................................................................................................. 136 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................ 149 
THE ISSUER ..................................................................................................................................... 151 
THE GUARANTOR ......................................................................................................................... 194 
THE SELLERS .................................................................................................................................. 196 
THE ASSET MONITOR .................................................................................................................. 213 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS ............................................................. 214 
CREDIT STRUCTURE .................................................................................................................... 231 
CASHFLOWS.................................................................................................................................... 239 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL ...................................................................................... 243 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY ................................ 247 
TAXATION........................................................................................................................................ 255 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................... 264 
GENERAL INFORMATION ........................................................................................................... 269 
GLOSSARY ....................................................................................................................................... 273

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following section contains a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Article 25 of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 and, as such, does not purport to be complete and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any Series or Tranche, the applicable Final Terms. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should carefully 
read the information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus prior to making an investment decision in 
respect of the Covered Bonds. In this section, references to a numbered condition are to such condition in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” below. 
PARTIES 
Issuer 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo whose 
registered office is at Via Lucrezia Romana 41- 47– 00178 Rome, Italy 
(“ICCREA Banca”).  
Guarantor 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. a limited liability company incorporated under the 
laws of Italy, whose registered office is at Via Lucrezia Romana, 41-47 – 
00178 Rome, Italy. 
 
Quotaholders 
(i) 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo, 
owning a participation equal to 90% of the Guarantor quota capital; 
and 
(ii) 
Stichting Campari, a company incorporated under the laws of The 
Netherlands whose registered office is at Locatellikade 1, 1076AZ 
Amsterdam, The Netherlands, owning a participation equal to 10% of 
the Guarantor quota capital. 
Sellers 
Banca Patavina Credito Cooperativo di Sant’Elena e Piove di Sacco - Società 
Cooperativa, Credito Cooperativo Friuli (Abbreviato Credifriuli) – Società 
Cooperativa, Centromarca Banca - Credito Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia, 
Società Cooperativa per Azioni, Banca Centro - Credito Cooperativo Toscana 
- Umbria Società Cooperativa, Emil Banca - Credito Cooperativo - Società 
Cooperativa, Banca di Credito Cooperativo Venezia Giulia – Società 
Cooperativa (formerly, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Staranzano e 
Villesse - Società Cooperativa), Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e 
Imolese - Societa' Cooperativa and Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano - 
Società Cooperativa in their capacity as sellers under the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement and the Additional Sellers, as from the date of the 
accession to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement (each an “Initial Seller”). 
Additional Sellers 
Any entity (other than the Initial Sellers) belonging to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea, including ICCREA Banca, which will sell Eligible Assets 
and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor, subject to 
satisfaction of certain conditions, and that, for such purpose, shall enter into 
the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement and accede to the other relevant Transaction Documents.  
On 25 May 2022 the following entities belonging to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea have acceded, as Additional Sellers, to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement and the other 
relevant Transaction Documents: 
i) 
Banca della Marca Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa;  
ii) 
Banco Fiorentino - Mugello Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo – 
Società Cooperativa;

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
iii) Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito Cooperativo Società 
Cooperativa;  
iv) Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate – Società 
Cooperativa; and 
v) 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma - Credito Cooperativo – S. 
c. 
(jointly, the “Additional Sellers”).  
On 22 December 2022 the following entities belonging to the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea have acceded, as Additional Sellers, to the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
and the other relevant Transaction Documents: 
i) 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma – Società Cooperativa; and 
ii) 
Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa, 
(jointly, the “Additional Sellers” and together with the Initial Sellers and the 
other Additional Sellers, the “Sellers”).  
Arrangers 
ICCREA Banca and Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, a public limited company 
incorporated under the laws of Ireland with registered number 396330 and 
having its registered office at One Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland, D02 
RF29. 
Dealer(s) 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other dealer appointed from time to time 
in accordance with the Programme Agreement, which appointment may be 
for a specific Series of Covered Bonds issued or on an ongoing basis. 
Guarantor 
Calculation 
Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement, Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., a bank incorporated 
under the laws of Italy as a “società per azioni” having its registered office in 
Via V. Alfieri, 1, 31015 Conegliano (TV), Italy, share capital of Euro 
91,743,007.00 fully paid up, tax code and enrolment in the Companies’ 
Register of Treviso-Belluno number 04040580963, VAT Group “Gruppo IVA 
FININT S.P.A.” - VAT number 04977190265, registered in the Register of the 
Banks under number 5580 pursuant to article 13 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act and in the Register of the Banking groups as Parent Company of the 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale Banking Group, member of the “Fondo 
Interbancario di Tutela dei Depositi” and of the “Fondo Nazionale di 
Garanzia” (“Banca Finint”)(or any other entity being appointed as such in 
the future), will act as Guarantor Calculation Agent.  
Test Calculation Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement, ICCREA Banca (or any other entity being appointed as such in 
the future) will act as Test Calculation Agent. 
Principal Paying Agent 
Pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement, BNP Paribas, a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of France, licensed to conduct banking operations, having its 
registered office at Boulevard des Italiens n. 16, Paris, France, registered with 
the Chamber of Commerce of Paris under number B662 042 449, with a fully 
paid-up share capital of Euro 2,468,663,292, which acts for the purposes 
hereof through its Italian branch, whose offices are located at Piazza Lina Bo 
Bardi, 3 20124, Milan, Italy, enrolled in the register of the banks held by the 
Bank of Italy under no. 5482, Fiscal code and VAT code no. 04449690157, 
REA n. 731270; as successor of “BNP Paribas Securities Services”, further to 
the merger by way of incorporation (fusione per incorporazione) of BNP 
Paribas Securities Services into BNP Paribas, which took place on 1 October 
2022 (“BNP Paribas”) (or any other entity being appointed as such in the

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
future) will act as Principal Paying Agent. 
Master Servicer 
Pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, ICCREA Banca 
will act as Master Servicer.  
Servicers 
Each Seller will act as Servicers under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
Additional Servicers 
Any entity (other than the Servicers) belonging to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea, which will be appointed as servicer in respect of the 
Eligible Assets, the Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets sold by it to the 
Guarantor, and that, for such purpose, shall accede to the Master Servicing 
Agreement and the other relevant Transaction Documents. 
On 25 May 2022 the following entities belonging to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea have acceded, as Additional Servicers, to the Master 
Servicing Agreement and the other relevant Transaction Documents:  
i) 
Banca della Marca Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa;  
ii) 
Banco Fiorentino - Mugello Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo – 
Società Cooperativa; 
iii) Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito Cooperativo Società 
Cooperativa;  
iv) Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate – Società 
Cooperativa; and 
v) 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma Credito Cooperativo – 
S.c.. 
On 22 December 2022 the following entities belonging to the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea have acceded, as Additional Servicers, to the 
Master Servicing Agreement and the other relevant Transaction Documents:  
i) 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma – Società Cooperativa; and 
ii) 
Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa. 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Providers  
The Sellers and any Additional Seller that will be appointed as subordinated 
loan provider in accordance with the respective Subordinated Loan 
Agreement entered into with the Guarantor. 
Representative 
of 
the 
Covered Bondholders 
Banca Finint, as Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will act as such pursuant to the 
Intercreditor Agreement, the Programme Agreement, the Conditions, the 
Mandate Agreement and the Deed of Charge. 
Asset Monitor 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A. a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Republic of Italy whose registered office is at Milan, 20144, Via Tortona 25, 
will act as Asset Monitor pursuant to a mandate granted by the Issuer and the 
Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Asset Swap Providers 
Any counterparty of the Guarantor under any Asset Swap Agreement that 
may be entered into in the context of the Programme.  
“Asset Swap Agreement” means any swap or other hedging agreements, if 
any, aimed at hedging the interest rate risk and/or if applicable the currency 
risk related to each Portfolio, that may be entered into between the Guarantor 
and the relevant Asset Swap Provider on or about each Transfer Date.  
Liability Swap Providers 
Any counterparty of the Guarantor under any Liability Swap Agreement that 
may be entered into in the context of the Programme.  
“Liability Swap Agreement” means any swap or other hedging agreements, 
if any, aimed at hedging certain interest rate and/or, if applicable, currency

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
exposures in relation to the Guarantor’s obligations under the Covered Bonds, 
that may be entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Liability 
Swap Provider on or about each Issue Date. 
Operating Bank 
ICCREA Banca or any other person acting from time to time as Operating 
Bank pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement, 
at which the Transitory Collections Accounts, the Expenses Account and the 
Quota Capital Account will be held. 
Account Bank 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch will act as Account Bank pursuant to the Cash 
Allocation Management and Payments Agreement, at which the Collection 
Account, the Payments Account, the Investment Account, the Cash Reserve 
Account, the Securities Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account (if 
any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) will be held. 
Guarantor 
Corporate 
Servicer 
Banca Finint, has been appointed as Guarantor Corporate Servicer pursuant to 
the Corporate Services Agreement. 
Quotaholder 
Corporate 
Servicer 
Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited, a private limited liability 
company incorporated under the laws of England and Wales, having its 
registered office at Third Floor, 1 King’s Arms Yard, London EC2R 7AF, 
United Kingdom, has been appointed as Quotaholder Corporate Servicer 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Quotaholder 
Corporate 
Services 
Agreement 
(the 
“Quotaholder Corporate Servicer”). 
Luxembourg Listing Agent BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, whose registered offices is at avenue J.F. 
Kennedy, 60, L-2085 Luxembourg, has been appointed by the Issuer as 
Luxembourg Listing Agent.  
Rating Agencies 
Moody’s and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the 
remaining duration of the Programme 
THE PROGRAMME 
 
Programme description 
A covered bond issuance programme under which Covered Bonds 
(Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) will be issued by the Issuer to the Covered 
Bondholders. 
Programme size 
The aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds at any time outstanding 
will not exceed Euro 10,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies to 
be calculated as described in the Programme Agreement). The Issuer may 
however increase the aggregate nominal amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement and in accordance with 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), by publishing a 
supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
THE COVERED BONDS 
 
Form of Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in dematerialised form.  
The Covered Bonds issued will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of 
the beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte 
Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli account holders. Each 
Series or Tranche will be deposited with Monte Titoli on the relevant Issue 
Date in accordance with Article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the 
authorised institutions listed in Article 83-quater of the Financial Law. Monte 
Titoli shall act as depositary for Clearstream and Euroclear. The Covered 
Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be transferable 
by means of, book-entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of Article 83-
bis et seq. of the Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
and (ii) the regulation issued by the bank of Italy and the Commissione 
Nazionale per le Società e perla Borsa (“CONSOB”) on 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. No physical document of title will 
be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds issued in dematerialised form. 
The Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (“CSSF”) has neither 
reviewed nor approved the information contained in this Base Prospectus in 
relation to any issuance of the Covered Bonds that are not to be publicly 
offered and not to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of any stock 
exchange in any Member State and for which a prospectus is not required in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Denomination of Covered 
Bonds 
In accordance with the Conditions, the Covered Bonds will be issued in such 
denominations as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements.  
The minimum denomination of each Covered Bond admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to the public 
in a Member State of the European Economic Area in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be Euro 100,000 (or where the relevant Tranche is denominated in a currency 
other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Status and Ranking of the 
Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, guaranteed by the Guarantor and 
will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves, except in 
respect of maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable 
statutory provisions) at least equally with all other present and future 
unsecured, unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity 
of each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, from time to time 
outstanding. In the event of a winding-up, liquidation, dissolution or 
bankruptcy of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor in accordance with Law 130. 
Specified Currency 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory or central bank restrictions, such 
currency or currencies as may be agreed from time to time by the Issuer, the 
relevant Dealer(s), the Principal Paying Agent and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
Maturity Date 
The maturity date for each Series or Tranche (the “Maturity Date”) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
Issuer, or the Specified Currency. Unless previously redeemed as provided in 
Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 9(f) 
(Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders), and subject to any 
provision regarding the extension of maturity which may be included in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Covered Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be 
redeemed at their Outstanding Principal Amount on the relevant Maturity 
Date. 
Guarantor 
Calculation 
Date 
means 3rd (third) calendar day of May, August, November and February (or, 
if such day is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business 
Day). 
Collection Period 
means each quarterly period starting on the first day (included) of January, 
April, July and October and ending on the last day (included) of March, June, 
September and December.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
Guarantor Payment Date 
means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 6th calendar day of May, August, November and February of each year 
or, if such day is not a Business Day, the immediately following Business 
Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, any day 
on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post Enforcement Priority of 
Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement; the first 
Guarantor Payment Date fell on 8 November, 2021. 
Redemption 
of 
the 
Covered Bonds 
The applicable Final Terms relating to each Series or Tranche of Covered 
Bonds will indicate either (a) that the Covered Bonds cannot be redeemed 
prior to their stated maturity (other than in specified cases, e.g. redemption by 
instalments if applicable, taxation reasons or if it becomes unlawful for any 
Covered Bond to remain outstanding or following a Guarantor Event of 
Default), or (b) that such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of 
the Issuer upon giving notice to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders on behalf of the holders of the Covered Bonds (the “Covered 
Bondholders”) and in accordance with the provisions of the Conditions and 
of the relevant Final Terms, on a date or dates specified prior to such maturity 
and at a price or prices and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms), or (c) that 
such Covered Bonds will be redeemable at the option of the Covered 
Bondholders, as provided in Condition 9(f) (Redemption at the Option of 
Covered Bondholders). 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemable as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms and, in any case, the redemption amount shall be at least equal to par 
value. Covered Bonds may also be redeemable in two or more instalments 
and on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
Early Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds 
In certain circumstances indicated under the Conditions (including an early 
redemption (i) for tax reasons or illegality, or (ii) following a delivery by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice 
upon the Guarantor), the Covered Bonds may be early redeemed at their Early 
Redemption Amount. 
“Early Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Series or Tranche 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms. 
Redemption for taxation 
reasons 
Payments in respect of the Covered Bonds to be made by the Issuer will be 
made without deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by 
Italy, subject to the provisions of Condition 9(c) (Redemption for tax 
reasons).   
In the event that any such withholding or deduction is to be made, the Issuer 
will be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
In such circumstances and provided that such obligation cannot be avoided by 
the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Covered Bonds will 
be redeemable (in whole, but not in part) at the option of the Issuer.  
The Guarantor will not be liable to pay any additional amount due to taxation 
reasons following an Issuer Event of Default (as defined below). 
Redemption by instalments If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
amortising and redeemable in instalments they will be redeemed in such 
number of instalments, in such amounts and on such dates as may be 
specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and 
upon each partial redemption as provided by the Condition 9(m) (Redemption

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
by instalments), the outstanding principal amount of each such Covered 
Bonds shall be reduced by the relevant instalment amount for all purposes. 
Extended Maturity Date 
Upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of 
Covered Bonds on their relevant Maturity Date and if payment of the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in 
respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds is not made in full by the 
Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then payment of 
such Guaranteed Amounts shall be automatically deferred. This will occur if 
the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provide that such 
Covered Bonds are subject to an extended maturity date (the “Extended 
Maturity Date”) to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred in 
the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before 
the Extension Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice in 
sufficient time and has sufficient moneys available to pay in part the 
Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor 
shall make partial payment of the relevant Final Redemption Amount in 
accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments and as described in the 
Conditions 9(b) (Extension of maturity) and 12(b) (Effect of an Issuer Default 
Notice) under the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. Payment of all unpaid 
amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended 
Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption 
Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date may 
be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and 
including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to 
accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance with Condition 
9(b) (Extension of maturity) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, 
constituting interest due on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended 
Maturity Date. In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to Condition 
9(b) the extension of the Maturity Date shall not affect the ranking or the 
sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa or resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of 
Covered Bonds, the date falling 7 (seven) Business Days after (and including) 
the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
Extended Instalment Date 
If a Series of Covered Bonds is to be redeemed in instalments, the applicable 
Final Terms may indicate that the Guarantor's obligations under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee to pay a Covered Bond Instalment Amount and all 
subsequently payable Covered Bond Instalment Amounts may be deferred 
until the date set out under the relevant Final Terms. The deferral will occur 
automatically if the Issuer fails to pay a Covered Bond Instalment Amount on 
its Covered Bond Instalment Date and if the Guarantor does not pay such 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount (for example, because the Guarantor has 
insufficient funds) by the Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination 
Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount up 
to the relevant Extended Instalment Date, which shall be the date falling set 
out under the relevant Final Term. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when falling due no 
more than once. At such time, each subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that a Covered 
Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
deferred to a date falling after the Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
 
Statutory Tests 
The Programme provides that the assets of the Guarantor are subject to the 
statutory tests provided for under Article 7-undecies of Law 130 (the 
“Statutory Tests”), which are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet 
its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, for so long 
as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Sellers and the Issuer must 
always ensure that the following tests are satisfied on each Test Calculation 
Date:  
(1) 
the Nominal Value Test; 
(2) 
the Net Present Value Test; and 
(3) 
the Interest Coverage Test. 
Amortisation Test  
Further to the Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that 
if, following an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor 
of a Guarantor Default Notice), the assets of the Guarantor available are not 
sufficient to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and fall 
to a level where Covered Bondholders may not be repaid, a Guarantor Event 
of Default will occur and all obligations owing under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee will be accelerated. Under the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Guarantor must ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date 
following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount 
at least equal to the aggregate principal amount of the Covered Bonds as 
calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date. 
Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount 
 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement and in accordance with, 
and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer 
shall procure on a continuing basis and on each Test Calculation Date, that 
the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to 
or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the 
Programme over the next 180 days. In accordance with article 7-undecies, 
paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the credit of 
the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided 
that such liquid assets satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set 
forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 130. 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation 
Agent shall verify that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each 
Test Calculation Date. 
If, on any Test Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not 
reached, upon notice of the Test Calculation Agent sent in accordance with 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer and/or one or more 
Sellers, as indicated by the Issuer, shall, as soon as possible: (i) sell Liquid 
Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for payment of 
the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (ii) repurchase Assets by exercising 
the call option provided for under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement in 
accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein, in an aggregate

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is 
reached as soon as practicable. 
If the breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not remedied, the 
Issuer shall not issue further series of Covered Bonds compliant with Law 
130 and the EU Directive on Covered Bonds.  
Exposure Assets Limit 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation 
Agent shall verify – on the basis of the information made available to it in 
accordance with the Transaction Documents – that the Exposure Assets Limit 
has been correctly computed within the calculation of the Statutory Test on 
each Test Calculation Date and on any other date on which the verification of 
the Exposure Assets Limit is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
If, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the 
Exposure Assets Limit is not correctly computed, the Test Calculation Agent 
shall give notice to the Issuer, the Sellers, the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach (sending a 
new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In 
addition, upon indication of the Issuer (i) one or more Sellers as indicated by 
the Issuer shall sell or procure to sell sufficient Assets, Integration Assets or 
Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) to the Guarantor in accordance with 
the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, using the “Incassi Effettivi in Conto 
Capitale” for the payment of the purchase price of the assets; and/or (ii) the 
Guarantor shall reimburse the Subordinated Loans in accordance with the 
Subordinated Loan Agreements and the other Transaction Documents; (iii) 
upon instructions of the Guarantor, the Account Bank shall invest part of the 
Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit in securities eligible under 
article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b), of CRR in an aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure that the Exposure Assets Limit is complied with as soon 
as practicable and in any event within one month following the delivery of the 
notice of the Test Calculation Agent. 
Minimum 
OC 
Requirement  
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, (i) prior to occurrence 
of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify the 
Minimum OC Requirement as part of the Nominal Value Test on each Test 
Calculation Date and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of 
Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default 
Notice), the Test Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition to the 
Amortisation Test being met) that the Minimum OC Requirement is met on 
each Test Calculation Date. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, then the Guarantor, 
acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(who shall act upon instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance 
with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders), shall (i) give 
instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts standing

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
to the Investment Account in Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) 
and (b), of the CRR and/or; (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a 
sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum OC 
Requirement. 
 
Asset Monitoring 
 
The Issuer has appointed the Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to 
receipt of the relevant information from the Issuer, specific monitoring 
activities concerning the compliance of the Programme with Title I-bis of 
Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations including, inter alia, the 
calculation performed by the Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the 
Minimum OC Requirement with a view to confirming whether such 
calculations are accurate. 
Issue Price 
Covered Bonds may be issued at par or at a premium or discount to par. 
Interest on the Covered 
Bonds 
Covered Bonds may be interest-bearing or non-interest-bearing. Interest (if 
any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the method of 
calculating interest may vary between the issue date and the maturity date of 
the relevant Series. Covered Bonds may also have a maximum rate of 
interest, a minimum rate of interest or both (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms). Interest on Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), will be payable 
on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction, in each case as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s). 
Types of Covered Bonds  
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered Bonds, Amortising Covered Bonds, 
Step-Up Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending 
upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered 
Bonds may be repayable in one or more instalments, depending on the 
Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series 
shall be comprised of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds only or such other 
Covered Bonds accruing interest on such other basis and at such other rate as 
may be so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds will bear interest at a fixed rate, 
which will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and on redemption and will be calculated on 
the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer(s) (as set out in the applicable Final Terms). 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate 
determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an 
agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions; or 
(b) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; or 
(c) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s),

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
in each case, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each issue of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds, as set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a 
discount to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
 
Amortising Covered Bonds: Covered Bonds may be issued with a 
predefined, prescheduled amortisation schedule where, in addition to interest, 
the Issuer will pay, on each relevant Interest Payment Date, a portion of 
principal up to the relevant Maturity Date (as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms) in instalments. 
Step-Up Covered Bonds: Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds issued by the Issuer may be subject to a Step-Up Option if the 
applicable Final Terms indicates that the Step-Up Option is applicable. The 
Rate of Interest for Step-Up Covered Bonds will be the Initial Rate of Interest 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period 
commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date immediately following a 
Step-Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step-Up 
Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms. For the avoidance of doubt, 
an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of 
the relevant Step-Up Covered Bond. 
Taxation 
All payments in relation to Covered Bonds will be made without tax 
deduction except where required by law. If any tax deduction is made, the 
Issuer shall be required to pay additional amounts in respect of the amounts 
so deducted or withheld, subject to a number of exceptions including 
deductions on account of Italian substitute tax pursuant to Decree 239. Under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will not be liable to pay any such 
additional amounts. 
Payments by the Guarantor of additional amounts, as a consequence of tax 
deduction or withholding, will be limited recourse and paid in accordance 
with the Priorities of Payments to the extent the Guarantor has Guarantor 
Available Funds. 
Recourse 
In accordance with the legal framework established by Law 130 and pursuant 
to the Transaction Documents, the Covered Bondholders will benefit from 
full recourse on the Issuer and limited recourse on the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be 
limited recourse to the Guarantor Available Funds. 
Cross Acceleration  
Each Series of Covered Bonds will cross-accelerate as against each other but 
will not otherwise contain a cross default provision. Accordingly, neither an 
event of default in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer (including 
other debt securities of the Issuer) nor acceleration of such indebtedness will 
of itself give rise to an Issuer Event of Default. In addition, an Issuer Event of 
Default will not automatically give rise to a Guarantor Event of Default, 
provided however that, where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders serves a Guarantor Default 
Notice upon the Guarantor, such Guarantor Default Notice will accelerate 
each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  
 
Listing and admission to 
trading 
Application shall made for the approval of the Base Prospectus by the CSSF 
as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application will be made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
be admitted to trading on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment 
of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
Dealer(s) in relation to the Series or Tranche. Covered Bonds which are 
neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued.  
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered 
Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. The CSSF has neither reviewed nor approved the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus in relation to any issuance of 
the Covered Bonds that are not to be publicly offered and not to be admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of any Stock Exchange in any Member 
State and for which a prospectus is not required in accordance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
Rating 
Each Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be assigned 
a rating by the Rating Agencies or may be unrated as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation, or (2) issued by a credit 
rating agency which is not established in the EEA but will be endorsed by a 
credit rating agency which is established in the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation, or (3) issued by a credit rating agency which is not 
established in the EEA but which is certified under the CRA Regulation will 
be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes unless (1) such rating is issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating 
agency not established in the EEA which is certified under Regulation (EC) 
No. 1060/2009, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).  
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA 
Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in 
the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
A credit rating, if provided, is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and may be subject to revision, suspension or withdrawal at any 
time by the relevant Rating Agency.  
Settlement 
Monte Titoli/Euroclear/Clearstream and, in relation to any Series of Covered 
Bonds, such other clearing system as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms). 
 
Governing Law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection thereof, will be governed by Italian law or by any other law as set

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
out in the relevant Final Terms. The Transaction Documents and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof will be 
governed by Italian law, except for the Swap Agreements, if any, and the 
Deed of Charge, which will be governed by English law.  
Provisions of Transaction 
Documents 
The Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all provisions of the Transaction Documents 
applicable to them. In particular, each Covered Bondholder, by reason of 
holding Covered Bonds, recognises the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as its legal representative and accepts to be bound by the terms 
of each of the Transaction Documents signed by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders as if such Covered Bondholder was a signatory thereto. 
THE GUARANTOR AND THE COVERED BOND GUARANTEE 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Payments of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds when 
due for payment will be unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the 
Guarantor. The obligations of the Guarantor to make payments in respect 
of such Guaranteed Amounts when due for payment are subject to the 
conditions that an Issuer Event of Default has occurred, and an Issuer 
Default Notice has been served on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if 
earlier, a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred, and a Guarantor 
Default Notice has been served on the Guarantor. 
The obligations of the Guarantor will accelerate once the Guarantor 
Default Notice mentioned above has been delivered to the Guarantor. The 
obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute 
direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Guarantor 
collateralised by the Cover Pool and recourse against the Guarantor is 
limited to such assets. 
 
Suspension of Payments 
If a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is 
passed in respect of the Issuer (the “Article 74 Event”), the Guarantor, in 
accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
Guaranteed Amounts due and payable within the entire period in which 
the suspension continues (the “Suspension Period”). 
Following an Article 74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, specifying 
that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be 
temporary; and 
(ii) 
in accordance with Law 130, the Guarantor shall be responsible 
for payment of the amounts due and payable under the Covered 
Bonds during the Suspension Period at their relevant due dates, 
provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such amounts from 
the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders of a notice to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor (the “Article 74 Event Cure Notice”), informing such 
parties that the Article 74 Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Issuer Events of Default  
If any of the following events (each, an “Issuer Event of Default”) occurs 
and is continuing:

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or 
principal due and payable on any Series of Covered Bonds at their 
relevant Interest Payment Date and/or at the Final Maturity Date, 
and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, 
in case of amounts of interest, or 20 Business Days (other than in 
case of non-payment at the Maturity Date), in case of amounts of 
principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: a material breach by the Issuer of any 
obligation under the Transaction Documents (other than any 
obligation pursuant to paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above or (f) 
(Breach of Statutory Tests) below) occurs which is not remedied 
within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or  
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than, for the avoidance of 
doubt, resolution (risoluzione) and “misure di intervento 
precoce”) occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(d) 
Article 74 Event: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act is issued in respect of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary 
business (because of the loss of its banking licence or otherwise); 
or 
(f) 
Breach of Statutory Tests: any Statutory Test is breached and is 
not remedied by the end of the relevant Test Grace Period, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in case of 
Issuer Event of Default referred to under paragraph (c) (Insolvency) above, 
may if so directed by the Covered Bondholders, serve a notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (an “Issuer Default Notice”), demanding 
payment under the Covered Bond Guarantee, and specifying, in case of the 
Issuer Event of Default referred to under paragraph (d) (Article 74 Event) 
above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary. 
“Insolvency Event” means, in respect of any company, entity, or 
corporation that: 
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any 
applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, administration, insolvency,  
insolvency-like proceedings, composition with creditors,  insolvent 
reorganisation, 
turnaround/insolvency 
tools 
(strumenti 
di 
regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement 
procedure (including, without limitation, “liquidazione giudiziale”, 
“liquidazione coatta amministrativa”, “piani di risanamento”, 
“accordi di ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di ristrutturazione 
soggetto ad omologazione”, “composizione negoziata della crisi” 
and “concordato semplificato”  and (other than in respect of the 
Issuer) “amministrazione straordinaria” each such expression 
bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of 
Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, winding-up, 
insolvent reorganisation, dissolution, administration or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the 
undertaking or assets of such company, entity or corporation are 
subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect 
(other than in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets 
purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme 
of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such 
proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a reasonable 
prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings 
under (i) above is made in respect of or by such company or 
corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against 
such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this 
respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), the 
commencement of such proceedings are not being disputed in 
good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-
adjustment or deferment of any of its obligations or makes a 
general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for 
the benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the 
creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is granted by a 
competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness 
or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for 
suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the 
issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the 
winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any form of such 
company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 
2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such 
company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a 
winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to 
a solvent amalgamation, merger, corporate reorganization or 
reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved 
in writing by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any 
proceedings equivalent or analogous to those above under the law 
of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is 
deemed to carry on business. 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the 
Guarantor: 
(i) 
all Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and 
will rank pari passu amongst themselves against the Issuer, 
provided that (A) such event shall not trigger an acceleration 
against the Guarantor, and (B) in accordance with article article 7-
quaterdecies of Law 130 and pursuant to the relevant provisions 
of the Transaction Documents, the Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered 
Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any Excess Proceeds will be 
part of the Guarantor Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(A) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will 
be payable by the Guarantor at the time and in the manner 
provided under the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee and the Guarantee Priority of Payments; and (B) the 
Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to 
request from the Issuer an amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
and any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used 
to make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond 
Guarantee; 
(iii) 
if (I) the right of the Guarantor under paragraph (ii)(B) above is in 
any way challenged or revoked and (II) a Programme Resolution 
of the Covered Bondholders has been passed to this effect, the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable by the 
Issuer, at their Early Termination Amount together with accrued 
interest thereon and the Guarantor will no longer be entitled to 
request from the Issuer the amount set out under paragraph (ii)(B) 
above; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor may sell the Selected Assets comprised in the Cover 
Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement;  
(v) 
the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount shall 
continue to apply, and the Amortisation Test and the Minimum 
OC Requirement shall also apply; 
(vi) 
no further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds may be issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme, 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under 
paragraph (d) (Article 74 Event) above, the effects listed in items (i) to (iv) 
above will only apply for as long as the suspension of payments pursuant 
to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect 
(the “Suspension Period”). Accordingly (i) the Guarantor, in accordance 
with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the amounts due 
and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period, and 
(ii) at the end of the Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again 
responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
 
Guarantor 
Events 
of 
Default 
If any of the following events (each, a “Guarantor Event of Default”) 
occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, 
the Guarantor fails to pay any interest and/or principal due and 
payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and/or at the Extended Maturity Date and 
such breach is not remedied within the next following 15 Business 
Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, in case 
of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligations: a material breach by the Guarantor of 
any obligation under the Transaction Documents (other than any 
obligation pursuant to paragraph (a) (Non-payment) above occurs 
which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Guarantor (except where, in the opinion of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in 
which case no notice will be required); or 
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the 
Guarantor; or 
(d) 
Breach of the Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer 
Event of Default Notice (provided that, in case the Issuer Event of 
Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Notice) the Amortisation Test is breached and is not remedied by 
the end of the Test Grace Period;  
(e) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond 
Guarantee is not in full force and effect or it is claimed by the 
Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case of 
the Guarantor Event of Default under paragraphs (b) (Breach of other 
obligations) and (c) (Insolvency) above shall, if so directed by a 
Programme Resolution, serve a notice on the Guarantor (a “Guarantor 
Default Notice”), stating that a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor: 
(a) 
all the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable 
at their Early Termination Amount together with any accrued 
interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in accordance 
with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(b) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, on 
behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount, 
together with accrued interest and any other amount due under the 
Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under 
Condition 11(a) (Gross up by Issuer)) in accordance with the Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(c) 
the Guarantor, if not already sold, shall procure the sale of certain 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement; and 
(d) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its 
discretion and without further notice subject to having been 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, take such steps 
and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the 
Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may think fit to enforce such 
payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings 
or steps unless requested or authorised by a Programme 
Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
Priority of Payments  
Until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, 
the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is 
liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not 
it has received any corresponding payment from the Guarantor. 
This section summarizes the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the 
allocation and distribution of amounts standing to the credit of the 
Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the 
“Priority of Payments”) (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a 
Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer Event of Default (but 
prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event 
of Default. 
 
Interest Available Funds 
Means, in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer or the Servicers in respect 
of the Cover Pool and credited into the Collection Account, during

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Master 
Servicer or the Servicers and credited to the Collection Account, 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, 
if due) and paid on the Accounts during the immediately preceding 
Collection Period; 
(d) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor 
Payment Date from any Swap Provider, if any, other than any Swap 
Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(e) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
(f) 
the Cash Reserve Amount standing to the credit of the Cash 
Reserve Account;  
(g) 
all amounts on account of interest, premium or other profit deriving 
from the Eligible Investments up to the Eligible Investments 
Maturity Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor 
Payment Date; and 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other 
items of the Guarantor Available Funds) received by the Guarantor 
from any party to the Transaction Documents. 
Principal Available Funds 
Means, in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer or any 
Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the Collection 
Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, during the immediately 
preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master 
Servicer or any Servicer and credited to the Collection Account; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from each Seller by the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets; 
(e) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements, if any;  
(f) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments;  
(g) 
before an Issuer Default Notice, the principal amounts standing to 
the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as indicated in the 
reimbursement request submitted by the Issuer before the relevant 
Guarantor Calculation Date, in accordance with the provisions of 
the Subordinated Loan Agreement executed by the Issuer; and 
(h) 
following an Issuer Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Default 
Notice, all principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. 
Pre-Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default Interest Priority of 
Payments  
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor and the Issuer 
or service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, Interest 
Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments”) (in 
each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any Expenses of the Guarantor to the extent that 
such Expenses are not met by utilising the amount standing to the 
credit of the Expenses Account and to credit the amount necessary 
to replenish the Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to the Master 
Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Swap 
Collateral Account Bank (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the 
Quotaholder Corporate Servicer and the Back-Up Servicer (if 
appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay any amount due and payable to any Swap Provider, 
if any (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the 
Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party) other than any 
principal amount under any relevant Liability Swap Agreement (if 
any); 
(v) 
Fifth, to transfer to the Cash Reserve Account the Cash Reserve 
Amount; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to allocate to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal 
to the amounts, if any, allocated on the immediately preceding 
Guarantor Payment Date and on any preceding Guarantor Payment 
Date pursuant to item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments, net of any amount already allocated 
under this item (vi) on any previous Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay the Base Interest due to the Subordinated Loan 
Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance 
with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(viii) Eighth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor to any Swap Provider (if any) not paid under item (iv) 
(Fourth) above; and 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay any Premium due to the Subordinated Loan Providers 
under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance with the 
terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements. 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes 
required to be paid to any third party creditors (other than the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors) arising in connection with the 
Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in accordance with the 
Corporate Services Agreement) in order to preserve the existence of the 
Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and legislation. 
Pre-Issuer 
Event 
of 
Default Principal Priority 
of Payments  
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
or service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, all Principal 
Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions 
(the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments”): 
(i) 
First, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) (First) to 
(iv) (Fourth) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not 
sufficient to make the payments in full on such Guarantor Payment 
Date; 
(ii) 
Second, to transfer any amount to the Cash Reserve Account 
necessary in order to make up any shortfall in the Cash Reserve 
Amount; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay any amount due to any Liability Swap Provider (if 
any) in respect of principal under any relevant Liability Swap 
Agreement (including any termination payments due and payable 
by the Guarantor except where the relevant Liability Swap Provider 
is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to acquire a New Portfolio and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets and/or Eligible Assets (other than those funded 
through the proceeds of a Subordinated Loan) in compliance with 
the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay any payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any 
Liability Swap Provider in respect of principal under any relevant 
Liability Swap Agreement and not paid under item (iii) (Third) 
above provided that the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount are met; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to repay the Subordinated Loans advanced by the 
Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loan 
Agreements in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan 
Agreements; and 
(vii) Seventh, to the extent that any Subordinated Loan Provider has not 
received amounts as repayment of the Subordinated Loans under 
item (vi) (Sixth) above, to deposit the relevant amounts in the 
Collection Account. 
Guarantee 
Priority 
of 
Payments  
On each Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice), the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied 
on each Guarantor Payment Date at the direction of the Guarantor in 
making the following payments or provisions in the following order of 
priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions 
of a higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any Expenses of the Guarantor owed to third 
parties to the extent that such Expenses are not met by utilising the 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and to credit 
the amount necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to the Master

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Asset Monitor, the Swap Collateral Account Bank (if any), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the 
Test Calculation Agent and the Back-Up Servicer (if appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount, other than in respect of principal, due 
and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the period 
commencing on (and including) such Guarantor Payment Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the immediately following Guarantor 
Payment Date (the “Guarantor Payment Period”) (i) to any Swap 
Provider (if any) (including any termination payments due and 
payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider 
is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); and (ii) on the 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount in respect of principal due and 
payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Period (i) to any Swap 
Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by 
the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the 
Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); and (ii) on the 
Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions;  
(vi) 
Sixth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal 
to the difference between (i) the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
and (ii) the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the 
Liquidity Buffer Account and the nominal value of Liquid Assets 
which have not matured on or prior to such Guarantor Payment 
Date;  
(vii) 
Seventh, to deposit in the Cash Reserve Account any cash balances 
until the Covered Bonds have been repaid in full or sufficient 
amounts have been accumulated to pay outstanding Covered 
Bonds; 
(viii) Eight, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor to the Swap Providers (if any) not paid under item (iv) 
(Fourth) or (v) (Fifth) above; 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay to the Sellers any amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable 
under other items above; 
(x) 
Tenth, to pay any Base Interest due to the Subordinated Loan 
Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance 
with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(xi) 
Eleventh, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated 
Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
and 
(xii) 
Twelfth, to pay any Premium due to Subordinated Loan Providers 
under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance with the 
terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements. 
 
Guarantor 
Available Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
Funds  
under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will: 
- 
apply Interest Available Funds to pay interest due on the 
Subordinated Loans, but only after payment of certain items 
ranking higher in the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority 
of Payments (including, but not limited to, the Cash Reserve 
Amount to be credited to the Cash Reserve Account); and 
- 
apply Principal Available Funds towards (subject to compliance 
with the Tests) repaying Subordinated Loans but only after 
payment of certain items ranking higher in the relevant Pre-Issuer 
Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments.  
Following service on the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default 
Notice (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor) the Guarantor will use all 
monies to pay Guaranteed Amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
payments to the Other Creditors when due for payment subject to paying 
certain higher ranking obligations of the Guarantor in the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments. In such circumstances, the Sellers will only be 
entitled to receive payment from the Guarantor of interest and repayment 
of principal under the Subordinated Loans after all amounts due under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Other 
Creditors have been paid in full (or sufficient funds have been set aside for 
such purpose). 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will 
become immediately due and repayable and Covered Bondholders will 
then have a claim against the Guarantor under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount in 
respect of each Covered Bond, together with accrued interest and any 
other amounts due under the Covered Bonds, and Guarantor Available 
Funds will be distributed according to the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
Post-Enforcement Priority 
of Payments  
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor, the Guarantor Available 
Funds will be applied in the following order of priority (the “Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the 
extent that payments or provisions of a higher priority have been made in 
full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any Expenses of the Guarantor owed to third 
parties to the extent that such Expenses are not met by utilising the 
amount standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and to credit 
the amount necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the remuneration due to any 
Receiver and any proper costs and expenses incurred by it; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, any amount due and payable to the Master 
Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Asset Monitor, the Swap Collateral Account Bank (if any), the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Test Calculation Agent and the Back-Up Servicer (if appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective 
amounts thereof, (i) any amount due and payable to any Swap 
Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by 
the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the 
Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); and (ii) any interest 
and any Outstanding Principal Amount due under all outstanding 
Series of Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor to any Swap Provider (if any) not paid under item Fourth 
above; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to pay to the Sellers any amount due and payable under the 
Transaction Documents, to the extent not already paid or payable 
under other items above; 
(vii) 
Seventh, to pay any Base Interest due to Subordinated Loan 
Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance with 
the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(viii) Eighth, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated 
Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans in 
accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
and 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay any Premium due to the Subordinated Loan Providers 
under the relevant Subordinated Loans in accordance with the terms 
of the Subordinated Loan Agreements. 
Cover Pool 
The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by the Cover Pool 
constituted by (i) the Portfolio comprised of Mortgage Loans and related 
collateral assigned to the Guarantor by the Sellers in accordance with the 
terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and (ii) any other Eligible 
Assets,  Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor 
with respect to the Covered Bonds and the proceeds thereof which will, 
inter alia, comprise the funds generated by the Portfolio, the other Eligible 
Assets, the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets including, without 
limitation, funds generated by the sale of assets from the Cover Pool and 
funds paid in the context of a liquidation of the Issuer.  
Limited recourse 
The obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders and, 
in general, to each of the Sellers and the Other Creditors are limited 
recourse obligations of the Guarantor, which will be paid in accordance 
with the applicable Priority of Payments. The Covered Bondholders, the 
Sellers and the Other Creditors will have a claim against the Guarantor 
only to the extent of the Guarantor Available Funds, including any 
amounts realised with respect to the Cover Pool, in each case subject to 
and as provided in the Covered Bond Guarantee and the other Transaction 
Documents.  
Subordinated Loans 
Pursuant to the Subordinated Loan Agreements, each Subordinated Loan 
Provider will, from time to time, advance to the Guarantor a Subordinated 
Loan for the purposes of funding (i) the purchase from the relevant Seller 
of the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool, pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement and the Cover Pool Management Agreement and (ii) the set up 
and/or maintenance of a cash reserve sufficient to comply with the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and, to the extent applicable, the 
Exposure Assets Limit, in accordance with the terms and conditions set

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
forth under the Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
The Guarantor will pay interest in respect of each Subordinated Loan but 
will have no liability to gross up for withholding. Payments from the 
Guarantor to the Sellers under the Subordinated Loans will be limited 
recourse and subordinated and paid in accordance with the Priorities of 
Payments to the extent the Guarantor has available funds. 
On each Guarantor Payment Date the Guarantor may pay to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, within the limit of the Guarantor Available 
Funds and in accordance with applicable Priority of Payments, as a partial 
repayment of the relevant Subordinated Loan, the relevant Amortisation 
Amount as indicated by the Issuer for each Subordinated Loan Provider in 
the redemption request, duly signed by the Subordinated Loan Provider 
and by the Issuer, to be sent to the Guarantor at least 5 (five) Business 
Days before the relevant Guarantor Payment Date provided that (i) as at 
the preceding Test Calculation Date the Statutory Test and the Liquidity 
Buffer Target Amount are complied with and (ii) such payment does not 
result in a breach of any of the Test or the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount. 
Furthermore, in the event that as at each Test Calculation Date the 
Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets deposited on the Accounts of 
the Guarantor exceed the Exposure Assets Limit, upon instruction of the 
Issuer, subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Subordinated Loan Agreements and the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Guarantor shall pay to the Subordinated Loan Provider as 
a partial repayment of the relevant Subordinated Loan in an amount 
sufficient indicated by the Issuer in the relevant reimbursement request. 
Excess Assets and support 
for further issues  
To support the issue of further Series of Covered Bonds, (i) Excess Assets 
may be retained in the Portfolio or (ii) Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets may be acquired from one or more Sellers with the 
proceeds of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreements entered into by 
such Sellers, in order to ensure that the Cover Pool both before and after 
the issue of the new Series of Covered Bonds complies with the Statutory 
Tests. 
"Excess Assets" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each 
Guarantor Calculation Date, those Receivables and, if transferred to the 
Guarantor, Public Entity Securities the aggregate Outstanding Principal of 
which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which the Portfolios 
comprised in the Cover Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest 
coverage and net present value) of any Eligible Assets necessary to satisfy 
the Statutory Tests on the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date; minus (ii) 
the aggregate Outstanding Principal of those Receivables and, if 
transferred to the Guarantor, Public Entity Securities indicated by the Test 
Calculation Agent as Affected Assets pursuant to the provisions of clause 
10 (Payment of Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement.  
 
Segregation of Guarantor's 
rights and collateral 
The Covered Bonds benefit from the provisions of article 7-octies of Law 
130, pursuant to which the Cover Pool is segregated by operation of law 
from the Guarantor's other assets. 
In accordance with article 7-octies of Law 130, prior to and following a 
winding-up of the Guarantor and an Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default causing the Covered Bond Guarantee to be called, 
proceeds of the Cover Pool paid to the Guarantor will be exclusively 
available for the purpose of satisfying the obligations owed to the Covered

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
Bondholders, to the Swap Providers under the Swap Agreements entered 
into in the context of the Programme (if any) and to the Other Creditors in 
satisfaction of the transaction costs. 
The Cover Pool may not be seized or attached in any form by creditors of 
the Guarantor other than the entities referred to above, until full discharge 
by the Guarantor of its payment obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee or cancellation thereof. 
Cross-collateralisation 
All Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets transferred from 
the Sellers to the Guarantor from time to time or otherwise acquired by the 
Guarantor and the proceeds thereof form the collateral supporting the 
Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds. 
Claim 
under 
Covered 
Bonds 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, for and on behalf of the 
Covered Bondholders, may submit a claim to the Guarantor and make a 
demand under the Covered Bond Guarantee in case of an Issuer Event of 
Default or Guarantor Event of Default. 
Guarantor 
Cross 
Acceleration 
Where a Guarantor Event of Default occurs, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders will serve upon the Guarantor a Guarantor Default 
Notice, thereby accelerating the Covered Bond Guarantee in respect of 
each Series of outstanding Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
However, an Issuer Event of Default will not automatically give rise to a 
Guarantor Event of Default. 
Disposal of assets included 
in the Cover Pool after the 
service of an Issuer Default 
Notice 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor may sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in the 
Cover Pool (including for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount) in accordance with the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement as long as the sale does not cause a breach of the Amortisation 
Test, subject to pre-emption and other rights of the Sellers in respect of the 
Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets to the Guarantor 
pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. The proceeds from any 
such sale will be applied as set out in the applicable Priority of Payments. 
Disposal of assets included 
in the Cover Pool after the 
service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice  
After the service of a Guarantor Default Notice the Guarantor shall sell 
certain assets included in the Cover Pool in accordance with the provisions 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
SALE AND DISTRIBUTION 
Distribution 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis, in each case 
only in accordance with the relevant selling restrictions. 
Selling Restrictions  
The offer, sale and delivery of the Covered Bonds and the distribution of 
offering material in certain jurisdictions may be subject to certain selling 
restrictions. Persons who are in possession of the Base Prospectus are 
required by the Issuer, the Dealer(s) and the Arrangers to inform 
themselves about, and to observe, any such restriction. The Covered 
Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”). Subject to 
certain exceptions, the Covered Bonds may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or to US persons. There are further 
restrictions on the distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Covered Bonds in the European Economic Area, including France, 
Germany and the Republic of Italy, in the United Kingdom and in Japan.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
Purchase of the Covered 
Bonds by the Issuer 
The Issuer may at any time purchase any Covered Bonds in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. 
On the contrary, the Guarantor shall not purchase any Covered Bonds on 
the open market or otherwise.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
This section describes the principal risk factors associated with an investment in the Covered Bonds and includes disclosure of all 
material risks in respect of the Covered Bonds. Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds should consider carefully all the 
information contained in this document, including the considerations set out below, before making any investment decision. This 
section of the Base Prospectus is split into the following main sections: 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer; 
2. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and the market where the Issuer operates; 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework; 
4. Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds; 
5. Risks related to the underlying; 
6. Risks related to the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantee; and  
7. Risks related to the offer to the public and admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated market. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur and neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor are in a position to 
express a view on the likelihood of any such contingency occurring. In addition, factors which the Issuer and the Guarantor believe 
may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are also 
described below. Each of the Issuer and the Guarantor believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks 
inherent in investing in the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer or the Guarantor to pay 
interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Covered Bonds may occur for other reasons which may not be 
considered significant risks by the Issuer and the Guarantor based on the information currently available to them or which they may 
not currently be able to anticipate. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus (including any document incorporated by reference) and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
The Issuer's financial performance is affected by the general economic conditions, in particular in the Republic 
of Italy and Europe. 
Adverse changes or a general deterioration in the Italian, European or global economic conditions, or arising 
from systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the Issuer's assets and 
require an increase in the Issuer's provision for bad and doubtful loans and other provisions. 
The Issuer is not a retail bank and its core institutional role is to provide key financial and credit services to the 
network of cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) (the "BCCs"). 
The BCCs' asset quality is exposed to domestic economic weakness through the composition of their loan 
portfolio, mainly to households, small enterprises and artisans. Sustained loan growth in the past few years, 
coupled with high loan portfolio concentration in the real estate sector for some BCCs, makes their credit risk 
vulnerable to the domestic economic environment.  
The effects deriving from COVID-19 and the relative restrictive measures that has been issued in the last years 
by national and foreign authorities, in addition to the conflict between Russian Federation and Ukraine and the 
worsening of the global macroeconomic situation, has led to volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to 
volatility in, or disruption of, the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value of the Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
These additional risks may prejudice or negatively influence the Issuer’s and the Group’s ability to fully 
implement their 2023-2025 Business Plan Objectives (as defined in section "Documents Incorporated by 
Reference" below), may impact on the Issuer’s profitability, in particular in terms of operating income and cost 
of risk, and therefore materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make payments on the Covered 
Bonds and the liquidity thereof.  
In addition, prospective investors should note that there can be no assurance that the Group’s 2023-2025 
Business Plan Objectives will be achieved in the anticipated timeframe or at all. The 2023-2025 Business Plan 
Objectives set out the Group’s economic targets and business objectives, some or all of which may not be 
realised. The Group’s ability to implement its business plan goals depends on a variety of factors, some of 
which are outside of the Group’s control, including, inter alia, loan demand, geopolitical issues, global 
macroeconomic developments, market disruptions and unexpected increases in funding costs. 
Historical Information and availability of Financial Information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the section headed "The Issuer" represents the 
historical experience of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the future experience and performance of the 
Issuer will be similar to the past experience described in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should note that further downturns in the Italian economy could add to the competitive 
pressure through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for which to compete. This 
could affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and, in turn, the Issuer’s ability to make 
payments under the Covered Bonds. 
2. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and the market where the Issuer operates  
Global market conditions 
The Group's (and, therefore, the Issuer's) performance is affected by the financial markets and the 
macroeconomic and political environment of the countries in which it operates. Expectations regarding the 
performance of the global economy remain highly uncertain in both the short term and medium term. Material 
adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Issuer may also result from further developments of the 
monetary policies and additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as political instability, 
terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the countries where it operates and, as recently experienced, 
a pandemic emergency). Furthermore, the economic and political uncertainty of recent years has also 
introduced a considerable volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets.  
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by high levels of uncertainty, mainly due to: (i) the 
developments in relation to the invasion of Ukraine by the Russian Federation, on 24 February 2022, which 
generated an international armed conflict, triggering a further increment of the volatility of global markets 
resulting in dampening growth prospects as a consequence of the heavy repercussions of the conflict in the 
costs of energy and supply of raw materials; (ii)  impact that the government and international regulatory 
bodies' responses to COVID-19 had on global growth and individual countries; (iii) the global trend towards 
protectionism; (iv) the uncertain outcome of the commercial dispute between the US and China, which could 
have an effect on international trade and therefore global production; (v) Brexit and the still uncertain future 
relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union; (vi) future developments in the European 
Central Bank (the ECB) and Federal Reserve (FED) monetary policies; (vii) the sustainability of the sovereign 
debt of certain countries and the related, repeated shocks to the financial markets; and (viii) the potential 
negative impacts on the economy arising from climate change and global warming at both world and national 
level.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
The inflation, that turned out to be far from transitory, continued to grow in all the main geographical areas due 
to the protracted difficulties in global supply chains and the sharp rise in energy raw materials (fuel, electricity) 
and food. Furthermore, the main monetary policy institutes have started increasing rates and gradually 
withdrawing the stimuli previously implemented to counter the effects of the pandemic, generating negative 
effects on the financial markets. 
The possible impacts were well highlighted in the meeting of 22 September 2022 of the European Systemic 
Risk Committee ("ESRB"), following which a warning was published in relation to the vulnerabilities of the 
European Union's financial system. In the warning, the ESRB signaled that, despite the European Union's 
financial system having demonstrated its resilience in the face of growing geopolitical tensions and economic 
uncertainty, the possibility that the European macroeconomic framework is affected by the consequences of tail 
risks -risks) of these phenomena has increased since the beginning of 2022 and has been accentuated by the 
recent developments in the Russian-Ukrainian conflict. In particular, the impact of rising energy prices and 
inflation could undermine the financial stability of the European Union and, consequently, deteriorate its 
macroeconomic prospects. 
These elements have led to a significant increase in the risks to which the banking sector is exposed, forcing it 
to prepare adjustments to their valuation in order to contain future new impacts on the economic, financial and 
equity situation of the Italian and international financial system.  
As a result, the Issuer's ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to meet the 
financial requirements may be adversely impacted and costs of financing may significantly increase. This could 
materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a 
consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer's ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Credit Risk  
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are exposed to the traditional 
risks related to credit activity and depends, amongst other things, on customers and counterparties complying 
with their payment obligations, and on the credit rating of customers. 
A number of factors affect a bank's credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire loan 
book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes in the rating 
of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties, poor management by 
firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external factors, also of a legal and regulatory nature. 
Risk management methodologies, assessments and processes used by the Issuer to identify, measure, evaluate, 
monitor, prevent and mitigate any risks to which the Issuer is or might be exposed, are intended to guarantee 
adequate capital resources and an adequate liquidity profile of the Group. These include:  
(i) 
the continued reduction of the non-performing loan stock; 
(ii) 
recovery actions in respect of non-performing exposures; and  
(iii) 
the setting up of a target model for the management and recovery of bad loans.  
However, such actions might not be sufficient to protect the Group against, for example, unexpected changes in 
the creditworthiness of a counterparty. In addition, following the COVID-19 consequences on national and 
international economy and the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, it cannot be excluded that credit quality 
for the year 2023 could be influenced with the potential impact not yet quantifiable. The uncertainty that 
characterizes the current macro-economic context cannot be captured by the models, for this reason the Group 
has put in place greater level of conservatism on IFRS9 components in order to take into account the emergent 
risk with reference to creditworthiness perspective.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are still exposed to additional 
risks relating to regulatory updates and commitments summarised as follows. 
The Issuer applied the most recent guidelines on the definition of default. The objective of such legislation on 
default is to harmonize the definition of default between different areas of the EU, strengthen the comparability 
of risk metrics between different players in banking industry, and ultimately achieve the homogenization and 
comparability of the classification framework regarding impaired credit facilities, as well as the minimization 
of the variability of RWA among financial institutions with similar risk profiles.  
Secondly, the Issuer shall comply with the obligations laid down by the Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of 17 April 
2019 (“Calendar Provisioning”). In this context, the main risk consists in the increase in coverage to be 
applied to the non-performing according to the paths established by the Supervisory Authority. The application 
of Calendar Provisioning prescriptions required the Issuer to review impaired credit facility management 
strategies, to identify the potential impacts of different exposure types (e.g., secured/unsecured, etc) and to 
minimize those impacts through credit management (by evaluating the trade-off between the enhancement of 
recovery procedures and other possible de-risking actions). Overall, the interaction with other regulations, 
especially the new definition of default, which directly affects the Issuer's NPL amount, ultimately amplifies 
the Calendar Provisioning effects.  
Risks arising from the sovereign debt crisis 
The Issuer is affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets including, in recent years, the 
sovereign debt crisis in the Euro-zone. Credit quality has generally declined, as reflected by downgrades 
suffered by several countries in the Euro-zone, including Italy, since the beginning of the sovereign debt crisis 
in May 2010. The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in European countries have raised concerns 
regarding the financial condition of Euro-zone financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. These 
concerns may have an impact on Euro-zone banks' funding. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign credit 
rating of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, further downgrades of Italy's credit 
rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as the Issuer and make it 
more likely that the credit rating (if any) of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are downgraded. 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's exposure to securities issued by the Italian government amounted to Euro 
9.06 billions compared to approximately Euro 10.09 billions  as at 30 June 2022. The Issuer’s exposure refers 
for the most part to assets classified in the HTC Business Model – valued at amortized cost; it refers for Euro 
0.58 billion to financial assets classified in the HTCS Business Model – whose changes in fair value have an 
impact on equity (Euro 0.53 billion as at 30 June 2022). 
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to Euro 9.47 billions (approximately 16.2 per cent of the Issuer’s total assets) compared to Euro 
10.10 billions as at 30 June 2022 (approximately 20.7 per cent of the Issuer’s total assets).  
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer’s exposure to securities issued by the Italian government amounted to Euro 
10.99 billions; the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries corresponded to 
Euro 10.95 billion and represented approximately 20.4 per cent. of the Issuer's total assets. 
Any further deterioration in the credit quality of securities issued by governments, central banks and other 
public entities held by the Issuer could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations and 
financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Covered Bonds 
and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Market risk

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
The market risk involved in the Issuer's business activities lies in the risk of possible losses arising from 
changes in the market due to fluctuating or changing interest rates, foreign exchange rates, share prices and 
prices in general. This risk encompasses both trading book and banking book positions. Positions of risk are the 
result either of business positions taken for or in respect of customers, or of a deliberate assumption of such 
positions.  
The Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk exposure depend on its ability to identify properly, and mark 
to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by movements in market prices or interest rates. 
The Issuer's financial results also depend on how effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of 
credit and manages its own credit counterparty risk and market risk concentration. 
Risk related to fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates 
The interest rate risk is the risk originating from the differences in the maturities and in the times for redefining 
the interest rate of the assets and liabilities included in the banking book. In the presence of these differences, 
the fluctuations in interest rates determine both a short-term change in the expected profit, through the effects 
on the NII, and long-term effects on the economic value of the shareholders' equity, through the change in the 
market value of assets and liabilities. 
The measurement of the interest rate risk on the banking book is based on the valuation of the economic value 
and earnings-based measures. The Issuer adopts a risk management policy related to interest rate fluctuations 
aimed at maximizing profitability and limiting the risks of negative effects on the capital/income profile of 
potential adverse changes in interest rates. 
A residual part of the Issuer's business is carried out in currencies other than the Euro. Therefore, a negative 
change in exchange rates and / or a hedging strategy that is insufficient to cover the related risk could have 
negative effects on the business, results and equity and financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Impact of Russia-Ukraine war 
The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, together with the 
imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number of countries 
including the European Union, has already had a significant impact on the European and global economy, with 
greater market volatility and significant increases in the prices of energy and natural gas. The increase in 
inflation, already triggered by the Covid-19 epidemic, has led the central banks of the main countries to adopt 
restrictive monetary policies, raising interest rates. Hypotheses of lower economic growth in Europe and in 
Italy are now being strengthened, due to the effect of the increase in energy and raw material prices, which 
accentuate the growth in inflation already underway. 
As at 30 June 2022, in relation to the Russian-Ukrainian conflict and the consequent international sanctions 
imposed on Russia, in particular for trade finance activities (guarantees and documentary credits), the Group 
had limited exposure to the countries involved. With regard to existing positions with Russian counterparties, 
for an amount of residual debt at the date totalling approximately 3.7 million euros, it should be noted that all 
loans are 100% guaranteed or by the Italian parent companies (with reference to the intercompany transactions) 
or by SACE (as regards the non-recourse discount) and that at the moment all exposures, albeit with some 
difficulties related to Russian counter-sanctions, are returning regularly. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to predict exactly the broader consequences of the 
invasion, which could include further sanctions, export controls and embargoes, greater regional instability, 
geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply 
chains (including the supply of fuel and gas from Russia) and financial markets, all of which could, either 
directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
the Issuer and/or the Group. However, no significant impacts are expected on Iccrea Banca related to the 
Group's direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine.  
Operational Risks 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of suffering losses due to inadequacy or failure of processes, human 
resources and internal systems, or as a result of external events. Operational risk includes legal risk, which is 
the risk of losses deriving from breaches of laws or regulations, contractual, out-of-contract liabilities or other 
disputes, ICT (Information and Communication Technology) risk and model risk. Strategic and reputational 
risks are not included.  
Omissions, mistakes, delays or interruptions by any supplier and, in general, any failure by them to comply 
with the minimum level of service required might cause adverse effects on the Issuer’s business. 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be effective in 
mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of risks (especially those 
due to potential exogenous factors such as external fraud), including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or 
anticipate. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its payment obligations due to its inability to 
secure funding or only being able to secure it at above-market costs (funding liquidity risk) or to the possibility 
of incurring capital losses on the sale of assets (market liquidity risk). 
Liquidity risk is identified and monitored using the operational and structural maturity ladder (in order to 
identify possible negative liquidity gaps in relation to specified maturity structure) and the overall liquidity 
indicator system (RAS, risk limits, contingencies, and additional metrics), designed to quickly identify potential 
strains. 
During the course of 2022, the Group's liquidity position remained within the risk limits set under both internal 
rules and external regulations. The RAS liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding ratio (NSFR) 
were within their target ranges at values far above the risk appetite thresholds set when preparing the financial 
plan, with a decrease as at 31 December 2022 since the 30 June of the same year on the LCR indicator from 
251% to 231% and an increase on the NSFR indicator from 140% to 144%. 
Liquidity buffers at 31 December 2022 totalled around Euro 35 billions, about 96% of which was in Italian 
government securities. In terms of structural liquidity, the regulatory NSFR pointed to adequate levels of stable 
funding to cover the financing needs generated by the various forms of commercial lending and investment in 
the financial portfolio.  
The Issuer constantly monitors its own and the Group’s liquidity and funding risks. However, there can be no 
assurance that any negative developments in the conditions of the markets, in the general economic 
environment and/or in the Issuer's credit standing, combined with the need to align the Issuer's liquidity and 
funding position to regulatory requirements, would not have a negative impact on the business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Risks associated with the UK’s withdrawal from the EU (Brexit)  
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 and the transition period ended on 31 December 2020. 
Consequently, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union 
have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European 
Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) ended the supremacy of EU law in the UK and, together with 
secondary legislation made under it, ensures there is a functioning statute book in the UK.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
The exit of the UK from the European Union, the possibility that other European Union countries could hold 
similar referendums to the one held in the UK and/or call into question their membership of the European 
Union and other ongoing political and economic uncertainty  such as instability in Northern Ireland derived 
from the UK proposal to replace the current Northern Ireland protocol agreed with the EU, could have 
significant negative impacts on global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. 
Any of these effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could negatively affect the Issuer and/or 
Group, their customers and counterparties, and have a material adverse effect on the business, financial 
condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework  
The Issuer is subject to capital requirements that could limit its operations  
The Issuer, as group head company (capogruppo) of the Group, is subject to capital adequacy guidance adopted 
by the ECB, which provides for a minimum ratio of total capital expressed as a percentage of risk adjusted 
assets on a consolidated basis. The capital buffer, as provided by the guidance, must be maintained in the form 
of Common Equity Tier I capital. The Issuer's failure to maintain its ratios would not constitute a breach of the 
minimum prudential requirements; however, the Issuer might be subject to restrictions upon maximum 
distributable amounts.  
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy  
The Issuer must comply with the revised global regulatory standards ("Basel III") on bank capital adequacy 
and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, better risk coverage, 
measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of 
a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. In terms 
of banking prudential regulations, the Issuer is also subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD", implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree. 180 and 181 of 16 
November 2015) on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, as well as the relevant technical standards 
and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (for example the European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA")), which, inter alia, provide for capital requirements for 
credit institutions, recovery and resolution mechanisms. 
Should the Issuer not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in order to 
meet the capital requirements imposed by the applicable laws and regulations, it may be required to maintain 
levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings and funding conditions. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of credit 
institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD IV Directive") 
and the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the "CRR", together with the CRD IV Directive, the "CRD IV 
Package") subsequently updated in the Regulation N. 2019/876 and Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the "Banking 
Reform Package with CRRII and CRDV"). In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD 
introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a minimum requirement of own funds and eligible 
liabilities (the "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities", "MREL").  
The Banking Reform Package also contains Directive (EU) 2019/879 ("BRRD II"), which amended the 
BRRD, introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the MREL 
requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining the scope of the MREL itself. The MREL 
requirement constrains the Group structure of liabilities and it requires the use of subordinated instruments, in 
the sense of eligible liabilities, which may impact the costs structure of the Group and potentially the Issuer's

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
financing ability. Prospective covered bondholders should note that the resolution strategy and the MREL 
requirement is currently under discussion with the competent Authority. 
Risk related to the European Central Bank inspections at the Issuer and the outcomes of the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) Based on the new harmonised framework for supervisory review and 
evaluation implemented by the ECB, and following completion of the annual supervisory review and 
evaluation process ("SREP") carried out on the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(f) of Council Regulation (EU) 
No. 1024/2013, the ECB notified the Issuer of its SREP decision on 24 January 2022 setting out the prudential 
requirements to be maintained at the consolidated level with effect from 1 March 2022. 
With this decision, which replaced the 2019 SREP decision that was applied in 2021 in view of the pandemic, 
the supervisory authorities established consolidated own funds requirements for 2022 as: 
 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) of 2.83% (of which 8 bps for the NPE P2R in reflection of 
calendar provisioning, which could be lowered by the end of the year subject to certain conditions), of 
which a minimum of 56.25% to be held in the form of Common Equity Tier 1, (CET1) and 75% in the 
form of Tier 1 capital; and 
 
a recommendation for Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) of 1.75%, which should consist entirely of Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital and held in addition to the Overall Capital Requirement (OCR). 
For 2022, the Issuer (as group head company of the Iccrea BCC Group) is required to meet the following 
capital ratios at consolidated level and in term of Total Capital Ratios:  
 
Total SREP Capital Requirement of 10.83%;  
 
an OCR equal to 13.33%; and 
 
a Target Requirement (including P2G) of 15.08%,  
while no specific requirements are imposed on the individual level. 
On 14 December 2022, the ECB notified the Issuer of the SREP decision which establishes the prudential 
requirements to be maintained at the consolidated level for 2023. 
With this decision, which replaces the SREP decision notified to the Issuer on 24 January 2022, the supervisory 
authorities established consolidated own funds requirements for 2023 as: 
 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) of 2.80% (of which 5 bps for the NPE P2R, which could be 
lowered by the end of the year subject to certain conditions), of which a minimum of 56.25% to be held 
in the form of Common Equity Tier 1, (CET1) and 75% in the form of Tier 1 capital; and 
 
a recommendation for Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) of 1.75%, which should consist entirely of Common 
Equity Tier 1 capital and held in addition to the Overall Capital Requirement (OCR). 
For 2023, the Issuer (as group head company of the Iccrea BCC Group) is required to meet the following 
capital ratios at consolidated level and in term of Total Capital Ratios:  
 
Total SREP Capital Requirement of 10.80%;  
 
an OCR equal to 13.30%; and 
 
a Target Requirement (including P2G) of 15.05%,  
while no specific requirements are imposed on the individual level. 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation  
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely stringent and 
detailed and the Issuer is subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory authorities, including ECB,

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
Bank of Italy and CONSOB. In addition, the regulatory framework and supervision activity are subject to 
ongoing changes in the law and ongoing developments. 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes relating to the 
interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could negatively impact the operating 
results and capital and financial position of Iccrea. 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under the scope of the 
banking crisis rules  
The Group must comply with the contribution obligations required by legislation concerning bank resolution. 
Upon the occurrence of an increase in the ordinary contributions requested to the Group companies, the 
profitability of the Group would decrease and the level of capital resources of the Issuer and the Group would 
be adversely affected; should extraordinary contributions be requested to the Group, this could have a negative 
impact, even significant, on the Group's balance sheet and financial results. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-reducing measures have 
been introduced, both at European level and at individual Member State level. Their implementation involves 
significant outlays by individual financial institutions in support of the overall banking system. 
Ordinary contribution obligations reduce profitability and have a negative impact on the Group's capital 
resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level of ordinary contributions required from the Group will 
increase in the future in relation to the development of the amount related to protected deposits and/or the risk 
relating to the Group compared with the total number of banks committed to paying said contributions. 
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot be controlled or 
predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (including the National Guarantee Fund and the Fondo di 
Garanzia dei depositanti del Credito Cooperativo), the Single Resolution Fund and the National Resolution 
Fund, do not find themselves in a situation of having to ask for more, new extraordinary contributions. This 
would involve the need to record further extraordinary expenses with impacts, including significant ones, on 
the capital and financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks arising from the reform of the Cooperative Credit Banks (BCC)  
The Issuer is (pursuant to the applicable legislation) the group head company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea 
cooperating banking group which, in addition to certain subsidiaries of the Issuer, comprises (as of the date of 
this Base Prospectus) 117 BCCs. 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official Gazette of the Italian 
Republic (as subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law no. 49/2016) (the "BCC Reform 
Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures for Italy's cooperative credit banks. As described 
in the risk factor below, the Group has recently undergone a corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC 
Reform Law and the Issuer has become group head company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform 
Law) of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea). For further 
information, please see the section "The Issuer". 
The BCC Reform Law requires cooperative banks (as an alternative to becoming a company limited by shares 
(società per azioni) and meeting certain other requirements) to be part of a cooperative banking group whose 
group head company has net assets (patrimonio netto) of at least Euro 1 billion, as a prerequisite for obtaining 
authorisation from the Bank of Italy to carry out banking securities in the form of a cooperative credit bank. 
The BCC Reform Law provides that the group head company shall manage and coordinate the activities of the 
group pursuant to an agreement called a "cohesion contract" (contratto di coesione). Such agreement, among 
other things, regulates the powers of the group head company and contains an inter-group financial support

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
mechanism committing reciprocally any participating cooperative bank, both vertically (as between each 
cooperative bank and the group head company) and horizontally (as between each cooperative bank in the 
group).  
 The liability sharing mechanism has the dual purpose of: (i) jointly guaranteeing the obligations of any 
cooperative bank in the group in its dealings with a third party (external guarantee) and (ii) providing financial 
support mechanisms for the solvency and liquidity of the participating cooperative banks (intra-group financial 
support mechanism). For further information regarding such cross guarantee mechanism in relation to the 
Group, see the risk factor "Risks arising out of the guarantee mechanism in the Cohesion Contract". 
The purpose of the intra-group financial support mechanism is to mobilise capital and liquidity within the group 
in order to be compliant with the regulatory requirements and to satisfy the demands of the supervisory 
authority avoiding the need to resort to crisis management procedures beyond the cooperative banking group. 
The mechanism, for the benefit of the cooperative bank ensures that their funding needs are met at all times.  
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, at least 60% of the group head company's capital must be held by the 
cooperative banks belonging to the group. The remainder of its share capital may be held by equivalent entities 
(e.g. European banking cooperative groups and foundations (fondazioni)) or via the capital markets.  
In the case of the Issuer, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 97.75% of its shares are held by 117 BCCs 
together with Cassa Centrale Banca del Nord-Est, Raiffeisen Landesbank Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto 
Adige and certain other banks. The remaining portion is owned by certain other entities permitted by the BCC 
Reform Law. For further information, please see the section "The Issuer". 
The Issuer, as group head company, may subscribe "financing shares" (azioni di finanziamento) issued by a 
BCC pursuant to Article 2526 of the Civil Code and therefore help to strengthen the capital structure of the 
cooperative bank generally, as well as in situations where the cooperative bank is insufficiently capitalised or 
subject to extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria). 
Prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the provisions of 
the BCC Reform Law and the implementing regulations of the Bank of Italy in Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013 (as amended on 2 November 2016) have not yet been tested judicially or by established market 
practice. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict with certainty the full impact of this legislative reform on the 
Issuer and its business and, while senior management of the Issuer believes such legislation to be a positive 
development for the Group, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential impact on the Group's results of 
operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on the market value of the Covered Bonds and 
the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The reforms described above are part of an ongoing process of consolidation of the Italian banking sector 
brought about, in part, from the implementation of European Directives aiming to liberalise and deregulate the 
banking sector in the European Union, and in particular in Italy, significantly increasing competitive pressure. 
In the event that the Group is not able to respond to such competition by, amongst other things, providing 
innovative and profitable products and services to meet the needs of clients, the Group could lose market share 
in the sectors in which it operates. In addition, as a result of such competition, the Group may fail to maintain 
or increase business volumes and profit levels that have been achieved in the past, resulting in adverse effects 
on the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition. 
Risk arising from the reorganisation and rationalisation of the Group pursuant to the BCC Reform Law  
The Issuer has recently undergone a substantial corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law.  
On 1 June 2016 the Bank of Italy authorised pursuant to Article 57 of the Consolidated Banking Act the reverse 
merger by incorporation of ICCREA Holding S.p.A. into the Issuer. This reverse merger was carried out to

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
allow the members of the group to comply with provisions of the BCC Reform Law. The Issuer had prior to 
such merger and as at the date of this Base Prospectus has net assets (patrimonio netto) in excess of Euro 1.5 
billion and, accordingly, meets the required threshold contained in the BCC Reform Law. Such reorganisation 
was approved by the board of directors of the Issuer on 26 February 2016, by the shareholders in an 
Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer held on 12 July 2016 and formalised by a merger deed between the 
Issuer and ICCREA Holding S.p.A. dated 15 September 2016. As a consequence of such merger, effective as of 
1 October 2016, the Issuer is now the head group company of the Group. The reverse merger was carried out in 
order to strengthen the Issuer's group as a whole and in particular from a corporate and regulatory standpoint. 
In order to satisfy the objectives outlined within the BCC Reform Law, the Issuer held meetings with local 
federations of the BCCs and set out a schedule of project activities, which are currently underway. Such 
activities are being carried out by committees, working groups and project management teams comprising staff 
from the Issuer, the BCCs and representatives of the BCCs’ federations. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of head of the group, and sent to 
the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the Bank of Italy its request to establish the Iccrea cooperative 
banking group, to which would adhere 142 BCCs and the establishment of the Group was authorised by the 
ECB on 24 July 2018.  
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved amendments to its by-laws, to bring them 
in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, and to 
increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, from Euro 1.15 billion to Euro 1.4 billion.  
On 4 March 2019 the ECB gave final approval to the establishment of the Group, which was then formally 
registered in the Italian register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) by the Bank of Italy.  
No guarantee can be given that the impact of the reorganisation of the Group will strengthen the same. Any 
failure of the implementation of the objectives pursuant to the Group's corporate reorganisation may have an 
adverse effect on the results of the Issuer's operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on 
the market value of the Covered Bonds and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks arising out of the guarantee mechanism in the Cohesion Contract  
In January 2019, the Issuer and 142 BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion Contract") in 
accordance with the BCC Reform Law as described in more detail in the section "The Issuer– Recent Events".  
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism governed by Italian law 
which pursuant to Circular No. 285 has been created also to meet the requirements for a "cross guarantee 
scheme" as defined in the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee Scheme"). In particular: 
 
the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. In turn, each BCC 
cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will support the obligations of the Issuer and all 
other BCCs;  
 
the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and the individual 
BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the Issuer;  
 
in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and the guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the BCCs have put in place arrangements to 
ensure the prompt provision of financial means in terms of capital and liquidity if required. In particular, 
the Issuer and the BCCs have committed funds readily available to them which may be applied by the 
Issuer in its discretion and as it determines, in order to meet the obligations of the Issuer and the BCCs, 
thereby providing inter-group financial support; and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of which, in the case of 
the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with the Issuer plus a quota that can be called by 
the Issuer on demand if needed. 
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so its provision is 
an unavoidable condition. Prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware, therefore, of the risk that the 
Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, if necessary, its own assets to 
provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance of the cross-guarantee obligations.  
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels for the Issuer's and BCCs' joint and several 
liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital resource of the Issuer and the 
individual BCCs (as the case may be).  
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial support mechanism 
within which the participating banks provide each other with financial support to ensure solvency and liquidity 
(particularly for the purpose of their compliance with the prudential requirements and requirements of the 
supervisory authority) and to avoid, where necessary, submission to resolution procedures pursuant to 
Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or to compulsory administrative liquidation procedures pursuant to art. 80 and 
following. of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The Cross Guarantee Scheme contained in the Cohesion Contract means that the Issuer has exposure to the 
liabilities of any BCC that defaults on its creditors. Any such default may result in an adverse effect on the 
Issuer's results of operations, business and financial condition.  
Risks connected with breaches of the Cohesion Contract  
Any breach of the Cohesion Contract by the Issuer or by one or more BCCs might have an impact on the Group 
as a whole.  
The Cohesion Contract describes certain penalties, which vary according to the seriousness of the infringement, 
that may be applied by the Issuer in the event of breach of its directions, as well as other contractual 
obligations.   
In such regard, the Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer certain powers including the following:  
 
to change the structure and operation of the individual Group BCC; 
 
to restrict new transactions by suspending the taking of new risk; 
 
to restrict the individual BCC's geographical reach; and 
 
(in the most serious cases) to exclude an individual Group BCC from the Group. 
In case of breach of the Cohesion Contract, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential impact on the 
Group's results of operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on the market value of the 
Covered Bonds and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Risks relating to changes of law  
The structure of the issue of the Covered Bonds is based on Italian law (and, in the case of the Swap 
Agreements and the Deed of Charge, if any, on English law) in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible change to Italian or English law or administrative 
practice or to the law applicable to any Transaction Document and to administrative practices in the relevant 
jurisdiction or that any such change will not negatively impact the structure of the Programme and the 
treatment of the Covered Bonds. Except to the extent that any such changes represent a significant new factor 
or result in this Base Prospectus containing a material mistake or inaccuracy, in each case which is capable of

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
affecting the assessment of the Covered Bonds, the Issuer and the Guarantor will be under no obligation to 
update this Base Prospectus to reflect such changes. 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union: 
(i) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU (the “EU Covered Bond Directive”); and 
(ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the “EU 
Covered Bond Regulation”). 
The EU Covered Bond Regulation and the EU Covered Bond Directive amend certain provisions of the CRR 
on covered bonds and introduce standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision. More in particular, the new EU Covered Bond Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR 
to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new EU Covered 
Bond Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the EU Covered Bond Directive, Member States had to implement the EU Covered Bond Directive 
by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The EU Covered Bond 
Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has entered 
into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – the EU Covered Bond Directive. 
According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020:  
(i) 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
(ii) 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of the 
EU Covered Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; and 
(iii) 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set 
for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under 
Article 1 of the EU Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the 
cover pool). 
The EU Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative 
Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 (the “Legislative Decree 190/2021”) which modified Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 and entered into force on December 1st, 2021. 
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing provisions of the Title 
I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 
190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”).  
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new Title I-
bis of the Law 30 April 1999, n.130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered bonds 
issued as of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 
of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended from time to time (the “Circolare 285”).

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options 
provided by the EU Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case 
of programmes with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of 
principal. 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 31 March 
2023, and amending the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level 
of over-collateralization for covered bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality 
(vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the 
Implementing Provisions. 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, given the novelty above provisions and the recent amendments to the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and Law 130, the new legislative framework has not yet been tested and thus 
possible uncertainties of interpretation may arise. Accordingly, there is a risk that certain changes may need to 
be reflected in the Programme (including the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in order for it to 
continue to be compliant with the Covered Bond Regulations. Prospective investors should therefore inform 
themselves of the above legal changes, in addition to any other regulatory requirements applicable to their 
investment in the Covered Bonds. 
Moreover, in the event of any change in the law and/or tax regulations and/or their official interpretations after 
the date hereof, the performance of the Covered Bonds and the ratings (if any) assigned to the Covered Bonds 
may be affected. In addition, it should be noted that regulatory requirements may be recast or amended and 
there can be no assurance that any such changes will not adversely affect the compliance position of any 
transaction described in this Base Prospectus or of any party and perspective investors under any applicable law 
or regulation, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such changes could adversely affect the ability 
of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds or the Guarantor to meet its obligations 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any such change could adversely impact the value of the Covered Bonds. 
4. Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds  
Issuer liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds  
The Issuer is liable to make payments when due on the Covered Bonds. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
Covered Bonds are direct, unsecured, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations, ranking pari passu 
without any preference amongst themselves and equally with its other direct, unsecured, unconditional and 
unsubordinated obligations. Consequently, any claim directly against the Issuer in respect of the Covered 
Bonds will not benefit from any security or other preferential arrangement granted by the Issuer. 
Obligations under the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds will not represent an obligation or be the responsibility of any of the Arrangers, the 
Dealers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other party to the Programme, their officers, 
members, directors, employees, security holders or incorporators, other than the Issuer and, after the service by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor. The Issuer and the 
Guarantor will be liable solely in their corporate capacity for their obligations in respect of the Covered Bonds

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
and such obligations will not be the obligations of their respective officers, members, directors, employees, 
security holders or incorporators.  
Extraordinary Resolutions and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders  
A meeting of Covered Bondholders may be called to consider matters which affect the rights and interests of 
Covered Bondholders. These include (but are not limited to): instructing the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee against the Issuer and/or the Guarantor; waiving an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; defining, reducing or otherwise varying interest 
payments or repayment of principal or rescheduling payment dates; altering the priority of payments of 
interest and principal on the Covered Bonds; and any other amendments to the Transaction Documents. 
Certain resolutions are required to be passed as Programme Resolutions. A Programme Resolution will bind 
all Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting or voted in favour of the 
Programme Resolution. No Resolution, other than a Programme Resolution, passed by the holders of one 
Series of Covered Bonds will be effective in respect of another Series unless it is sanctioned by an Ordinary 
Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution, as the case may require, of the holders of that other Series. Any 
Resolution passed at a Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of a Series shall bind all other holders of 
that Series, irrespective of whether they attended the Meeting and whether they voted in favour of the relevant 
Resolution.  
It should also be noted that after the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the 
Covered Bondholders' rights against the Issuer will be exercised by the Guarantor (or the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders on its behalf). The rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised 
in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. In addition, after the delivery of 
a Guarantor Default Notice, the protection and exercise of the Covered Bondholders' rights against the 
Guarantor and the security under the Covered Bond Guarantee is one of the duties of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. The Conditions limit the ability of each individual Covered Bondholder to commence 
proceedings against the Guarantor by conferring on the Meeting of the Covered Bondholders the power to 
determine in accordance with the Rules of Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, whether any Covered 
Bondholder may commence any such individual actions.  
Representative of the Covered Bondholders' powers may affect the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
In the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities and discretions the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
shall only have regard to the interests of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, as applicable, but if, 
in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between these interests the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have regard solely to the interests of the Covered 
Bondholders.  
If, in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that the interests of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or 
more Series would be materially prejudiced thereby, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by 
Extraordinary Resolution or by a written resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 25 per 
cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Covered Bonds. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
The ratings assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expectation of timely payment of interest and principal 
on the Covered Bonds on or before any payment date falling one year after the Maturity Date. 
For Moody's, the ratings that may or may not be assigned to the Covered Bonds address the expected loss that 
Covered Bondholders may suffer. 
The expected ratings of the Covered Bonds, where applicable, are set out in the relevant Final Terms for each 
Series of Covered Bonds. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Covered Bonds will be treated as having 
been issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. 
Any Rating Agency may lower its rating or withdraw its rating if, in the sole judgment of the Rating Agency, 
the credit quality of the Covered Bonds has declined or is in question. If any rating assigned to the Covered 
Bonds is lowered or withdrawn, the market value of the Covered Bonds may reduce. 
Furthermore, in accordance with the current rating criteria of each of the Rating Agencies, the rating of the 
Covered Bonds may be linked, under certain circumstances, to the then current rating of the Issuer. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Covered Bonds 
(also where such credit rating agencies have not been engaged or solicited by the Issuer). Any ratings may not 
reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes unless (1) 
such rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation 
or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) the rating is provided by 
a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”). 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation.  
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will either be fungible with an existing Series of Covered Bonds 
(in which case they will form part of such Series) or have different terms to an existing Series of Covered 
Bonds (in which case they will constitute a new Series). 
All Covered Bonds issued from time to time will rank pari passu with each other in all respects and will share 
equally in the security granted by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments  
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (i) it can legally invest in Covered Bonds (ii) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for 
various types of borrowing and "repurchase" arrangements and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Covered Bonds. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or appropriate regulators

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar 
rules. 
The return on an investment in Covered Bonds will be affected by charges incurred by investors  
An investor's total return on an investment in any Covered Bonds will be affected by the level of fees charged 
by the nominee service provider and/or clearing system used by the investor. Such a person or institution may 
charge fees for the opening and operation of an investment account, transfers of Covered Bonds, custody 
services and on payments of interest, principal and other amounts. Potential investors are therefore advised to 
investigate the basis on which any such fees will be charged on the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Covered Bonds  
A wide range of Covered Bonds may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Covered Bonds may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most 
common such features: 
Covered Bonds subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Covered Bonds is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Covered Bonds, the market value of those Covered Bonds generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Covered Bonds when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Covered Bonds. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption 
proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Covered Bonds being redeemed and may 
only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the 
light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons  
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 
11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of Italy or any political 
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which 
change or amendment becomes effective on or after the First Issue Date, and such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Covered Bonds 
in accordance with the Conditions. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security 
at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. Such a feature to convert the interest basis and any conversion of the 
interest basis may affect the secondary market and the market value of such Covered Bonds as the change of 
the interest basis may result in a lower interest result for Covered Bondholders. Where the Covered Bonds 
convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less 
favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference 
rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds. Where 
the Covered Bond convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an investment in the relevant Covered 
Bonds. 
Interest rate risks 
Investments in Fixed Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds. 
Floating rate risks 
Investments in Floating Rate Covered Bonds involve the risk for the Covered Bondholders of fluctuating 
interest rate levels and uncertain interest earnings. 
Covered Bonds issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory 
discussions and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011, as amended (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU and it, 
among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, 
to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities (such as the Issuer) of "benchmarks" of administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, 
if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the Financial Conduct Authority 
(“FCA”) or registered on the FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmark Regulation and UK Benchmark Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on 
any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, including any of the following: (i) 
an index which is a benchmark could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU 
authorisations or is based in a non-EU jurisdiction which (subject to any applicable transitional provisions) 
does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the particular benchmark and the applicable 
terms of the Covered Bonds, the Covered Bonds could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, redeemed or otherwise 
impacted; and (ii) if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark related to a series of Covered Bonds are 
changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmark Regulation or UK Benchmark Regulation, and 
such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the relevant benchmark and could lead to adjustments to

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
the terms of the Covered Bonds, including determination by the Calculation Agent of the rate or level in its 
discretion.  
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such 
factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to 
certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the 
discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that 
it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight 
rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial 
instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates 
recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was 
published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, 
or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark.  
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have 
other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects 
on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to 
the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Covered Bond linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in 
part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, unlawful or unrepresentative, including the possibility that the rate of interest 
could be set by reference to a successor rate or an alternative rate and that such successor rate or alternative 
reference rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the recommendation of a relevant governmental 
body or in order to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark, 
although the application of such adjustments to the Covered Bonds may not achieve this objective. Any such 
changes may result in the Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower 
interest rate) than if the original benchmark continued to apply. In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback 
of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period 
being used. 
This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate 
which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser (as 
defined in the Conditions), the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered 
Bonds.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the Benchmark Regulation reforms or possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates 
in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Covered Bonds issued, if any, as "Green Covered Bonds" or "Social Covered Bonds" or "Sustainability 
Covered Bonds" may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social 
assets or sustainable assets  
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Covered Bonds under the Programme described 
as "green covered bonds" ("Green Covered Bonds"), "social covered bonds" ("Social Covered Bonds") and 
"sustainability covered bonds" ("Sustainability Covered Bonds") in accordance with the principles set out by 
the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). 
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the offer, 
estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Covered Bonds together with any other 
investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their 
own circumstances. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such 
proceeds for the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, will 
satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by 
any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment 
portfolio mandates.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" 
or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been established in the EU 
with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the "Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") 
on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy") and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 
2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, introducing a first set of 
technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities contribute to the following environmental 
objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change 
mitigation (the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force 
on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary 
Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into force in the 
coming months.  
Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”) which apply from 1 January 
2023.  
Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in a regular review of the relating

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other amendments to reflect technological 
progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published its 
final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). In the context of 
the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European Commission launched a 
targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work 
of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 
2020, the European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the 
intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the 
European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four 
main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the 
EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) 
monitoring and compliance activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external 
reviewers with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as the case may be, 
towards which proceeds of the Covered Bonds are to be applied will meet the investor expectations regarding 
such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" performance objectives (including those set out under the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation) or that any adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not 
occur during the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ from any 
description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework does 
not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, in connection with the issue of Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered 
Bonds and Sustainability Covered Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or 
sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of 
eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-
party opinion regarding the suitability of the Covered Bonds as an investment in connection with certain 
environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A 
Second-party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional 
risk factors discussed above and other factors that may affect the value of the Covered Bonds or the projects 
financed or refinanced toward an amount corresponding to the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green 
Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not 
constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Covered Bonds or Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. A withdrawal of the 
Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green or social or sustainable assets. The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of any 
Second-party Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and such Second-
party Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the 
Second-party Opinion may affect the value of such Green, Social or Sustainability Covered Bonds and/or may 
have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or sustainable 
assets.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
In the event that any such Covered Bonds are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or not 
regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own bylaws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Covered Bonds and Social Covered Bonds. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one 
stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect 
of any such Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained 
during the life of the Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of Social Covered Bonds, Green Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, there 
can be no assurance that the green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being 
implemented in or substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability 
Covered Bonds will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
green, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or 
outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not 
constitute an Issuer Event of Default under the relevant Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds. 
Any such event or failure to apply the proceeds of the issue of the Covered Bonds for any green, social or 
sustainable projects as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of the Covered Bonds and/or 
result in adverse consequences for, amongst others, investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to 
be used for a particular purpose. 
Any failure by the Issuer to comply with its reporting obligations in relation to Green Covered Bonds, Social 
Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds, as applicable, will not constitute an Issuer Event of Default 
under the relevant Covered Bonds. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or 
Sustainability Covered Bonds to fulfil environmental and sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not 
undertaken, nor are responsible for, any assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the 
Green Covered Bonds, Social Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered Bonds meet the eligibility criteria, or 
the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s framework available on its website 
for information and should determine for themselves the relevance of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should be based upon such investigation as they 
deem necessary. 
Tax consequences of holding the Covered Bonds - No Gross-up for Taxes  
Potential investors should consider the tax consequences of investing in the Covered Bonds and consult their 
tax adviser about their own tax situation. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Base Prospectus, if 
withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever nature 
is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer or, as the

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
case may be, the Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments 
or charges for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be. The Issuer shall be obliged to pay 
any additional amounts pursuant to Condition 11 (Taxation) subject to customary exceptions including Decree 
No. 239 withholdings. Neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor shall be obliged to pay any additional amounts to 
the Covered Bondholders in relation to withholdings or deductions on payments made by the Guarantor. 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
Guarantor under the Guarantee. For further details see the section entitled "Taxation". 
European Covered Bond (premium) Label 
The Covered Bonds to be issued under this Base Prospectus are intended to be labelled as “European Covered 
Bond (premium)”, as set out in Article 7-viciesbis of Title I-bis of Law 130, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are in compliance with Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR. Given that the 
labelling of the Covered Bonds as “European Covered Bond (premium)” depends on the fulfilment of legal 
requirements under Law 130, the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of the CRR, investors should 
consider, amongst other things, any regulatory impacts when deciding whether or not to purchase any Covered 
Bonds and assess autonomously the compliance of the Covered Bonds with the applicable regulatory 
framework. No assurance or representation is given as to the assets that comprise the Cover Pool (including, 
without limitation, whether such assets comply with Article 129(1) of the CRR) nor as to any label assigned to 
any Series of Covered Bonds (including, without limitation, where such Covered Bonds are labelled as 
“European Covered Bond (premium)”. Furthermore, no assurance is given whether Covered Bonds labelled as 
European Covered Bond (premium) will continue to maintain such label even after their issuance. 
5. Risks related to the underlying  
Integration limits set forth under Law 130 and art. 129 of the CRR 
The integration of the Cover Pool, whether through Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or through 
Liquid Assets, shall be carried out in accordance with the methods, and subject to the limits, set out in the Law 
130, the Bank of Italy Regulation and in the article 129 of the CRR. More specifically, integration is allowed 
exclusively for the purpose of (a) complying with the tests provided for under the article 7-undecies of Law 
130; (b) complying with the liquidity buffer requirements provided for under the article 7-duodecies of Law 
130; (c) complying with statutory overcollateralization requirements provided for under the article 129, 
paragraph 3a, of the CRR; (d) complying with any contractual overcollateralization requirements agreed by the 
parties to the relevant agreements or (e) complying with the exposure assets limit set forth under article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a), (b), (c) and (d) of the CRR. Investors should note that integration is not allowed in 
circumstances other than as set out in the Law 130 and in the article 129 of the CRR and specified above. 
Limited description of the Cover Pool  
Covered Bondholders will not receive detailed statistics or information in relation to the Mortgage Loans in the 
Cover Pool, because it is expected that the constitution of the Cover Pool will frequently change due to, for 
instance: 
 
the Sellers selling further Mortgage Loans (or types of loans, which are of a type that have not 
previously been comprised in the relevant Portfolio transferred to the Guarantor); and 
 
the Sellers repurchasing Mortgage Loans in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
However, each Mortgage Loan will be required to meet the Eligibility Criteria (see "Description of the Cover 
Pool — Eligibility Criteria") and will be subject to the representations and warranties set out in the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement – see "Overview of the Transaction Documents – Warranty and Indemnity 
Agreement". In addition, the Nominal Value Test is intended to ensure that the aggregate Outstanding Principal

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Balance of the Cover Pool is at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for so 
long as Covered Bonds remain outstanding and the Test Calculation Agent will provide quarterly reports that 
will set out, inter alia, certain information in relation to the Statutory Tests. 
Sale of Eligible Assets following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default  
If an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to the service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor (also through the Master Servicer, pursuant the Master Servicing Agreement) 
may sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets included in 
the Cover Pool (selected on a random basis) (the “Selected Assets”) in order to make payments to the 
Guarantor’s creditors including making payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee, subject to the rights of 
pre-emption in favour of (i) the Seller who had previously transferred such Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor, and (ii) one or more different Sellers selected by the Substitute Servicer of 
the Master Servicer (if any), in consultation with the Issuer, and (iii) the Issuer (other than in case of the Issuer 
Event of Default consists of an Insolvency Event occurring with respect to the Issuer)  in accordance with the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement. For further information, please see the section "Overview of the 
Transaction Documents" – "Cover Pool Management Agreement". 
There is no guarantee that a buyer will be found to acquire Selected Assets at the times required and there can 
be no guarantee or assurance as to the price which can be obtained for such Selected Assets, which may affect 
payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, the Selected Assets may not be sold by the Guarantor 
for less than an amount equal to the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount for the relevant Series of 
Covered Bonds until six months prior to the Maturity Date in respect of such Covered Bonds or (if the same is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms) the Extended Maturity Date under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee in respect of such Covered Bonds. In the six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity Date or 
Extended Maturity Date, if the Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the credit of the 
Accounts available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all payments, 
provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then it is obliged through the Portfolio Manager to sell the 
Selected Assets for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that such price may be less than the 
Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
Realisation of assets following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default  
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor, then the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and to 
apply the proceeds deriving from the realisation of the Cover Pool towards payment of all secured obligations 
in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, as described in the section entitled "Cashflows" 
below. 
There is no guarantee that the proceeds of realisation of the Cover Pool will be in an amount sufficient to repay 
all amounts due to creditors (including the Covered Bondholders) under the Covered Bonds and the 
Transaction Documents. If a Guarantor Default Notice is served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may 
be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Factors that may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and on the Guarantor, the realisable value of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool may be reduced (which may affect the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee) by:

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
default by Debtors of amounts due on their Mortgage Loans; 
 
changes to the lending criteria of the Sellers; 
 
set-off risks in relation to some types of Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool; 
 
limited recourse to the Guarantor; 
 
possible regulatory changes by the Bank of Italy, CONSOB or other regulatory authorities;  
 
regulations in Italy that could lead to some terms of the Mortgage Loans being unenforceable. 
 
the relevant Debtor benefitting of rescheduling or suspension of payments agreements (including 
moratoriums) in accordance with applicable legislation or agreements entered into by the Italian 
Banking Association or other trade associations to which the relevant Seller is a party, or granted on a 
voluntary basis, in order to deal with the COVID-19 outbreak or any other emergencies legislation 
which may be enacted in the future.  
Each of these factors is considered in more detail below. However, it should be noted that the Statutory Tests, 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Amortisation Test, the Minimum OC Requirement and the Eligibility 
Criteria are intended to ensure that there will be an adequate amount of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Assets in the Cover Pool and moneys standing to the credit of the Accounts to enable the 
Guarantor to repay the Covered Bonds following an Issuer Event of Default, service of an Issuer Default Notice 
on the Issuer and on the Guarantor and accordingly it is expected (although there is no assurance) that Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and the Liquid Assets could be realised for sufficient prices to enable the Guarantor 
to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Default by Debtors in paying amounts due on their Mortgage Loans  
Debtors may default on their obligations due under the Mortgage Loans for a variety of reasons. The Mortgage 
Loans are affected by credit, liquidity and interest rate risks. Various factors influence mortgage delinquency 
rates, prepayment rates, repossession frequency and the ultimate payment of interest and principal, such as 
changes in the national or international economic climate, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in 
tax laws, interest rates, inflation, the availability of financing, yields on alternative investments, political 
developments and government policies. Other factors in Debtors' individual, personal or financial 
circumstances may affect the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. Loss of earnings, illness, divorce 
and other similar factors may lead to an increase in default by and bankruptcies of Debtors and could ultimately 
have an adverse impact on the ability of Debtors to repay the Mortgage Loans. In addition, the ability of a 
borrower to sell a property given as security for Mortgage Loan at a price sufficient to repay the amounts 
outstanding under that Mortgage Loan will depend upon a number of factors, including the availability of 
buyers for that property, the value of that property and property values in general at the time. Investors should 
be aware that the abovementioned circumstances may have a negative impact on the future cashflows of the 
Issuer and on its ability to pay interest and principal of the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to the lending criteria of the Sellers  
Each of the Mortgage Loans originated by the Seller will have been originated in accordance with its lending 
criteria at the time of origination. It is expected that the Seller's lending criteria will generally consider type of 
property, term of loan, age of applicant, the loan-to-value ratio, mortgage indemnity guarantee policies, high 
loan-to-value fees, status of applicants and credit history. In the event of the sale or transfer of any Mortgage 
Loans to the Guarantor, each Seller will warrant that such Mortgage Loans were originated in accordance with 
the Seller's lending criteria applicable at the time of origination The Sellers retain the right to revise its lending 
criteria from time to time subject to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. However, if such

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
lending criteria change in a manner that affects the creditworthiness of the Mortgage Loans, that may lead to 
increased defaults by Debtors and may affect the realisable value of the Cover Pool and the ability of the 
Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. However, it should be noted that Defaulted 
Loans (including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR has 
occurred) in the Cover Pool will be given a reduced weighting for the purposes of the calculation of the 
Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
Mortgage borrower protection  
Certain legislation enacted in Italy has given new rights and certain benefits to mortgage debtors and/or 
reinforced existing rights, including, inter alia, and as better regulated under the relevant applicable laws and 
regulations, (i) the right of prepayment of the principal amount of the mortgage loan, without incurring a 
penalty or, as applicable, at a reduced penalty rate, (ii) the right to the substitution (portabilità) of a mortgage 
loan with another mortgage loan, (iii) the right of first home-owners to suspend instalment payments under 
mortgage loans up to a maximum of two times and for a maximum aggregate period of 18 months, (iv) the right 
to suspend the payment of principal instalments relating to mortgage loans for a 12 months period, (v) the 
automatic suspension of instalment payments of mortgages and loans, up to certain periods, to residents, both 
individuals and businesses, in certain municipalities affected by environmental disasters and listed in the 
relevant laws and regulations. 
The consequence of the above is that a material part of the Portfolio could be subject to suspension of 
payments, as consequence of which the Issuer may envisage certain negative impacts, which may not be 
predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus, including negative cash shortfalls which could affect the ability 
of the Issuer to pay timely interest on the Covered Bonds and/or increase in the activities necessary for the 
servicing of the Portfolio. 
Article 120-quater of the Consolidated Banking Act  
Article 120-quater of the Consolidated Banking Act provides that any borrower may at any time prepay the 
relevant loan funding such prepayment by a loan granted by another lender which will be subrogated pursuant 
to article 1202 of the Italian civil code (surrogato per volontà del debitore) in the rights of the former lender, 
including the mortgages (without any formalities for the annotation of the transfer with the land registry, which 
shall be requested by enclosing a certified copy of the deed of subrogation (atto di surrogazione) to be made in 
the form of a public deed (atto pubblico) or of a deed certified by a notary public with respect to the signature 
(scrittura privata autenticata) without prejudice to any benefits of a fiscal nature. 
In the event that the subrogation is not completed within thirty days from the relevant request from the 
succeeding lender to the former lender to start the relevant cooperation procedures, the original lender shall pay 
to the borrower an amount equal to 1 per cent. of the amount of the loan for each month or part thereof of 
delay, provided that if the delay is due to the succeeding lender, the latter shall repay to the former lender the 
delay penalty paid by it to the borrower. 
As a consequence of the above and, as a result of the subrogation, the rate of prepayment of the mortgage 
Receivables might materially increase. 
Borrower’s right to suspend payments under a mortgage loan  
Pursuant to the combined provisions of Article 2, paragraph 475 and ff. of Italian law number 244 of 24 
December 2007 and the “Solidarity Fund for first home-owners” (Fondo di sospensione mutui per l’acquisto 
della prima casa) (the “2008 Budget Law”) any borrower under a mortgage loan agreement executed for the 
purposes of acquiring a “first home” real estate property (unità immobiliare da adibire ad abitazione 
principale) giving evidence of its incapability to pay any instalments falling due under a mortgage loan is 
entitled to suspend payment of any such instalments for no more than two times during the life of the relevant

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
mortgage loan and for a maximum duration of 18 months (the “Borrower Payment Suspension Right”). Upon 
exercise of the Borrower Payment Suspension Right the duration of the relevant mortgage loan will be 
extended to a period equal to the duration of the relevant suspension period. 
The 2008 Budget Law also provided for the establishment of a fund (so called “Fondo di solidarietà”, the 
“Fund”) created for the purpose of bearing certain costs deriving from the suspension of payments and refers to 
implementing regulation to be issued for the determination of: (i) the requirements that the borrowers must 
comply with in order to have the right to the aforementioned suspension and the subsequent aid of the Fund; 
and (ii) the formalities and operating procedures of the Fund. 
On 21 June 2010, the Ministry of Treasury and Finance (Ministro dell’economia e delle finanze) adopted 
ministerial decree No. 132, as further amended (“Decree 132/2010”) detailing the requirements and formalities 
which any Borrower must comply with in order to exercise the Borrower Payment Suspension Right. 
Pursuant to Decree 132/2010, the Ministry of Economy and Finance, on 27 October 2010, issued the guidelines 
(Linee Guida) (the “Guidelines”) – published on the website www.dt.tesoro.it (for the avoidance of doubt, such 
website does not constitute part of this Base Prospectus) which establish the procedures that borrowers must 
follow in order to exercise the Borrower Payment Suspension Right. 
As specified in the Guidelines, pursuant to the provision of Decree 132, the Borrower Payment Suspension 
Right can be granted also in favour of mortgage loans which have been subject to covered bonds transactions 
pursuant to the Law 130. 
In light of the above, pursuant to the Decree of the General Director of Treasury Department of the Ministry of 
Economy and Finance issued on 14 September 2010, CONSAP (Concessionaria Servizi Assicurativi S.p.A.), 
was selected as managing company of the Fund. The request to access to the aid granted by the Fund must be 
presented by borrowers starting from 15 November 2010, by using the relevant form of suspension-request duly 
prepared in compliance with the Guidelines and accompanied by the relevant documentation indicated therein. 
Any borrower who complies with the requirements set out in Decree 132 and the Guidelines, has the right to 
suspend the payment of the instalments of its mortgage Receivables up to 18 months. 
Furthermore, Law Decree No. 18 of 17 March 2020 extended for a 9-month period starting from 17 March 
2020 the provisions relating to the Fund - which initially applied exclusively t– employees - to the self-
employed professionals. Eligibility is subject to completing a self-certification that in any quarterly period 
following 21 February 2020 – or, if shorter, the period between the date of the application and 21 February 
2020 – the relevant individual has suffered a decrease in turnover of more than 33% in the last quarter of 2019 
as a result of the closure or restriction of its activity due to COVID-19. 
Finally, pursuant to Article 8, paragraph 6, of Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011, converted into law by law 
No. 106 of 12 July 2011 (the “Decreto Sviluppo”), subject to certain conditions and up to 31 December 2012, 
certain borrowers may achieve (i) a renegotiation of mortgage loans which may result in the amendment of the 
interest calculation method from floating rate to fixed rate and (ii) the extension of the applicable amortisation 
plan of the relevant mortgage loan for a period not longer than five years, provided that, as a result of such 
extension, the residual duration of the relevant mortgage loan does not exceed a period equal to 25 years. 
Moreover, on 31 March 2015 ABI and the consumers’ associations, in accordance with the provisions of the 
Finance Act 2015, as defined below, entered into an agreement pursuant to which, within 31 December 2017, 
consumers who are in a situation of economic difficulties, as further specified by the agreement, may ask for 
the suspension of payment of instalments relating to mortgage loans having a maturity of at least 24 months, in 
accordance with the previous agreements reached between ABI and consumers associations.

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
On 27 November 2017, ABI and the consumers’ associations, in order to provide continuity to the 
abovementioned measures, have agreed to extend the agreement until 31 July 2018. On 15 November 2018 the 
ABI and the Associations representing companies signed a new Credit Agreement (Accordo per il Credito 
2019) providing for the introduction of some adjustments to the measures addressed to “Enterprises”in 
Recovery", relating to the suspension and extension of loans to small and medium-sized enterprises, provided 
for in the 2015 Credit Agreement (the “2019 Italian Credit Agreement”).  
Prospective investors’ attention is drawn to the fact that the potential effects of the suspension schemes and the 
impact thereof on the amortisation and prepayment profile of the Cover Pool cannot be predicted by the Issuer 
as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Renegotiations of floating rate Mortgage Loans  
Law Decree No. 93 of 27 May 2008 (“Law Decree 93”), converted into law No. 126 of 24 July 2008 (“Law 
126”) which came into force on 29 May 2008, regulates the renegotiation of floating rate mortgage loans 
granted for the purposes of purchasing, building or refurbishing real estate assets used as main houses. 
According to Law 126, the Ministero dell’Economia e delle Finanze (Minister of Economy and Finance) and 
the ABI entered into a convention providing for the procedures for the renegotiation of such floating rate 
mortgage loans (the “Convention”). 
The Convention applies to floating rate mortgage loan agreements entered into or taken over (accollati), also 
further to the parcelling (frazionamento) of the relevant mortgages, before 29 May 2008. Pursuant to the 
Convention, the instalments payable by a borrower under any of such mortgage loan agreements will be 
recalculated applying (a) a fixed interest rate (equal to the average of the floating rate interest rates applied 
under the relevant mortgage loan agreement during 2006) on the initial principal amount and for the original 
final maturity date of the relevant mortgage loan, or (b) if the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated 
or taken over (accollato) after 31 December 2006, the parameters used for the calculation of the first instalment 
due after the date on which the mortgage loan has been entered into, renegotiated or taken over (accollato). The 
difference between the amount to be paid by the borrower as a result of such recalculation and the amount that 
the borrower would have paid on the basis of the original instalment plan will be (a) if negative, debited to a 
bank account on which interest will accrue in favour of the lender at the lower of (i) the rate equal to 10 (ten) 
IRS (interest rate swap) plus a spread of 0.50, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage 
loan, each of them calculated, in a fixed amount, on the renegotiation date, or (b) if positive, credited to such 
bank account. After the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan, the outstanding debt on the bank 
account will be repaid by the borrower through constant instalments equal to the ones resulting from the 
renegotiation, and the amortisation plan will be determined on the basis of the lower of (a) the rate applicable 
on the bank account, and (ii) the rate applicable pursuant to the relevant mortgage loan, as calculated, in a fixed 
amount, on the original final maturity date of the mortgage loan. 
The legislation referred to in each subparagraph under section “Mortgage borrower protection” above 
constitutes an adverse effect on the Cover Pool and, in particular, on any cash flow projections concerning the 
Cover Pool as well as on the over-collateralisation required. However, as this legislation is relatively new, as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in a position to predict its impact. 
Mortgage Credit Directive  
Directive 2014/17/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 4 February 2014 on credit agreements 
for consumers relating to residential immovable property and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2013/36/EU and Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010 (the “Mortgage Credit Directive”) sets out a common 
framework for certain aspects of the laws, regulations and administrative provisions of the Member States

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
concerning agreements covering credit for consumers secured by a mortgage or otherwise relating to residential 
immovable property. The Mortgage Credit Directive provides for, amongst other things: 
 
standard information in advertising, and standard pre-contractual information; 
 
adequate explanations to the borrower on the proposed credit agreement and any ancillary service; 
 
calculation of the annual percentage rate of charge in accordance with a prescribed formula; 
 
assessment of creditworthiness of the borrower; 
 
a right of the borrower to make early repayment of the credit agreement; and 
 
prudential and supervisory requirements for credit intermediaries and non-bank lenders. 
The Mortgage Credit Directive came into effect on 20 March 2014 and is required to be implemented in 
Member States by 21 March 2016. 
On 1 June 2015, in accordance with Article 18, Article 20(1) and Article 28 of the Mortgage Credit Directive, 
the EBA published its final Guidelines on creditworthiness assessment, as well as its final Guidelines on arrears 
and foreclosure, that support the national implementation by Member States of the Mortgage Credit Directive. 
In Italy the Government has approved the Legislative Decree no. 72 of 21 April 2016, implementing the 
Mortgage Credit Directive and published on the Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy on 20 May 2016 (the 
“Mortgage Legislative Decree”). 
The Mortgage Legislative Decree clarifies that the new legal framework shall apply, inter alia, to (i) residential 
mortgage loans and (ii) loans relating to the purchase or preservation of the property rights on a residential 
immovable. 
Moreover such decree sets forth certain rules of correctness, diligence and transparency and information 
undertakings applicable to the lenders and intermediaries which offer loans to the consumers and provides that 
without prejudice to article 2744 of Italian civil code, the parties may expressly agree in a specific clause at the 
closing of a loan agreements that in case of breach of the borrower’s payment obligations under the agreement 
(i.e. non-payment of an amount equal to eighteen loan instalments due and payable by the debtor) the transfer 
or the sale of the mortgaged assets has as a consequence that the entire debt is settled even if the value of the 
assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of the assets is lower than the remaining amount due by the debtor 
in relation to the loan. Otherwise if the estimated value of the assets or the proceeds deriving from the sale of 
the assets is higher than the remaining amount due by the debtor, the excess amount shall be returned to the 
consumer.  
The provisions introduced by the Mortgage Legislative Decree allow the automatic transfer of the property 
subject to security from the debtor to the relevant creditor in discharge of all the relevant outstanding 
obligations. Provided that certain risks may arise from the management by the creditor of the relevant property, 
such new legislation is expected to facilitate the recovery of the relevant claims.  
On 29 September 2016, the Ministry of Economy and Finance – Chairman of CICR (Comitato Interministeriale 
per il Credito e il Risparmio) issued decree no. 380 (the “Decree 380”) which implemented Chapter 1-bis of 
Title VI of the Consolidated Banking Act, with the view to creating a transparent and efficient market for 
consumer mortgage credit and providing an adequate level of protection to consumers. Further to Decree 380, 
on 30 September 2016, the Bank of Italy has amended the supervisory regulations on transparency and 
correctness in the relationships between intermediaries and clients (disposizioni di vigilanza in materia di 
trasparenza delle operazioni e dei servizi bancari e finanziari; correttezza delle relazioni tra intermediari e 
clienti) of 29 July 2009, as subsequently amended, in order to implement the transparency provisions of laid 
down by the Mortgage Credit Directive and by the Mortgage Credit Legislative Decree.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of 
such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given that the implementation of the Mortgage Legislative Decree will not adversely affect 
the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
6. Risks related to the Guarantor and the Covered Bond Guarantee  
Guarantor only obliged to pay Guaranteed Amounts when they are due for payment  
The Guarantor has no obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee 
until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. Following service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor, under the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor will only be obliged to pay 
Guaranteed Amounts as and when the same are due for payment on each Interest Payment Date, provided that, 
in the case of any amounts representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid as at the 
original Maturity Date, the Guarantor may pay such amounts on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to 
(and including) the Extended Maturity Date and in the case of Covered Bonds whose principal is payable in 
instalments, the Guarantor may defer such instalments for a period of one year until the relevant Extended 
Instalment Date. Such Guaranteed Amounts will be paid subject to and in accordance with the Guarantee 
Priority of Payments or the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. In these circumstances the Guarantor will 
not be obliged to pay any other amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds which become payable for any other 
reason. 
Subject to any grace period, if the Guarantor fails to make a payment when due for payment under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee or any other Guarantor Event of Default occurs, then the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will accelerate the obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee by service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, whereupon the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have a claim under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount of each Covered Bond, 
together with accrued interest and all other amounts then due under the Covered Bonds. Following service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, the amounts due from the Guarantor shall be applied by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, and Covered 
Bondholders will receive amounts from the Guarantor on an accelerated basis. If a Guarantor Default Notice is 
served on the Guarantor then the Covered Bonds may be repaid sooner or later than expected or not at all. 
Limited resources available to the Guarantor  
The Guarantor's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee will depend on (a) the 
amount of interest and principal generated by the Portfolio and/or the Eligible Investments and the timing 
thereof and (b) amounts received from any Swap Provider. The Guarantor will not have any other source of 
funds available to meet its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
If a Guarantor Event of Default occurs and the Covered Bond Guarantee is enforced, the proceeds of 
enforcement may not be sufficient to meet the claims of all the secured creditors, including the Covered 
Bondholders. If, following enforcement and realisation of the assets in the Cover Pool, creditors have not 
received the full amount due to them pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Documents, then they may still 
have an unsecured claim against the Issuer for the shortfall. 
Covered Bondholders should note that the Nominal Value Test and the Amortisation Test have been structured 
to ensure that the Nominal Value of the Portfolio and the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount, as 
applicable, shall be greater than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds. In 
addition, the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulation provide for certain further mandatory tests aimed at 
ensuring that, inter alia, (a) the net present value of the Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be greater than or

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
equal to the net present value of the Covered Bonds; and (b) the amount of interest and other revenues 
generated by the Portfolio (net of certain costs) shall be greater than or equal to the interest and costs due by the 
Issuer under the Covered Bonds (in this respect, please make reference to the section "Credit Structure"). 
There is no guarantee that the Issuer will have sufficient funds to pay that shortfall. 
Reliance of the Guarantor on third parties  
The Guarantor has entered into agreements with a number of third parties, which have agreed to perform 
services for the Guarantor. In particular, but without limitation, the Master Servicer and the Servicers have been 
appointed to service Portfolios sold to the Guarantor and the Test Calculation Agent has been appointed to 
calculate and monitor compliance with the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure 
Assets Limit, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement in accordance with the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement. In the event that any of these parties fails to perform its obligations under the relevant 
agreement to which it is a party, the realisable value of the Cover Pool or any part thereof or pending such 
realisation (if the Cover Pool or any part thereof cannot be sold) the ability of the Guarantor to make payments 
under the Covered Bond Guarantee may be affected. For instance, if the Master Servicer and/or the Servicers 
have failed to administer the Mortgage Loans adequately, this may lead to higher incidences of non-payment or 
default by Debtors. The Guarantor may also be reliant on the Swap Providers, if any, to provide it with the 
funds matching its obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee, as described below. 
The Guarantor has undertaken to use reasonable endeavors to appoint a back-up servicer within 45 days from 
the date on which the Master Servicer's long-term rating has been downgraded below the rating levels 
indicated in the Master Servicing Agreement. 
In the event that the long-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the Master Servicer falls 
below the rating levels indicated in the Master Servicing Agreement, (i) the Master Servicer shall 
immediately communicate such event to the Guarantor, (ii) each Servicer shall immediately communicate 
such event to the Guarantor, and (iii) the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
promptly identify one or more Back-up Servicers meeting the requirements provided for such appointment. 
If a servicer termination event occurs pursuant to the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement, then the 
Guarantor and/or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled to terminate the appointment 
of the Master Servicer and/or the Servicers and appoint a Substitute Servicer in its place. There can be no 
assurance that a Substitute Servicer with sufficient experience of administering mortgages of residential and 
commercial properties would be found who would be willing and able to service the Mortgage Loans on the 
terms of the Master Servicing Agreement. The ability of Substitute Servicer to perform fully the required 
services would depend, among other things, on the information, software and records available at the time of 
the appointment. Any delay or inability to appoint a Substitute Servicer may affect the realisable value of the 
Cover Pool or any part thereof, and/or the ability of the Guarantor to make payments under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
The Servicer does not have any obligation to advance payments if the Debtors fail to make any payments in a 
timely fashion. Covered Bondholders will have no right to consent to or approve of any actions taken by the 
Master Servicer and/or the Servicers under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is not obliged in any circumstances to act as the Master 
Servicer and/or the Servicers or to monitor the performance by the Master Servicer and/or the Servicers of its 
obligations. 
Reliance on the Swap Provider

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
To hedge against possible variations in the performance of the indexations in the Portfolio and the relevant 
benchmark rate with a certain designated maturity, the Guarantor may enter into one or more Swap Agreement 
with one or more Swap Provider.  
If the Guarantor fails to make timely payments of amounts due under any Swap Agreement that may be entered 
into, then it will (unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement) have defaulted under that Swap 
Agreement. A Swap Provider, unless otherwise stated in the relevant Swap Agreement, is only obliged to make 
payments to the Guarantor as long as the Guarantor complies with its payment obligations under the relevant 
Swap Agreement. 
In circumstances where non-payment by the Guarantor under a Swap Agreement does not result in a default 
under that Swap Agreement, the Swap Provider may be obliged to make payments to the Guarantor pursuant to 
the Swap Agreement as if payment had been made by the Guarantor. Any amounts not paid by the Guarantor to 
a Swap Provider may in such circumstances incur additional amounts of interest by the Guarantor, which would 
rank senior to the amounts due on the Covered Bonds. 
If the Swap Provider is not obliged to make payments or if it defaults in its obligations to make payments of 
amounts in the relevant currency equal to the full amount to be paid to the Guarantor on the payment date under 
the Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may be exposed to changes in the relevant currency exchange rates to Euro 
and to any changes in the relevant rates of interest. In addition, subject to the then current ratings (if any) of the 
Covered Bonds not being adversely affected, the Guarantor may hedge only part of the possible risk and, in 
such circumstances, may have insufficient funds to make payments under the Covered Bonds or the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
If a Swap Agreement terminates, then the Guarantor may be obliged to make a termination payment to the 
relevant Swap Provider. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor will have sufficient funds available to 
make such termination payment, nor can there be any assurance that the Guarantor will be able to enter into a 
replacement swap agreement with an adequately rated counterparty. In addition the Swap Agreement may 
provide that notwithstanding the downgrading of a Swap Agreement and the failure by such Swap Agreement 
to take the remedial action set out in the relevant Swap Agreement, the Guarantor may not terminate the Swap 
Agreement until a replacement swap provider has been found. There can be no assurance that the Guarantor 
will be able to enter into a replacement swap agreement with a replacement swap counterparty with the 
required ratings. 
If the Guarantor is obliged to pay a termination payment under any Swap Agreement, such termination 
payment will, following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, rank pari passu and pro rata with amounts due 
to Covered Bondholders under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, payments by the Guarantor under the Swap Agreement, 
including any termination payment due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider 
is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party, will rank pari passu and pro rata to amounts due on the 
Covered Bonds under the Covered Bond Guarantee. Accordingly, the obligation to pay a termination payment 
may adversely affect the ability of the Guarantor to meet their respective obligations under the Covered Bonds 
or the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
No gross up on withholding tax  
In respect of payments made by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee, to the extent that the 
Guarantor is required by law to withhold or deduct any present or future taxes of any kind imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of the Republic of Italy from such payments, the Guarantor will not be under an obligation to pay 
any additional amounts to Covered Bondholders, irrespective of whether such withholding or deduction arises

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
from existing legislation or its application or interpretation as at the relevant Issue Date or from changes in such 
legislation, application or official interpretation after the Issue Date. 
Extendible obligations under the Covered Bond Guarantee   
Upon failure by the Issuer to pay the Final Redemption Amount of a Series of Covered Bonds on their relevant 
Maturity Date (subject to applicable grace periods) and if payment of the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding 
to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of such Series of the Covered Bonds is not made in full by the 
Guarantor on or before the Extension Determination Date, then payment of such Guaranteed Amounts shall be 
automatically deferred. This will occur if the Final Terms for a relevant Series of Covered Bonds provides that 
such Covered Bonds are subject to an extended maturity date (the "Extended Maturity Date") to which the 
payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be 
deferred in the event that the Final Redemption Amount is not paid in full on or before the Extension 
Determination Date. 
To the extent that the Guarantor has received an Issuer Default Notice in sufficient time and has sufficient 
moneys available to pay in part the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Final Redemption 
Amount in respect of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds, the Guarantor shall make partial payment of the 
relevant Final Redemption Amount in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments and as described in 
Conditions 9(b) (Extension of maturity) and 12(b) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice). Payment of all unpaid 
amounts shall be deferred automatically until the applicable Extended Maturity Date provided that any amount 
representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid on the Extension Determination Date 
may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter, up to (and including) the relevant 
Extended Maturity Date. Interest will continue to accrue and be payable on the unpaid amount in accordance 
with Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity) and the Guarantor will pay Guaranteed Amounts, constituting 
interest due on each Interest Payment Date and on the Extended Maturity Date. In these circumstances, failure 
by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date will (subject to 
any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to pay the deferred 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to any applicable 
grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Similarly, in respect of Covered Bonds that may be redeemed in instalments, if an Extended Instalment Date is 
specified in the Final Terms and both (a) the Issuer on the Covered Bond Instalment Date and (b) the Guarantor 
on the relevant Instalment Extension Determination Date fail to pay a Covered Bond Instalment Amount, the 
requirement to pay such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and all subsequently due and payable Covered 
Bond Instalment Amounts shall be deferred by one year until their Extended Instalment Dates. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date 
falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls  
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
Covered Bonds, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds 
and (3) the Investor’s Currency equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. Government and monetary 
authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could adversely affect an 
applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no 
interest or principal. 
7. Risks related to the offer to the public and admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated 
market 
Limited secondary market  
There is, at present, a secondary market for the Covered Bonds but it is neither active nor liquid, and there can 
be no assurance that an active or liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop. The Covered 
Bonds have not been, and will not be, offered to any persons or entities in the United States of America or 
registered under any securities laws and are subject to certain restrictions on the resale and other transfers 
thereof as set forth under section entitled "Subscription and Sale". If an active or liquid secondary market 
develops, it may not continue for the life of the Covered Bonds or it may not provide Covered Bondholders 
with liquidity of investment with the result that a Covered Bondholder may not be able to find a buyer to buy 
its Covered Bonds readily or at prices that will enable the Covered Bondholder to realise a desired yield. 
Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Covered Bonds. In addition, Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated market and, in these 
circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and market prices of such 
Covered Bonds may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell its 
Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally 
be restricted by country specific reasons. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors  
Each potential investor in the Covered Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its 
own circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Covered Bonds are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk 
to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Covered Bonds which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Covered

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
Bonds will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Covered Bonds and the 
impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section constitutes an overview of the structure relating to the Programme. The following overview does 
not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the remainder of this Base 
Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
applicable Final Terms. Words and expressions defined elsewhere in this Base Prospectus shall have the same 
meaning in this overview. 
 
 
 
 
 
Proceeds from
Covered Bond
Covered Bond
Asset Monitor
Swap Agreements
(as applicable)
Covered Bond 
Investors 
Swap
Providers, if 
necessary 
Monitoring
Repayment of the 
Intercompany Loan
Intercompany Loan
Iccrea Covered Bond 
S.r.l. 
(Guarantor) 
BCCs
(Sellers) 
BCCs
(Sellers) 
Transfer of  
Assets
Purchase  
Price
Repayment of the 
Subordinated Loan
Subordinated Loan
Supervision
Guarantee
Representative of 
Covered Bondholders
Representing 
Covered 
Bondholders

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
INFORMATION INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the documents incorporated by 
reference, described below, which form part of this Base Prospectus: 
 
the audited separate and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and%20se
parate%20financial%20statements%20at%20December%2031,%202022.pdf); 
 
the audited separate and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and%20se
parate%20financial%20statements%20at%20december%2031,%202021.pdf);  
 
the unaudited financial statements, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 
and for the six month period ended 30 June 2022 (available at the following link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20Consolidated%20and%20S
eparate%20Financial%20Statements%20at%20June%2030,%202022.pdf); 
 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/BilanciSPV/2022/Iccrea%20Covered%20Bond_Financial%20Statements%20
2022.pdf); 
 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/BilanciSPV/2021/Iccrea%20Covered%20Bond_Financial%20Statements%20
2021_new.pdf); 
 
the press release dated 3 April 2023 entitled “BCC Iccrea Group: 2023-2025 Business Plan approved” 
setting out the Group’s economic objectives for the years 2023-2025 (the “2023-2025 Business Plan 
Objectives”) 
(the 
"3 
April 
2023 
Press 
Release") 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documenti_GBI/ComunicatoStampa/Press%20Release%20Business%20
Plan%2023%2025.pdf); 
 
the press release dated 15 May 2023 entitled "BCC Iccrea Group: Consolidated results as at 31 March 
2023" 
(the 
"15 
May 
2023 
Press 
Release") 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documenti_GBI/ComunicatoStampa/15.05.2023_PR%201Q23_BCC%2
0ICCREA%20GROUP%20def.pdf). 
save that any statement contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein 
modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall be deemed, except as so modified or superseded, not to constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2021, and the unaudited financial statements, and the unaudited consolidated 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2022, have been prepared in 
accordance with IFRS, as adopted by the EU and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of,

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
this Base Prospectus, together (where applicable) with the accompanying notes and auditor's reports or the 
auditor's review reports as the case may be, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any 
of the documents incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation modifies 
or supersedes such statement. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above which is 
not included in the cross-reference list below in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by reference and is 
either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, 
unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the website 
referred to in this Base Prospectus referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, provide, free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus). 
Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of any of the Paying 
Agents or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In addition such documents will be 
available, without charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Cross-reference lists 
The following tables shows where the information required under article 19(2) of the Prospectus Regulation 
can be found in the above-mentioned documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
 
Audited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer as at and 
for the year ended 31 December: 
 
 
2022 
2021 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance 
Measures
 
96-97 
116-117 
Consolidated balance sheet 
 
101-102 
121-122 
Consolidated income statement 
 
103 
123 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive 
income
 
104 
124 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
shareholders' equity
 
105-106 
125-126 
Statement of changes in consolidated cash 
flows
 
107 
127 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
109-363 
129-389 
Independent Auditor's report 
 
381-386 
419-424 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
403-404 
441-442 
Income Statement 
 
405 
443 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
406 
444 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
 
407-408 
445-446 
Statement of cash flows 
 
409 
447 
Notes to the financial statements
411-645
449-687
Independent Auditor's report 
 
661-667 
691-697 
 
Unaudited Consolidated and Separate Financial Statements of the Issuer as at and for the period ended 
30 June 2022 
 
Page

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Consolidated balance sheet 
89-90 
Consolidated income statement 
91 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
92 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders' equity at June 30, 2022 
93-94 
Statement of cash flows: indirect method 
95 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
101-261 
Auditor's review report on interim consolidated 
financial statements
265-266 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
283-284 
Income Statement 
285 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
286 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity at June 30, 2022 
287-288 
Statement of cash flows: indirect method 
289 
Notes to the financial statements
295-444
Auditor's review report on interim financial statements 
447-448 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance Measures 
84-85 
 
Audited Annual Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
 
Page 
Balance Sheet 
1-2 
Income Statement 
3 
Cash Flows Statements 
4 
Notes to the financial statements 
5-22 
Sole Director’s report 
23-52 
Independent auditor's report 
53-56 
 
Audited Annual Financial Statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
 
Page 
Balance Sheet 
2 
Income Statement 
3-5 
Notes to the financial statements 
5-54 
Independent auditor's report 
55-58 
 
3 April 2023 Press Release 
Page 
 
Whole document (pages 1-9) 
 
 
15 May 2023 Press Release 
Page 
 
Whole document (pages 1-5)

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds (the "Conditions" and, each of them, 
a "Condition"). In these Conditions, references to the "holder" of Covered Bonds and to the "Covered 
Bondholders" are to the ultimate owners of the Covered Bonds. The Covered Bonds will be held by Monte 
Titoli (as defined below) on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption and cancellation for the 
account of each relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Clearstream 
and Euroclear. The Covered Bonds will at all times be in book entry form and title to the bonds be evidenced by 
book entries with Monte Titoli in accordance with (i) the provisions of Article 83-bis et seq. of the Financial 
Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the 
Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented. 
The Covered Bondholders are deemed to have notice of and are bound by, and shall have the benefit of, inter 
alia, the terms of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders attached to, and forming part of, these 
Conditions. In addition, the applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Covered Bonds may specify 
issue-specific details not known on the date of approval which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent 
inconsistent with the Conditions, complete the Conditions for the purpose of such Tranche. 
1. 
Introduction 
a) 
Programme 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo (the "Issuer") has established a Covered Bond 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to Euro 10,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount 
of covered bonds (the "Covered Bonds") guaranteed by Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Guarantor"). 
Covered Bonds are issued pursuant to Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time 
to time (the "Law 130"), article 129 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time (the "CRR") and the supervisory guidelines of the Bank of Italy set out in 
Part III, Chapter 3 of the “Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche” (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 2013), 
as replaced, amended and supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations" and together with 
Law 130 and CRR, the “Covered Bond Regulations”). 
b) 
Final Terms 
Covered Bonds are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each 
a "Tranche") of Covered Bonds. Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which 
complete these Conditions. The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Covered Bonds 
are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms.  
c) 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
Each Series of Covered Bonds is the subject of a guarantee dated on or about 15 July 2021, as amended from 
time to time (the "Covered Bond Guarantee") entered into by the Guarantor for the purpose of guaranteeing 
the payments due from the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds of all Series issued under the Programme and 
to the Other Creditors. The Covered Bond Guarantee will be collateralised by a cover pool constituted by 
certain assets assigned from time to time to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement 
(as defined below) and in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations. 
d) 
Programme Agreement and Subscription Agreement 
In respect of each Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme, the Relevant Dealer(s) (as 
defined below) has or have agreed to subscribe for the Covered Bonds and pay the Issuer the issue price 
specified in the Final Terms for the Covered Bonds on the Issue Date under the terms of a programme 
agreement dated on or about 15 July 2021, as amended from time to time (the "Programme Agreement") 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the dealer(s) 
named therein (the "Dealers"), as supplemented (if applicable) by a subscription agreement entered into

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
between the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Relevant Dealer(s) (as defined below) on or around the date of the 
relevant Final Terms (the "Subscription Agreement"). In the Programme Agreement, the Dealers have 
appointed Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. as representative of the Covered Bondholders (in such 
capacity, the "Representative of the Covered Bondholders"), as described in Condition 14 (Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders). 
e) 
Master Definitions Agreement 
In a master definitions agreement dated on or about 15 July 2021, as amended from time to time (the "Master 
Definitions Agreement") between certain of the parties to each of the Transaction Documents (as defined 
below), the definitions of certain terms used in the Transaction Documents have been agreed. 
f) 
The Covered Bonds 
Except where stated otherwise, all subsequent references in these Conditions to "Covered Bonds" are to the 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms, but all references to "each Series of Covered 
Bonds" are to (i) the Covered Bonds which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms and (ii) each other 
Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme which remains outstanding from time to time. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds, Amortising Covered Bonds or a combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis 
shown in the applicable Final Terms. The Covered Bonds may be repayable in one or more instalments, 
depending on the Redemption/Payment Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. Each Series shall be 
comprised of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only or Floating Rate Covered Bonds only or Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds only or such other Covered Bonds accruing interest on such other basis and at such other rate as may be 
so specified in the relevant Final Terms only. 
g) 
Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders are attached to, and form an integral part of, these 
Conditions. References in these Conditions to the "Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" 
include such rules as from time to time modified in accordance with the provisions contained therein and any 
agreement or other document expressed to be supplemental thereto. 
h) 
Summaries 
Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Transaction Documents and are subject to their 
detailed provisions. Covered Bondholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by and are deemed to have 
notice of all the provisions of the Transaction Documents and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders applicable to them. Copies of the Transaction Documents are available for inspection by the 
Covered Bondholders during normal business hours at the registered office of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders from time to time and, where applicable, at the Specified Offices of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below). 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
In case of any conflict between the definition of any term included in these Conditions and the definition of 
same term set out in the Master Definitions Agreement, the definition set out under these Conditions shall 
prevail. 
a) 
Definitions 
Unless defined under Condition 1 (Introduction) above, in these Conditions the following expressions have the 
following meanings: 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expenses Account, the Transitory Collection Accounts, the Collection 
Account, the Cash Reserve Account, the Investment Account, the Payments Account, the Quota Capital 
Account, the Swap Collateral Accounts (if any), the Securities Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Account

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
(if any), the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any) and any other account opened from time to time in 
connection with the Programme. 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as account bank, or any other 
depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement;  
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Amortisation Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date following the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Amortisation 
Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the aggregate Outstanding Principal 
Amount of each Series of Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date; 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; 
“Amortising Covered Bonds” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Arrangers" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Iccrea Banca. 
“Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event has been 
revoked. 
"Asset Monitor" means Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., acting as such pursuant to the engagement letter entered 
into with the Issuer on or about 15 July 2021, and the Asset Monitor Agreement, both as amended and restated 
from time to time; 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 
between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and restated from time to time; 
“Asset Swap Agreement” means any swap or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at hedging the interest 
rate risk and/or if applicable the currency risk related to each Portfolio, that may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the relevant Asset Swap Provider on or about each Transfer Date, as amended and restated from 
time to time.  
"Asset Swap Provider" means any entity acting as asset swap provider to the Guarantor under an Asset Swap 
Agreement; 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
"Business Day Convention" in relation to any particular date, has the meaning ascribed to such term in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a 
Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation management and 
payments agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Test Calculation Agent, the Operating Bank and the Account Bank, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Cash Reserve Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank (IBAN: IT52H0347901600000802443102) or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Cash Reserve Amount" means  an amount, determined on or prior to each Guarantor Calculation Date, 
sufficient to ensure that the Guarantor would have sufficient funds set aside and readily available to pay in the 
immediately following six months starting from the relevant Guarantor Payment Date (i) interest amounts due 
in relation to all outstanding series of Covered Bonds, plus (ii) all costs and expenses ranking under items (i) to 
(iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments; 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream S.A.; 
"Collection Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
Account Bank into which all the Collections will be transferred from the Transitory Collection Accounts; 
"Collection Period" means each quarterly period starting on the first day (included) of January, April, July and 
October and ending on the last day (included) of March, June, September and December; 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa; 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from time 
to time; 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 15 July 
2021 between the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor, pursuant to which the Guarantor Corporate 
Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to 
time; 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the cover pool management agreement entered into on or about 
15 July 2021 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the 
Test Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is evidenced in 
the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title); 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of Covered 
Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date (if applicable), the date falling 15 Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment Date; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant Final 
Terms and: 
a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
A. the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
B. the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula 
basis as follows: 
 
Where 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included 
in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from and 
including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period;  
"Decree 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and supplemented 
from time to time; 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge which may be entered into between the Guarantor and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under any Swap Collateral Accounts (if any) in favour of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Other Creditors), as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the principal 
amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount of such 
Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
"Eligible Assets" means the Receivables as defined in the Master Definition Agreement.  
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.; 
"Excess Proceeds" means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken vis-à-vis 
the Issuer also in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Operating Bank, with IBAN: IT22A0800003200000800031344, or such other substitute account as may be 
opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Exposure Assets Limit" means the limits provided under Article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), let. (a), (b), (c) e 
(d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR such limits shall not apply to 
“cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for purposes of complying with the 
Nominal Value Test; 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of Covered 
Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date (if any) specified as 
such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the Final Redemption 
Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 9(b) (Extension of maturity).  
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 7 
(seven) Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders attached to these Conditions; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the applicable grace period) in 
respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond; 
"Financial Law" means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998 as amended from time to time. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Fixed Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Floating Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable to the 
Covered Bondholders under Condition 11(a) (Gross-up by Issuer)) and (ii) the Other Creditors pursuant to the 
relevant Transaction Documents; 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal Available 
Funds; 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management 
and Payments Agreement; 
"Guarantor Calculation Date" means the 3rd (third) calendar day of May, August, November and February

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
(or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business Day); 
"Guarantor Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity as 
guarantor corporate servicer of the Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement; 
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Guarantor Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(c) (Guarantor Events of Default); 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling on 
the 6th calendar day of May, August, November and February of each year or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, 
any day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant Final Terms and the Intercreditor 
Agreement; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 8 November 2021.  
"Insolvency Event" means, in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that: 
(i) such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, liquidation, 
administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition with creditors or insolvent 
reorganisation, turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della crisi e dell’insolvenza) or 
negotiated settlement procedure (including, without limitation, “liquidazione giudiziale”,"liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa", “piani di risanamento”, “accordi di ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di 
ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione”, “composizione negoziata della crisi” and “concordato 
semplificato and (other than in respect of the Issuer) "amministrazione straordinaria") each such 
expression bearing the meaning ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the 
seeking of liquidation, winding-up, insolvent reorganisation, dissolution, administration or similar 
proceedings or the whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or 
corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than in the case 
of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the purposes of further programme 
of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being 
disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in respect of or by 
such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated against such company, entity or 
corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect 
rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by it), such application is not being disputed in good faith 
with a reasonable prospect of success; or  
(iii) such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of its 
obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of its 
creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction Documents) or is 
granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its indebtedness or any guarantee of any 
indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the 
issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or dissolution in any 
form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under article 2484 of the Italian Civil 
Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or 
other proceeding for the purposes of or pursuant to a solvent amalgamation, merger, corporate 
reorganization or reconstruction, the terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders); or 
(v)  
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or analogous to 
those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or corporation is deemed to carry on 
business;

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
"Integration Assets" means each of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which (a) have their registered office in the European Economic Area 
or Switzerland or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach and (b) qualify as 
Eligible Institutions;  
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding one year. and 
(iii) 
the Public Entity Securities, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above are qualified as eligible assets pursuant to 
Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between, 
inter alios, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Available Funds" means, in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer or the Servicers in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into 
the Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Master Servicer or the Servicers and credited to the 
Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(d) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider, 
if any, other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(e) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(f) 
the Cash Reserve Amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account;  
(g) 
all amounts on account of interest, premium or other profit deriving from the Eligible Investments up to 
the Eligible Investments Maturity Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; and 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents. 
"Interest Basis" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or any 
Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"Investment Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank (IBAN: IT98F0347901600000802443100) or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as published 
by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default; 
"Issuer Event of Default" has the meaning given to it in Condition 12(a) (Issuer Events of Default); 
"Liability Swap Agreement" means any swap or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at hedging certain 
interest rate and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the Guarantor’s obligations under the 
Covered Bonds, that may be entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Liability Swap Provider on or 
about each Issue Date, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant to a 
Liability Swap Agreement; 
"Liquid Assets" means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 130, 
provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under Article 129 of the CRR and 
Law 130. 
"Liquidity Buffer Account" (Conto per la Riserva di Liquidità) means the account that may be opened in the 
name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Securities Account" (Conto Titoli per la Riserva di Liquidità) means the securities account 
that may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-duodecies of 
Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Loans" means any Mortgage Loan (as defined in the Master Definitions Agreement) which is sold and 
assigned by each Seller to the Guarantor from time to time under the terms of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time;

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into between the 
Guarantor and the Sellers, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Master Servicer" means Iccrea Banca in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement; 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered into on or about 28 June 2021 
between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Servicers, as amended and restated from time to 
time; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 
83-quater of the Financial Law; 
"Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana; 
"Operating Bank" means Iccrea Banca acting in its capacity as operating bank pursuant to the Cash, 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or any such other depository institution as may be 
appointed in accordance with such Cash, Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, organised 
pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
"Other Creditors" means the Sellers, the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Swap Providers (if 
any), the Swap Collateral Account Bank, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer and any other creditors which 
may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the Programme; 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, where 
applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of 
such Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II 
(Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) 
all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for payment 
of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Payments Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank (IBAN: IT29I0347901600000802443103) or such other substitute account as may be opened in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds; 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of, without 
duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer or any Servicer in respect of the Cover 
Pool and credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer or any Servicer 
and credited to the Collection Account; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from each Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets or Integration Assets or Liquid Assets; 
(e) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements, if any;  
(f) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(g) 
before an Issuer Default Notice, the principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Account as indicated in the reimbursement request submitted by the Issuer before the 
relevant Guarantor Calculation Date, in accordance with the provisions of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement executed by the Issuer; and 
(h) 
following an Issuer Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Default Notice, all principal 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation)

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
by the Principal Paying Agent ; and 
(ii) in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent; 
"Principal Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as principal paying agent, 
or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement; 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, each as set out and defined in the Intercreditor Agreement; 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders 
attached to these Conditions; 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for 
credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) of the 
CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130;  
"Put Option Notice" means a notice in the form attached to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments 
Agreement which must be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder wanting to 
exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of a Put Option Notice with the Principal Paying Agent by any Covered Bondholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered Bondholder; 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000; 
"Quota Capital Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Operating Bank (IBAN: IT96B0800003200000800031345) for the deposit of the Quota Capital; 
"Quotaholder Corporate Servicer" means Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited;  
"Quotaholder Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021, 
between the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the Quotaholders and the Guarantor, as amended and restated 
from time to time;  
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between Iccrea Banca 
and Stichting Campari as quotaholders of the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and 
the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in respect 
of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption Amount, 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by 
the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day 
and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other clearing 
system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system through which 
payments under the Covered Bonds may be made; 
"Relevant Dealer(s)" means, in relation to a Series or Tranche, the Dealer(s) which is/are party to any 
agreement (whether oral or in writing) entered into with the Issuer and the Guarantor for the issue by the Issuer 
and the subscription by such Dealer(s) of such Series or Tranche pursuant to the Programme Agreement; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service (including, 
without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other 
page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the 
purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to, respectively, the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of Charge; 
"Securities Account" means the account that will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the Account 
Bank, on which (a) all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased by the Account Bank with the 
amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account acting upon instructions of the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent (as directed by the Issuer), and (b) all Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets (other than 
Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) consisting of securities, will be deposited 
in accordance with and subject to the conditions of the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Seller" means any seller in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means with respect to:  
(i) 
the Principal Paying Agent, at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan,  
(ii) 
the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, at Via V. Alfieri,1 Conegliano (TV),  
(iii) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at Via V. Alfieri,1 Conegliano (TV);

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(iv) 
the Account Bank, at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan; 
(v) 
the Operating Bank and the Test Calculation Agent, at Via Lucrezia Romana, n. 41/47-00178 
Rome. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Statutory Tests" means such tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 and namely: (i) the 
Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further defined 
under clause 2 (Statutory Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement; 
"Step-Up Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Step-Up Event" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Step-Up Margin" means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step-Up Margin; 
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means each Seller, in its capacity as subordinated loan provider pursuant to 
the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, and "Subordinated Loan Providers" means, collectively, all of 
them; 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between a 
Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, each Liability Swap Agreement and 
any other swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme; 
"Swap Collateral Account Bank" means any bank which may be appointed as swap collateral account bank in 
accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement; 
"Swap Collateral Accounts" means, collectively, any Swap Collateral Cash Account and any Swap Collateral 
Securities Account. 
"Swap Collateral Cash Account" means any collateral account with respect to each Swap Provider, which 
may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with the Swap Collateral Account Bank on which each 
Swap Collateral in the form of cash may be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap Agreement and the 
Cash, Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may not be 
applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant Swap 
Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap Collateral which is to 
be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Swap 
Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means any collateral account (if any) related to each Swap Provider 
which may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with the Swap Collateral Account Bank on 
which the Swap Collateral in the form of securities may be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap 
Agreement and the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the 
providers of any other swap or other hedging agreements that may be entered into in connection with the 
Programme; 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem 
(T2) (or any successor thereto) is open for the settlement of payments in euro;

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
“Test Calculation Date" means: (i) prior to the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach 
of Test and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit and/or the Minimum OC 
Requirement has occurred, the date falling two Business Days immediately following each Guarantor 
Calculation Date and (ii) following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test 
and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit and/or the Minimum OC 
Requirement has occurred, the second Business Day of the month immediately following the date of such Test 
Performance Report and, thereafter, the second Business Day of each month for the following six month-
period; 
"Test Grace Period" means the 20 (twenty) Business Days period starting on the Test Calculation Date on 
which a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test has occurred is delivered by the Test 
Calculation Agent. 
"Test Calculation Agent" means Iccrea Banca, acting as test calculation agent or any other institution that, 
from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement; 
"Tests" means collectively the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test; 
"Transaction Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing Agreement, the 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, the 
Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Intercreditor Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements (if any), the Mandate Agreement, the 
Quotaholders' Agreement, these Conditions, each Final Terms, the Deed of Charge, the Deed of Pledge, the 
Master Definitions Agreement, the Quotaholder Corporate Services Agreement and any other agreement 
entered into from time to time in connection with the Programme; 
"Transitory Collection Accounts" means the bank accounts established in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Operating Bank and indicated in Schedule 6 (Conti Incassi Transitori) of the Master Servicing Agreement into 
which all the Collections will be transferred; 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into between 
the Sellers and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time;  
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
b) 
Interpretation 
In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds and any other amount in the nature of 
principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of 
interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and any other amount in the 
nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such 
expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the Covered Bonds; 
(iv) 
any reference to a Transaction Document shall be construed as a reference to such Transaction 
Document, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the relevant

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
Covered Bonds; 
(v) 
any reference to a party to a Transaction Document (other than the Issuer and the Guarantor) 
shall, where the context permits, include any Person who, in accordance with the terms of such 
Transaction Document, becomes a party thereto subsequent to the date thereof, whether by 
appointment as a successor to an existing party or by appointment or otherwise as an additional 
party to such document and whether in respect of the Programme generally or in respect of a 
single Tranche only; and 
(vi) 
any reference in any legislation (whether primary legislation or regulations or other subsidiary 
legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall be construed as a reference to such 
legislation as the same may have been, or may from time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Covered Bonds are in the Specified Denomination(s), which may include a minimum denomination of 
Euro 100,000 (or, where Specified Currency is a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such 
Specified Currency) and higher integral multiples of a smaller amount, in each case as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Covered Bonds will be issued and will be held in bearer form and in dematerialised form 
(emesse in forma dematerializzata) and will be wholly and exclusively deposited with Monte Titoli in 
accordance with Article 83-bis of the Financial Law, through the authorised institutions listed in Article 83-
quater of the Financial Law. The Covered Bonds will at all times be evidenced by, and title thereto will be 
transferable by means of, book entries in accordance with (i) the provisions of Article 83-bis et seq. of the 
Financial Law and the relevant implementing regulations and (ii) the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and 
the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented. The Covered Bonds will be 
held by Monte Titoli on behalf of the Covered Bondholders until redemption or cancellation thereof for the 
account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder. Monte Titoli Account Holder will be act as depository for 
Clearstream and Euroclear. No physical documents of title will be issued in respect of the Covered Bonds. The 
rights and powers of the Covered Bondholders may only be exercised in accordance with these Conditions and 
the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
4. 
Status and Guarantee 
(a) 
Status of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
guaranteed by the Guarantor and will rank pari passu without preference among themselves, except in respect 
of maturities of each Series or Tranche, and (save for any applicable statutory provisions) at least equally with 
all other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer having the same maturity of 
each Series or Tranche of the Covered Bonds, from time to time outstanding. In the event of a compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer, any funds realised and payable to the Covered 
Bondholders will be collected by the Guarantor on their behalf. 
(b) 
Status of the Covered Bond Guarantee 
The payment of Guaranteed Amounts in respect of each Series of Covered Bonds when due for payment will be 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
(c) 
Priority of Payments 
Amounts due from the Issuer pursuant to these Conditions or from the Guarantor pursuant to the Covered Bond 
Guarantee shall be paid in accordance with the Priority of Payments, as set out in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 5 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Fixed Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
5 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) 
the day which is 7 (seven) days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 7th (seventh) day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any Interest Period shall be the relevant 
Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Covered Bonds are in more than one Specified Denomination, shall be the 
relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount 
The amount of interest payable in respect of each Covered Bond for any period for which a Fixed Coupon 
Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, 
multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit 
of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one 
cent. 
6. 
Floating Rate Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 6 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest 
The Covered Bonds bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in 
arrears on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 10 (Payments). Each Covered Bond 
will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is 
improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 
(both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder and (ii) the 
day which is 7 (seven) days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Covered Bondholders that it has 
received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 7th (seventh) day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination 
If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Principal Paying Agent on the following basis: 
(i) if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the Principal 
Paying Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as of 
the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
(ii) in any other case, the Principal Paying Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, the Principal Paying Agent will: 
(A) 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and 
(B) 
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Principal Paying Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined 
by the Principal Paying Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
Specified Currency, selected by the Principal Paying Agent , at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local 
time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a period equal to 
the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that 
market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may 
be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Principal Paying Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation 
to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds during such Interest Period will be 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Covered Bonds in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(d) 
ISDA Determination 
If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest 
is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Covered Bonds for each Interest Period will be the 
sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a 
rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the calculation 
agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the calculation agent were acting as calculation agent for that 
interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under 
which: 
(i) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; and 
(iii) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is the day specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(e) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified, 
provided that in no event the Interest Amount will be less than zero. 
(f) 
Calculation of Interest Amount

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
The Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be 
determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Covered 
Bond for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, 
rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant 
Covered Bond divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a "sub unit" means, in the case of any 
currency other than Euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of Euro, means one cent. 
(g) 
Calculation of other amounts 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that any other amount is to be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent , 
then the Principal Paying Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is 
to be determined, calculate the relevant amount provided that the Principal Paying Agent has the relevant 
information needed to execute the required calculation and this is in line with the assigned mandate. The 
relevant amount will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(h) 
Publication 
The Principal Paying Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, together 
with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with 
any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/ or quotation as 
soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and 
Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof 
shall also promptly be given to the Covered Bondholders provided that the Principal Paying Agent has the 
relevant information needed to execute the required publication. The Principal Paying Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount is less than the minimum 
Specified Denomination, the Principal Paying Agent shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but 
instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Covered Bond having 
the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Certificates to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Principal Paying Agent will (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Principal Paying Agent, the Covered Bondholders 
and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Principal Paying Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
If the Issuer (in consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (or the person specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s))) determines that 
a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to the Reference Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component 
part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the 
Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, 
to determine (with the Issuer’s agreement) a Successor Rate, or, alternatively, if the Independent Adviser and 
the Issuer agree that there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 6(j)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 6(j) (cc)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 6(j) (dd)).  
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser and the Issuer 
cannot agree upon, or cannot select a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 
6(j) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediately

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
following Interest Period shall be the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest Determination 
Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate shall be the Reference Rate 
applicable to the first Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 6(j) 
(aa) (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period only. Any 
subsequent Interest Period may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j).  
If the Independent Adviser determines with the Issuer’s agreement that:  
(A)  
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 6(j) (cc)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all following Interest Periods, subject to the 
subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j)) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 6(j))(cc)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest Period and all 
following Interest Periods, subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 6(j) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
if the Issuer, following consultation with the Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines (A) that 
an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such 
Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 6(j) and the Independent Adviser determines, with the Issuer’s agreement, (i) that amendments to 
these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Principal Paying Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with this Condition 6(j), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of relevant Covered Bondholders, vary these Conditions to give effect 
to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the avoidance of 
doubt, the Principal Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, consent to and effect such 
consequential amendments to the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and these Conditions 
as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 6(j)).  
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(j) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Principal 
Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Covered Bondholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
No later than notifying the Principal Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Principal Paying 
Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, as the case 
may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread 
and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 6(j); and  
(B)  
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper operation of 
such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark 
Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent and the Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
As used in this Condition 6(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the formula or 
methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Issuer, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser and acting in good faith, determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the relevant Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)  
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for 
parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by 
any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate), the 
Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s agreement, determines is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital 
markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; 
or    
(C)  
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s agreement, determines is recognised or acknowledged as 
being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); or  
(D)  
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser, with the Issuer’s agreement, determines to be 
appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Covered Bondholders as a result of the 
replacement of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case 
may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser (with the 
Issuer’s agreement) determines in accordance with this Condition 6(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen Page as a result 
of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in circumstances 
where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed that will continue publication of 
such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that 
means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future date (the “Specified Future Date”), 
be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Covered Bonds; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such Reference Rate is no longer representative 
of an underlying market; or

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become unlawful for the 
Principal Paying Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to any Covered Bondholder 
using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a public statement within 
sub-paragraphs (B), (C) or (D) above and the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six 
months after the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date 
falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(j) (dd).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its 
own expense under Condition 6(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability 
Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally recommended 
by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
7. 
Zero Coupon Provisions 
(a) 
Application 
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Covered Bonds only if the Zero Coupon Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond is improperly withheld or 
refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such 
Covered Bond up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Covered Bondholder 
and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Paying Agent has notified the Covered 
Bondholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Covered Bonds up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
8. 
Step-Up Option 
This Condition 8 applies to Covered Bonds in respect of which the applicable Final Terms indicate that the 
Step-Up Option is applicable (“Step-Up Covered Bonds”).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
The Rate of Interest for Step-Up Covered Bonds will be the Initial Rate of Interest specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, provided that for any Interest Period commencing on or after the Interest Payment Date 
immediately following a Step-Up Event, if any, the Rate of Interest shall be increased by the Step-Up Margin 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an increase in the Rate of Interest may occur no more than once in respect of the 
relevant Step-Up Covered Bond. 
9. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with the Conditions and the relevant 
Final Terms, the Covered Bonds will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in this Condition 9 (Redemption and Purchase) and Condition 10 (Payments). 
(b) 
Extension of maturity 
If an Extended Maturity Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered 
Bonds and the Issuer has failed to pay the Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date specified in the 
relevant Final Terms and the Guarantor or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf determines that the 
Guarantor has insufficient moneys available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in full in respect of the relevant Series of Covered 
Bonds on the date falling on the Extension Determination Date, then (subject as provided below), payment of 
the unpaid amount by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee shall be deferred until the Extended 
Maturity Date provided that any amount representing the Final Redemption Amount due and remaining unpaid 
after the Extension Determination Date may be paid by the Guarantor on any Interest Payment Date thereafter 
up to (and including) the relevant Extended Maturity Date. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, at 
least 4 (four) Business Days prior to the Maturity Date as to whether payment will or will not be made in full of 
the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds on that Maturity Date. Any change of the 
maturity date shall be communicated in advance to Monte Titoli at least 4 (four) Business Days prior to the 
Maturity date. 
The Guarantor shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered Bonds (in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices)), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the Rating Agencies, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and in any event at least one Business Day 
prior to the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms of any inability of the Guarantor to pay in full 
the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds 
pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not affect the 
validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on the Extension Determination Date, pursuant to the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing for payment of higher 
ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro rata in partial 
payment of an amount equal to the Final Redemption Amount in respect of the Covered Bonds and shall pay 
Guaranteed Amounts constituting interest in respect of each such Covered Bond on such date. The obligation of 
the Guarantor to pay any amount in respect of the balance of the Final Redemption Amount not so paid shall be 
deferred as described above. 
In case payment of the unpaid amounts by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee is deferred to the 
Extended Maturity Date pursuant to this Condition 9(b), as a consequence of the occurrence of the event 
indicated under letter (a) of the definition of the Issuer Event of Default, any proceeds deriving from any sale or 
liquidation of Selected Assets carried out under Clause 8 of the Cover Pool Management Agreement shall be 
applied by the Guarantor to pay on any Interest Payment Date thereafter pro rata and pari passu any 
outstanding amounts due and unpaid on the Covered Bonds for which payment has been deferred until the

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
Extended Maturity Date, in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount and be payable on each Interest Payment Date during 
such extended period up to (and including) the Extended Maturity Date or, if earlier, the Interest Payment Date 
on which the Final Redemption Amount is paid in full. 
In the event of extension of maturity pursuant to this Condition 9(b), the extension of the Maturity Date shall 
not affect the ranking or the sequencing of the Covered Bonds in case of liquidazione coatta amministrativa or 
resolution (risoluzione) of the Issuer. 
In accordance with the provisions of article 7-terdecies, paragraph 5, of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations, the Issuer shall notify the Bank of Italy in case an Extended Maturity Date has become applicable 
in respect of a Series of Covered Bonds further to the occurrence of the Maturity Extension, within 10 (ten) 
calendar days from the occurrence thereof. 
(c) 
Redemption for tax reasons 
The Covered Bonds may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
 at any time (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount, together with interest accrued (if any) to the 
date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in 
Condition 11 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations 
of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or 
any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective 
on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed at any time, 90 (ninety) days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds were then due; or 
(2) 
where the Covered Bonds may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60 (sixty) days 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on which the 
Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Principal Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 9(c), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Covered Bonds in accordance 
with this Condition 9(c).

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
(d) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Covered Bonds may be 
redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any 
Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not 
less than 15 (fifteen) nor more than 30 (thirty) days' notice to the Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
(e) 
Partial redemption  
If the Covered Bonds are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 9(d) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Covered Bonds to be redeemed in part shall be redeemed in the 
principal amount specified by the Issuer and the Covered Bonds will be so redeemed in accordance with the 
rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and/or any other Relevant Clearing System (to be reflected in the records 
of such clearing systems as a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion), subject to 
compliance with applicable law, the rules of each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system 
(if any) by which the Covered Bonds have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. The notice to 
Covered Bondholders referred to in Condition 9(d) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the 
proportion of the Covered Bonds so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Covered Bondholders 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of 
any Covered Bondholder redeem such Covered Bonds held by it on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) 
specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with 
interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 9(f), the 
Covered Bondholder must, not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 45 (forty-five) days before the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with the Principal Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice 
(which notice shall be irrevocable) in the form obtainable from the Principal Paying Agent. The Principal 
Paying Agent shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Covered Bondholder. Once 
deposited in accordance with this Condition 9(f), no duly completed Put Option Notice, may be withdrawn; 
provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any Covered Bonds become 
immediately due and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Covered Bonds on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Principal 
Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the Covered Bondholder at such address as may have been given 
by such Covered Bondholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Covered Bond against 
surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any Put Option Notice is deposited in accordance 
with this Condition 9(f), the Covered Bondholder and not the Principal Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the 
holder of such Covered Bonds for all purposes. 
(g) 
No other redemption 
The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Covered Bonds otherwise than as provided in this Condition 9 
and as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(h) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds  
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price from 
(and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) 
the date upon which the Covered Bonds become due and payable.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 9(h) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count 
Fraction of 30E/360. 
(i) 
Purchase 
The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries (other than the Guarantor) may at any time purchase Covered Bonds in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price and any Covered Bonds so purchased may be held or resold or may 
be surrendered in accordance with Condition 9(l) (Cancellation). The Guarantor shall not purchase any 
Covered Bonds at any time. 
(j) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any such Subsidiary and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(k) 
Redemption by instalments 
If the Covered Bonds are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being amortising and redeemable in 
instalments they will be redeemed in such number of instalments, in such Covered Bond Instalment Amounts 
and on such dates as may be specified in or determined in accordance with the relevant Final Terms and upon 
each partial redemption as provided by this Condition 9(m) (Redemption by instalments), the outstanding 
principal amount of each such Covered Bonds shall be reduced by the relevant Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount for all purposes. 
(l) 
Extension of principal instalments 
If an Extended Instalment Date is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms for a Series of Covered 
Bonds whose principal is payable in instalments and the Issuer has failed to pay a Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date specified in the relevant Final Terms and the 
Guarantor or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf determines that the Guarantor has insufficient moneys 
available under the relevant Priority of Payments to pay the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to such 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount in full on the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination 
Date, then (subject as provided below), payment by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee of each 
of (a) such Covered Bond Instalment Amount and (b) all subsequently due and payable Covered Bond 
Instalment Amounts shall be deferred until the Interest Payment Date falling one year or the other period 
specified in the Final Terms after the date on which it was previously due provided that no Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount may be deferred to a date falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
The Issuer shall confirm to the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable and, in any event, at 
least 4 (four) Business Days prior to the applicable Covered Bond Instalment Date as to whether payment will 
or will not be made in full of the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment 
Date. Any failure by the Issuer to notify the Principal Paying Agent shall not affect the validity or effectiveness 
of the extension. 
The Guarantor or the Principal Paying Agent on its behalf, shall notify the relevant holders of the Covered 
Bonds (in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), any relevant Swap Provider(s), the Rating Agencies, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent as soon as reasonably practicable 
and in any event at least 6 (six) Business Days prior to a Covered Bond Instalment Date of any inability of the 
Guarantor to pay in full the Guaranteed Amounts corresponding to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment 
Amount pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee. Any failure by the Guarantor to notify such parties shall not 
affect the validity or effectiveness of the extension nor give rise to any rights in any such party. 
In the circumstances outlined above, the Guarantor shall on each Interest Payment Date following the 
applicable Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date until the applicable Extended Instalment 
Date, pursuant to the Covered Bond Guarantee, apply the moneys (if any) available (after paying or providing

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
for payment of higher ranking or pari passu amounts in accordance with the relevant Priority of Payments) pro 
rata towards payment of an amount equal to the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Amount together with 
interest accrued thereon up to (and including) such date.  
Interest will continue to accrue on any unpaid amount during such extended period and shall be payable on 
each Interest Payment Date from the relevant Covered Bond Instalment Date until the Extended Instalment 
Date or, if earlier, the date on which the deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount is paid in full. 
Failure by the Issuer to pay the Covered Bond Instalment Amount on its Covered Bond Instalment Date will 
(subject to any applicable grace period) be an Issuer Event of Default. Failure by the Guarantor to pay the 
deferred Covered Bond Instalment Amount on the related Extended Instalment Date will (subject to any 
applicable grace period) be a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Each Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred when due no more than once. At such time, each 
subsequent but not yet due Covered Bond Instalment Amount will also be deferred, so it is possible that a 
Covered Bond Instalment Amount may be deferred more than once but it may never be deferred to a date 
falling after the Extended Maturity Date for the relevant Series. 
(m) 
Redemption due to illegality 
The Covered Bonds of all Series or Tranche may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part, at any time, on giving not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent, and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
all Covered Bondholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), if the Issuer satisfies the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders immediately before the giving of such notice that it has, or will, before the next Interest 
Payment Date of any Covered Bond of any Series or Tranche, become unlawful for the Issuer to make any 
payments under the Covered Bonds as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the applicable laws or 
regulations or any change in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change 
or amendment has become or will become effective before the next such Interest Payment Date. 
Covered Bonds redeemed pursuant to this Condition 9(m) will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
10. 
Payments 
(a) 
Payments through clearing systems 
Payment of interest and repayment of principal in respect of the Covered Bonds will be credited, in accordance 
with the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Principal Paying Agent on behalf of the Issuer or the Guarantor (as 
the case may be) to the accounts of those banks and authorised brokers whose accounts with Monte Titoli are 
credited with those Covered Bonds and thereafter credited by such banks and authorised brokers from such 
aforementioned accounts to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those Covered Bonds or through the 
Relevant Clearing Systems to the accounts with the Relevant Clearing Systems of the beneficial owners of 
those Covered Bonds, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte Titoli and of the Relevant Clearing 
Systems, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other laws and 
regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 11 (Taxation). No 
commissions or expenses shall be charged to Covered Bondholders in respect of such payments. 
(c) 
Payments on business days 
If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Business Day in 
the Place of Payment, the Covered Bondholder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or 
other payment in respect of any such delay.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
11. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up by Issuer 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be 
made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or 
assessed (i) by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, or (ii) pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of 
the Code and any regulations or agreements thereunder or official interpretations thereof ("FATCA") unless the 
withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law 
(including pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise imposed pursuant to 
FATCA). In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Covered 
Bondholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no 
such withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Covered Bond: 
(i) 
in relation to any payment or deduction of any interest or principal on account of imposta 
sostitutiva pursuant to Decree 239, as amended from time to time, with respect to any Covered 
Bonds and in all circumstances in which the procedures set forth in Decree 239 have not been 
met or complied with except where such procedures have not been met or complied with due to 
the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
where such withholding or deduction is required pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time; or 
(iii) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual, 
to the extent that interest or any other amount is paid to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a 
non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does not allow for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian authorities; or 
(iv) 
where the Covered Bondholder would have been able to lawfully avoid (but has not so 
avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying, or procuring that any third party 
complies, with any statutory requirements; 
(v) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges in respect of such Covered Bonds by reason of its having some 
connection with the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Covered 
Bonds; or 
(vi) 
held by or on behalf of a Covered Bondholder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or 
deduction in respect of such Covered Bonds by making a declaration or any other statement to 
the relevant tax authority, including, but not limited to, a declaration of residence or 
non/residence or other similar claim for exemption; or 
(vii) 
where such withholding is required by FATCA. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction 
If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the Republic of Italy, 
references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of 
Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. For the purposes of this paragraph (b), the Issuer will not be 
considered to become subject to the taxing jurisdiction of the United States should the Issuer be required 
to withhold amounts in respect any withholding tax imposed by the United States on any payments the 
Issuer makes.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
(c) 
No Gross-up by the Guarantor 
If withholding of, or deduction of any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or charges of whatever 
nature is imposed by or on behalf of Italy, any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the 
Guarantor will make the required withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments or charges 
for the account of the Covered Bondholders, as the case may be, and shall not be obliged to pay any 
additional amounts to the Covered Bondholders. 
12. 
Events of Default 
(a) 
Issuer Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, an "Issuer Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable on 
any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and/or at the Maturity Date, 
and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interest, 
or 20 Business Days (other than in case of non-payment at the Maturity Date), in case of amounts 
of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under the 
Transaction Documents (other than any obligation pursuant to paragraph (a)(Non-Payment) 
above or (f) (Breach of Statutory Tests) below) occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Issuer; or 
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) 
and “misure di intervento precoce”) occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(d) 
Article 74 Event: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer; or 
(e) 
Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business (because of the loss of its 
banking licence or otherwise); or 
(f) 
Breach of Statutory Tests: any Statutory Test is breached and is not remedied by the end of the 
relevant Test Grace Period,  
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to 
under paragraph (c) (Insolvency) above, may if so directed by the Covered Bondholders, serve a notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (an “Issuer Default Notice”) demanding payment under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee, and specifying, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under item (d) (Article 74 Event) 
above, that the Issuer Event of Default may be temporary.  
(b) 
Effect of an Issuer Default Notice: 
Upon service of an Issuer Default Notice upon the Issuer and the Guarantor: 
(i) 
all Series of Covered Bonds will accelerate against the Issuer and will rank pari passu amongst 
themselves against the Issuer, provided that (A) such event shall not trigger an acceleration against 
the Guarantor, and (B) in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies, paragraph 3, of Law 130 and 
pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be solely 
responsible for the exercise of the rights of the Covered Bondholders vis-à-vis the Issuer and any 
Excess Proceeds will be part of the Guarantor Available Funds; 
(ii) 
(A) interest and principal falling due on the Covered Bonds will be payable by the Guarantor at 
the time and in the manner provided under the Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, subject to 
and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee and the Guarantee Priority of 
Payments; and (B) the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to 
the Intercreditor Agreement) shall be entitled to request from the Issuer an amount up to the

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
Guaranteed Amounts and any sum so received or recovered from the Issuer will be used to make 
payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee; 
(iii) 
if (I) the right of the Guarantor under paragraph (ii)(B) above is in any way challenged or revoked 
and (II) a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders has been passed to this effect, the 
Covered Bonds will become immediately due and payable by the Issuer, at their Early 
Termination Amount together with accrued interest thereon and the Guarantor will no longer be 
entitled to request from the Issuer the amount set out under paragraph (ii)(B) above; 
(iv) 
the Guarantor may sell the Selected Assets comprised in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement, 
(v) 
the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount shall continue to apply, and the 
Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement shall also apply; 
(vi) 
no further Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds may be issued by the Issuer under the 
Programme; 
provided that, in case of the Issuer Event of Default referred to under Condition 11(a), paragraph (d) (Article 74 
Event), the effects listed in items (i) to (iv) above will only apply for as long as the suspension of payments 
pursuant to Article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act will be in force and effect (the "Suspension Period"). 
Accordingly (A) the Guarantor, in accordance with Law 130, shall be responsible for the payments of the 
amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds during the Suspension Period and (B) at the end of the 
Suspension Period, the Issuer shall be again responsible for meeting the payment obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
(c) 
Guarantor Events of Default: 
If any of the following events (each, a "Guarantor Event of Default") occurs and is continuing: 
(a) 
Non-payment: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
interest and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and/or at the Extended Maturity Date and such breach is not remedied 
within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business Days, 
in case of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) 
Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Guarantor of any obligation under the 
Transaction Documents (other than any obligation pursuant to paragraph (a)(Non-Payment) above) 
occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor (except where, in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in which case 
no notice will be required); or 
(c) 
Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or 
(d) 
Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Event Default Notice (provided 
that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consist of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) the Amortisation Test is 
breached and is not remedied by the end of the Test Grace Period; 
(e) 
Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and 
effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect, 
then the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall or, in the case of the Guarantor Event of Default 
under paragraphs (b)(Breach of other obligation) and (c) (Insolvency) shall, if so directed by a Programme 
Resolution, serve a notice on the Guarantor (a “Guarantor Default Notice”), stating that a Guarantor Event of 
Default has occurred. 
(d) 
Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice:

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice upon the Guarantor: 
(i) 
all the Covered Bonds shall become immediately due and payable at their Early Termination 
Amount together with any accrued interest and will rank pari passu among themselves in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments; 
(ii) 
subject to and in accordance with the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, on behalf of the Covered Bondholders, shall have a claim against the 
Guarantor for an amount equal to the Early Termination Amount, together with accrued interest 
and any other amount due under the Covered Bonds (other than additional amounts payable under 
Condition 11(a) (Gross up by Issuer) in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments; 
(iii) Disposal of assets: the Guarantor, if not already sold, shall procure the sale of certain Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool in accordance with the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement; and 
(iv) 
Enforcement: the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, at its discretion and without 
further notice subject to having been indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction, take such steps 
and/or institute such proceedings against the Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) as it may 
think fit to enforce such payments, but it shall not be bound to take any such proceedings or steps 
unless requested or authorised by a Programme Resolution of the Covered Bondholders. 
(e) 
Certificates to be final 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, expressed, 
made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 12 by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
(in the absence of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo)) be binding on the 
Issuer, the Guarantor and all Covered Bondholders and (in such absence as aforesaid) no liability to the 
Covered Bondholders, the Issuer or the Guarantor shall attach to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions 
hereunder. 
13. 
Prescription 
Claims for payment under the Covered Bonds shall become void unless made within ten years (in respect of 
principal) or five years (in respect of interest) from the due date thereof. 
14. 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
(a) 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders shall be established upon, and by virtue of, the issuance of the 
first Series of Covered Bonds under the Programme and shall remain in force and in effect until repayment in 
full or cancellation of the Covered Bonds of any Series. Pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the 
Covered Bondholders, for as long as the Covered Bonds are outstanding, there shall at all times be a 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The appointment of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders as legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is made by the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Initial appointment 
In the Programme Agreement, the Relevant Dealer(s) has or have appointed the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to perform the activities described in the Programme Agreement, in these Conditions (including 
the Rules of the Organisation of Covered Bondholders), in the Intercreditor Agreement, in the Mandate 
Agreement and in the other Transaction Documents, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has 
accepted such appointment for the period commencing on the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered Bonds 
and ending (subject to early termination of its appointment) on the date on which all of the Covered Bonds have

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
been cancelled or redeemed in accordance with these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Acknowledgment by Covered Bondholders 
Each Covered Bondholder, by reason of holding Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
recognises the Representative of the Covered Bondholders as its representative and (to the fullest 
extent permitted by law) agrees to be bound by any agreement entered into from time to time by 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in such capacity as if such Covered Bondholder 
were a signatory thereto; and 
(ii) 
acknowledges and accepts that the Relevant Dealer(s) shall not be liable in respect of any loss, 
liability, claim, expenses or damage suffered or incurred by any of the Covered Bondholders as a 
result of the performance by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of its duties or the 
exercise of any of its rights under the Transaction Documents. 
15. 
Agents 
In acting under the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement and in connection with the Covered 
Bonds, the Principal Paying Agent acts solely as an agent of the Issuer and, following service of an Issuer 
Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, as an agent of the Guarantor and does not assume any 
obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Covered Bondholders. 
The Principal Paying Agent and its initial Specified Offices are set out in these Conditions. The Principal 
Paying Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer and the Guarantor reserve the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent and to appoint a successor principal 
paying agent ; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Issuer and the Guarantor shall at all times maintain a principal paying agent; and 
(ii) 
if a Principal Paying Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer and the 
Guarantor shall at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(iii) 
if and for so long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment 
of a paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer and the Guarantor shall maintain a paying 
agent having its specified office in the place required by such competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in the Principal Paying Agent or in its Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Covered Bondholders. 
16. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Covered Bondholders, create and issue further 
Covered Bonds having the same terms and conditions as the Covered Bonds in all respects (or in all respects 
except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Covered Bonds. 
17. 
Limited Recourse and Non Petition 
(a) 
Limited Recourse 
The obligations of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, 
unsubordinated and limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided 
under the Covered Bond Regulations. The recourse of the Covered Bondholders to the Guarantor under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the assets comprised in the Cover Pool subject to, and in

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
accordance with, the relevant Priority of Payments pursuant to which specified payments will be made to other 
parties prior to payments to the Covered Bondholders. 
(b) 
Non Petition 
Only the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may pursue the remedies available under the general law 
or under the Transaction Documents to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and/or the Security and no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the 
Guarantor to obtain payment of the Guaranteed Amounts or to enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the 
Security. In particular: 
(i) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf) is entitled, otherwise than as permitted 
by the Transaction Documents, to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to 
enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee and/or the Security or (except for the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) take any proceedings against the Guarantor to enforce the Covered 
Bond Guarantee and/or the Security; 
(ii) 
no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, where appropriate) shall, save as expressly permitted by the Transaction 
Documents, have the right to take or join any person in taking any steps against the Guarantor 
for the purpose of obtaining payment of any amount due from the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
at least until the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in 
accordance with their Final Terms together with any payments payable in priority or pari passu 
thereto, no Covered Bondholder (nor any person on its behalf, other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) shall initiate or join any person in initiating an Insolvency Event in 
relation to the Guarantor; and 
(iv) 
no Covered Bondholder shall be entitled to take or join in the taking of any corporate action, 
legal proceedings or other procedure or step which would result in the Priorities of Payments 
not being complied with. 
18. 
Notices 
(a) 
Notices given through Monte Titoli 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are held through Monte Titoli, shall be 
deemed to have been duly given if given through the systems of Monte Titoli. 
(b) 
Notices through Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
Any notice regarding the Covered Bonds, as long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on the regulated 
market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the 
rules of such exchange so require, shall be deemed to have been duly given if published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the 
date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, on the first date on which 
publication in made in accordance with the rules and regulation of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
(c) 
Other publication 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to sanction any other method of giving 
notice to Covered Bondholders if, in its sole opinion, such other method is reasonable having regard to market 
practice then prevailing and to the rules of the competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system by 
which the Covered Bonds are then admitted to trading and provided that notice of such other method is given to 
the holders of the Covered Bonds in such manner as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall 
require. 
19. 
Rounding

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded 
up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and 
(d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded 
to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
20. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law 
These Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in connection, thereof are governed 
by Italian law. All other Transaction Documents and any non-contractual obligations arising out of, or in 
connection, thereof are governed by Italian law, save for the Deed of Charge and the Swap Agreements, which 
are governed by English law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Rome have exclusive competence for the resolution of any dispute that may arise in relation to 
the Covered Bonds or their validity, interpretation or performance. 
(c) 
Relevant legislation 
Anything not expressly provided for in these Conditions will be governed by the provisions of the Covered 
Bond Regulations and, if applicable, Article 58 of the Consolidated Banking Act  and any other laws or 
regulations implementing EU Directive on Covered Bonds.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
RULES OF THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
TITLE I 
GENERAL PROVISIONS 
1. 
GENERAL 
1.1 
The Organisation of the Covered Bondholders in respect of all Covered Bonds of whatever Series issued 
under the Programme by Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo is created 
concurrently with the issue and subscription of the Covered Bonds of the first Series to be issued and is 
governed by these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders ("Rules"). 
1.2 
These Rules shall remain in force and effect until full repayment or cancellation of all the Covered 
Bonds of whatever Series. 
1.3 
The contents of these Rules are deemed to be an integral part of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds (the "Conditions") of each Series issued by the Issuer. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
2.1 
Definitions 
In these Rules, the terms below shall have the following meanings: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to a Meeting, a document issued by the Principal Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that specified Covered Bonds are held to the order of a Monte Titoli Account Holder 
or have been blocked in an account with a clearing system and will not be released until a the 
earlier of: 
(i) 
a specified date which falls after the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the relevant Covered Bonds ceasing with the agreement of the Monte Titoli Account 
Holder to be held to its order or under its control or so blocked and notification of the 
release thereof by the Principal Paying Agent to the Issuer and Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders; 
(b) 
certifying that the Holder of the relevant Blocked Covered Bonds or a duly authorised person 
on its behalf has notified the Principal Paying Agent that the votes attributable to such Covered 
Bonds are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to the Meeting and that 
during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting such instructions may not 
be amended or revoked;  
(c) 
listing the aggregate principal amount of such specified Blocked Covered Bonds, distinguishing 
between those amounts in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, and 
against, each resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual to vote in accordance with such instructions; 
"Blocked Covered Bonds" means Covered Bonds which have been blocked in an account with a clearing 
system for the purpose of obtaining from the Principal Paying Agent a Block Voting Instruction or from a 
Monte Titoli Account Holder a Voting Certificate on terms that they will not be released until after the 
conclusion of the Meeting in respect of which the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate is required; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the person who takes the chair in accordance with Article 8 
(Chairman of the Meeting) of the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
"Cover Pool" has the meaning given to it in the Master Definitions Agreement;

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
"EU Directive on Covered Bonds" means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and 
amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
"Event of Default" means an Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default; 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance 
with the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of not less than three quarters of the votes cast or, in 
the case of a resolution pursuant to Condition 12(b)(iii) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice), by a majority of 
not less than 50 (fifty) per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant 
Series then outstanding; 
"Holder" or "holder" means in respect of Covered Bonds, the ultimate owner of such Covered Bonds; 
"Liabilities" means losses, liabilities, inconvenience, costs, expenses, damages, claims, actions or demands; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Covered Bondholders (whether originally convened or resumed following an 
adjournment); 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold 
accounts on behalf of its customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance with Article 83-
quarter of the Financial Law; 
"Moody's" means Moody's Italia S.r.l.; 
"Ordinary Resolution" means any resolution passed at a Meeting, duly convened and held in accordance with 
the provisions contained in these Rules by a majority of more than 50 (fifty) per cent. of the votes cast; 
"Programme Resolution" means an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a single meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of all Series, duly convened and held in accordance with the provisions contained in these Rules 
to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take action: (i) pursuant to Condition 12(b)(iii) 
(Effect of an Issuer Default Notice), or (ii) pursuant to Condition 12(c)(b) (Guarantor Event of Default – 
Breach of other obligation), or (iii) pursuant to Condition 12(d)(iv) (Guarantor Event of Default – 
Enforcement) or (iv) to appoint or remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 
26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration) of the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; or 
(v) to direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to take other action stipulated in the Conditions or 
the Transaction Documents as requiring a Programme Resolution. 
"Proxy" means a person appointed to vote under a Voting Certificate as a proxy or a person appointed to vote 
under a Block Voting Instruction, in each case other than: 
(a) 
any person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the Principal Paying 
Agent or, in the case of a proxy appointed under a Voting Certificate, the Issuer has been 
notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for 
the relevant Meeting; and 
(b) 
any person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of a quorum and 
who has not been reappointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Rating Agencies" means Moody's and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time to time 
by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the Programme, and 
each of them is a "Rating Agency"; 
"Resolutions" means the Ordinary Resolutions, the Extraordinary Resolutions and the Programme Resolutions, 
collectively; 
"Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds, the exchange rate specified in

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
any Swap Agreement relating to such Covered Bond or Series of Covered Bonds or, if there is no exchange rate 
specified or if the Swap Agreement has terminated, the applicable spot rate; 
"Transaction Party" means any person who is a party to a Transaction Document; 
"Voter" means, in relation to a Meeting, the Holder or a Proxy named in a Voting Certificate, the bearer of a 
Voting Certificate issued by the Principal Paying Agent or by a Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting a certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder 
in accordance with the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as 
subsequently amended and supplemented. 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of one or more persons being or 
representing the holders of at least 75 (seventy-five) per cent of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the holders of which at any relevant time are entitled to 
participate in a Meeting in accordance with the provisions of these Rules, whether contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such Covered 
Bondholders; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day on which banks are open for business both 
in the place where any relevant Meeting is to be held and the places where the Principal Paying Agent has its 
Specified Office; and 
"48 hours" means two consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Rules, or unless the context requires otherwise, words and expressions used 
in these Rules shall have the meanings and the construction ascribed to them in the Conditions to which these 
Rules are attached. 
2.2 
Interpretation 
In these Rules: 
2.2.1 
any reference herein to an "Article" shall, except where expressly provided to the contrary, be a 
reference to an article of these Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders; 
2.2.2 
a "successor" of any party shall be construed so as to include an assignee or successor in title 
of such party and any person who under the laws of the jurisdiction of incorporation or 
domicile of such party has assumed the rights and obligations of such party under any 
Transaction Document or to which, under such laws, such rights and obligations have been 
transferred; and 
2.2.3 
any reference to any Transaction Party shall be construed so as to include its and any 
subsequent successors and transferees in accordance with their respective interests. 
2.3 
Separate Series 
Subject to the provisions of the next sentence, the Covered Bonds of each Series shall form a separate Series of 
Covered Bonds and accordingly, unless for any purpose the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in its 
absolute discretion shall otherwise determine, the provisions of this sentence and of Articles 3 (Purpose of the 
Organisation) to 24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor) shall apply mutatis mutandis 
separately and independently to the Covered Bonds of each Series. However, for the purposes of this Clause 
2.3: 
2.3.1 
Articles 26 (Appointment, Removal and Resignation) and 27 (Resignation of the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders); and

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
2.3.2 
insofar as they relate to a Programme Resolution, Articles 3 (Purpose of the Organisation) to 
24 (Meetings and Separate Series) and Articles 28 (Duties and Powers of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders) to 36 (Powers to Act on behalf of the Guarantor), 
the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to constitute a single Series and the provisions of such Articles shall apply 
to all the Covered Bonds together as if they constituted a single Series and, in such Articles, the expressions 
"Covered Bonds" and "Covered Bondholders" shall be construed accordingly. 
3. 
PURPOSE OF THE ORGANISATION 
3.1 
Each Covered Bondholder, whatever Series of the Covered Bonds he holds, is a member of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
3.2 
The purpose of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders is to co-ordinate the exercise of the rights 
of the Covered Bondholders and, more generally, to take any action necessary or desirable to protect the 
interest of the Covered Bondholders. 
TITLE II 
MEETINGS OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
4. 
VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
4.1 
A Covered Bondholder may obtain a Voting Certificate in respect of a Meeting by requesting its Monte 
Titoli Account Holder to issue a certificate in accordance with the regulation issued by the Bank of Italy 
and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented; or 
4.2 
A Covered Bondholder may also require the Principal Paying Agent to issue a Block Voting Instruction 
by arranging for Covered Bonds to be (to the satisfaction of the Principal Paying Agent) blocked in an 
account in a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. 
4.3 
A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction issued pursuant to Article 4.2 shall be valid until the 
release of the Blocked Covered Bonds to which it relates. 
4.4 
So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction is valid, the person named therein as Holder 
or Proxy (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder), the bearer 
thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate issued by the Principal Paying Agent), and any Proxy named 
therein (in the case of a Block Voting Instruction issued by the Principal Paying Agent) shall be deemed 
to be the Holder of the Covered Bonds to which it relates for all purposes in connection with the 
Meeting to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
4.5 
A Voting Certificate and a Block Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of 
the same Covered Bonds. 
4.6 
References to the blocking or release of Covered Bonds shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of any Relevant Clearing System. 
4.7 
The Issuer may fix a record date for the purposes of any Meeting or any resumption thereof following its 
adjournment for want of a quorum provided that such record date is not more than 10 days prior to the 
time fixed for such Meeting or (as the case may be) its resumption.  
5. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS AND VOTING CERTIFICATES 
A Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be valid for 
the purpose of the relevant Meeting only if it is deposited at the Specified Offices of the Principal Paying 
Agent, or at any other place approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, at least 24 hours 
before the time fixed for the relevant Meeting. If a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate is not 
deposited before such deadline, it shall not be valid. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so 
requires, a notarised (or otherwise acceptable) copy of each Block Voting Instruction and satisfactory evidence 
of the identity of each Proxy named in a Block Voting Instruction or of each Holder or Proxy named in a 
Voting Certificate issued by a Monte Titoli Account Holder shall be produced at the Meeting but the

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of a Block Voting 
Instruction or a Voting Certificate or the identity of any Proxy or any holder of the Covered Bonds named in a 
Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction. 
6. 
CONVENING A MEETING 
6.1 
Convening a Meeting 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor or the Issuer may and (in relation to a meeting 
for the passing of a Programme Resolution) the Issuer shall upon a requisition in writing signed by the holders 
of not less than 5 (five) per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding convene a meeting of the Covered Bondholders and if the Issuer makes default for a period of 7 
(seven) days in convening such a meeting upon requisition by the Covered Bondholders the same may be 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the holder proposing the requisition. The 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders may convene a single meeting of the holders of Covered Bonds of 
more than one Series if in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders there is no conflict 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, or separate meetings if in its opinion there is a 
conflict of interest among the holders of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series, in which event the 
provisions of this Schedule shall apply thereto mutatis mutandis. 
6.2 
Meetings convened by Issuer 
Whenever the Issuer is about to convene a Meeting, it shall immediately give notice in writing to the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders specifying the proposed day, time and place of the Meeting, and 
the items to be included in the agenda. 
6.3 
Time and place of Meetings 
Every Meeting will be held on a date and at a time and place selected or approved by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
Meetings may be held in case Voters are located in different places and are connected via audio-conference or 
videoconference, provided that: 
(a) 
the Chairman can ascertain and verify the identity and legitimacy of those Voters, monitor the 
Meeting, acknowledge and announce to those Voters the outcome of the voting process; 
(b) 
the person drawing up the minutes can clearly hear the meeting events being the subject-matter 
of the minutes; 
(c) 
each Voter attending via audio-conference or videoconference can follow and intervene in the 
discussions and vote the items on the agenda in real time; 
(d) 
the notice of the Meeting expressly states, where applicable, how Voters may obtain the 
information necessary to attend the relevant Meeting via audio-conference and/or 
videoconference equipment. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Meeting is deemed to take place where the Chairman and the person drawing 
up the minutes will be. 
7. 
NOTICE 
7.1 
Notice of Meeting 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day notice is delivered and of the day on which the relevant Meeting is 
to be held), specifying the day, time and place of the Meeting, must be given to the relevant Covered 
Bondholders and the Principal Paying Agent, with a copy to the Issuer and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is 
convened by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, or with a copy to the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, where the Meeting is convened by the Issuer.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
7.2 
Content of notice 
The notice shall set out the full text of any resolution to be proposed at the Meeting unless the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders agrees that the notice shall instead specify the nature of the resolution without 
including the full text and shall state that Voting Certificates for the purpose of such Meeting may be obtained 
from a Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the provisions of the regulation issued by the Bank of 
Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented and that for the 
purpose of obtaining Block Voting Instruction from the Principal Paying Agent or appointing Proxies under a 
Voting Certificate or a Block Voting Instruction, a Voting Certificate must (to the satisfaction of the Principal 
Paying Agent) be released to the Principal Paying Agent and the Covered Bonds must be blocked in an account 
with a clearing system not later than 48 hours before the relevant Meeting. 
7.3 
Validity notwithstanding lack of notice 
A Meeting is valid notwithstanding that the formalities required by this Article 7 are not complied with if the 
Holders of the Covered Bonds constituting all the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds, the 
Holders of which are entitled to attend and vote are represented at such Meeting and the Issuer and the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders are present. 
8. 
CHAIRMAN OF THE MEETING 
8.1 
Appointment of Chairman 
An individual (who may, but need not be, a Covered Bondholder), nominated by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may take the chair at any Meeting, but if: 
8.1.1 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders fails to make a nomination; or 
8.1.2 
the individual nominated declines to act or is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed 
for the Meeting, 
the Meeting shall be chaired by the person elected by the majority of the Voters present, failing which, the 
Issuer shall appoint a Chairman. The Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was 
Chairman at the original Meeting. 
8.2 
Duties of Chairman 
The Chairman ascertains that the Meeting has been duly convened and validly constituted, manages the 
business of the Meeting, monitors the fairness of proceedings, leads and moderates the debate, and determines 
the mode of voting. 
8.3 
Assistance to Chairman 
The Chairman may be assisted by outside experts or technical consultants, specifically invited to assist in any 
given matter, and may appoint one or more-vote counters, who are not required to be Covered Bondholders. 
9. 
QUORUM 
9.1 
The quorum at any Meeting will be: 
9.1.1 
in the case of an Ordinary Resolution, two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 
(fifty) per cent. of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being 
outstanding, the holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, 
two or more persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, 
whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.2 
in the case of an Extraordinary Resolution or a Programme Resolution (subject as provided 
below), two or more persons holding or representing at least 50 (fifty) per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds for the time being outstanding, the

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
holders of which are entitled to attend and vote or, at an adjourned Meeting, two or more 
persons being or representing Covered Bondholders entitled to attend and vote, whatever the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds so held or represented; or 
9.1.3 
at any meeting the business of which includes any of the following matters (other than in 
relation to a Programme Resolution) (each of which shall, subject only to Article 31.4 
(Obligation to act) and Article 32.4 (Obligation to exercise powers), only be capable of being 
effected after having been approved by Extraordinary Resolution) namely: 
(a) 
reduction or cancellation of the amount payable or, where applicable, modification of the 
method of calculating the amount payable or modification of the date of payment or, 
where applicable, modification of the method of calculating the date of payment in 
respect of any principal or interest in respect of the Covered Bonds; 
(b) 
alteration of the currency in which payments under the Covered Bonds are to be made; 
(c) 
alteration of the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
(d) 
any amendment to the Covered Bond Guarantee or the Deed of Pledge or the Deed of 
Charge (except in a manner determined by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders not to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders 
of any Series); 
(e) 
the sanctioning of any such scheme or proposal to effect the exchange, conversion or 
substitution of the Covered Bonds for, or the conversion of such Covered Bonds into, 
shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other 
person or body corporate, formed or to be formed; and 
(f) 
alteration of this Article 9.1.3; 
(each a "Series Reserved Matter"), the quorum shall be two or more persons being or 
representing holders of not less than two-thirds of the aggregate Outstanding Principal Amount 
of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being outstanding or, at any adjourned 
meeting, two or more persons being or representing not less than one-third of the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of such Series for the time being 
outstanding, 
provided that, if in respect of any Covered Bonds the Principal Paying Agent has received 
evidence that ninety per cent (90 per cent.) of the Outstanding Principal Amount of Covered 
Bonds then outstanding is held by a single Holder and the Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction so states, then a single Voter appointed in relation thereto or being the Holder of the 
Covered Bonds thereby represented shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of 
forming a quorum.  
9.2 
In order to avoid conflict of interests that may arise as a result of the Issuer holding the Covered Bonds, 
those Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (if any) which are for the time being held by the Issuer or 
which may be in the future held by any Issuer’s holding company or any Issuer’s subsidiaries, shall 
(unless and until ceasing to be so held) be deemed not to remain “outstanding” for the purposes of the 
right to vote at any Meeting of Covered Bondholders duly convened by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Conditions and these Rules if called to resolve on matters 
where the Issuer is in a conflict of interests, other than in relation to a Series of Covered Bonds where 
the Issuer or any Issuer’s holding company or any Issuer’s subsidiaries hold all Covered Bonds in such 
Series, in which case such provision shall not apply. 
10. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
10.1 
If a quorum is not present for the transaction of any particular business within 15 minutes after the time 
fixed for any Meeting, then, without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for which a 
quorum is present:

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
10.1.1 
if such Meeting was convened upon the requisition of Covered Bondholders, the Meeting shall 
be dissolved; and 
10.1.2 
in any other case, the Meeting shall stand adjourned to the same day in the next week (or if 
such day is a public holiday the next succeeding business day) at the same time and place 
(except in the case of a meeting at which an Extraordinary Resolution is to be proposed in 
which case it shall stand adjourned for such period, being not less than 13 clear days nor more 
than 42 clear days, and to such place as may be appointed by the Chairman either at or 
subsequent to such meeting and approved by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
10.2 
If within 15 minutes (or such longer period not exceeding 30 minutes as the Chairman may decide) after 
the time appointed for any adjourned meeting a quorum is not present for the transaction of any 
particular business, then, subject and without prejudice to the transaction of the business (if any) for 
which a quorum is present, the Chairman may either (with the approval of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders) dissolve such meeting or adjourn the same for such period, being not less than 13 
(thirteen) clear days (but without any maximum number of clear days), and to such place as may be 
appointed by the Chairman either at or subsequent to such adjourned meeting and approved by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
11. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
Except as provided in Article 10 (Adjournment for Want of Quorum), the Chairman may, with the prior consent 
of any Meeting, and shall if so directed by any Meeting, adjourn such Meeting to another time and place. No 
business shall be transacted at any adjourned meeting except business which might have been transacted at the 
Meeting from which the adjournment took place. 
12. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
12.1 
Notice required 
Article 7 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for lack of a quorum 
except that: 
12.1.1 
10 (ten) days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is delivered and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
12.1.2 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
12.2 
Notice not required 
Except in the case of a Meeting to consider an Extraordinary Resolution, it shall not be necessary to give notice 
of resumption of any Meeting adjourned for reasons other than those described in Article 10 (Adjournment for 
Want of Quorum). 
13. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following categories of persons may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(i) 
Voters; 
(ii) 
the directors and the auditors of the Issuer and the Guarantor; 
(iii) 
representatives of the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iv) 
financial advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders; 
(v) 
legal advisers to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
and

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
(vi) 
other person authorised by virtue of a resolution of such Meeting or by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders. 
14. 
VOTING BY SHOW OF HANDS 
14.1 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a vote by a show of 
hands. 
14.2 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed or passed by a particular majority or 
rejected, or rejected by a particular majority, shall be conclusive without proof of the number of votes 
cast for, or against, the resolution. 
15. 
VOTING BY POLL 
15.1 
Demand for a poll 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders or any one or more-Voters, whatever the Outstanding Principal Amount of the 
Covered Bonds held or represented by such Voter(s). A poll may be taken immediately or after such 
adjournment as is decided by the Chairman, but any poll demanded on the election of a Chairman or on any 
question of adjournment shall be taken immediately. A valid demand for a poll shall not prevent the 
continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business. The result of a poll shall be deemed to be the 
resolution of the Meeting at which the poll was demanded. 
15.2 
The Chairman and a poll 
The Chairman sets the conditions for the voting, including for counting and calculating the votes, and may set a 
time limit by which all votes must be cast. Any vote which is not cast in compliance with the terms specified by 
the Chairman shall be null and void. After voting ends, the votes shall be counted, and, after the counting, the 
Chairman shall announce to the Meeting the outcome of the vote. 
16. 
VOTES 
16.1 
Voting 
Each Voter shall have: 
16.1.1 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
16.1.2 
on a poll every Voter who is present shall have one vote in respect of each Euro 1,000 or such 
other amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its absolute discretion 
stipulate (or, in the case of meetings of holders of Covered Bonds denominated in another 
currency, such amount in such other currency as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in its absolute discretion may stipulate) in the Outstanding Principal Amount of 
the Covered Bonds it holds or represents. 
16.2 
Block Voting Instruction 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate state otherwise in the case of a Proxy, a 
Voter shall not be obliged to exercise all the votes to which such Voter is entitled or to cast all the votes he 
exercises the same way. 
16.3 
Voting tie 
In the case of a voting tie, the relevant Resolution shall be deemed to have been rejected. 
17. 
VOTING BY PROXY 
17.1 
Validity

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate appointing 
a Proxy shall be valid even if such Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate or any instruction pursuant to 
which it has been given had been amended or revoked provided that none of the Issuer, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders or the Chairman has been notified in writing of such amendment or revocation at 
least 24 hours prior to the time set for the relevant Meeting. 
17.2 
Adjournment 
Unless revoked, the appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting Instruction or a Voting Certificate in relation 
to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such Meeting following an adjournment save 
that no such appointment of a Proxy in relation to a meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for 
want of a quorum shall remain in force in relation to such meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to 
vote at such Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate to vote at the 
Meeting when it is resumed. 
18. 
RESOLUTIONS 
18.1 
Ordinary Resolutions 
Subject to Article 18.2 (Extraordinary Resolutions), a Meeting shall have the following powers exercisable by 
Ordinary Resolution, to: 
18.1.1 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, is required to be the subject of an Ordinary Resolution or required to be the subject 
of a resolution or determined by a Meeting and not required to be the subject of an 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.1.2 
to authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Ordinary Resolution. 
18.2 
Extraordinary Resolutions 
A Meeting, in addition to any powers assigned to it in the Conditions, shall have power exercisable by 
Extraordinary Resolution to: 
18.2.1 
sanction any compromise or arrangement proposed to be made between the Issuer, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Covered Bondholders or any of 
them; 
18.2.2 
approve any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise in respect of (a) the rights of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Covered 
Bondholders or any of them, whether such rights arise under the Transaction Documents or 
otherwise, and (b) these Rules, the Conditions or of any Transaction Document or any 
arrangement in respect of the obligations of the Issuer under or in respect of the Covered 
Bonds, which, in any such case, shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders and/or any other party thereto; 
18.2.3 
assent to any modification of the provisions of these Rules or the Transaction Documents 
which shall be proposed by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or of any Covered Bondholder; 
18.2.4 
in accordance with Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and Remuneration), appoint and remove 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
18.2.5 
direct the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to issue an Issuer Default Notice as a 
result of an Event of Default pursuant to Condition 12(a) (Issuer Event of Default) or a 
Guarantor Default Notice as a result of a Guarantor Event of Default pursuant to Condition 
12(c) (Guarantor Event of Default);

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
18.2.6 
discharge or exonerate, whether retrospectively or otherwise, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders from any Liability in relation to any act or omission for which the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders has or may become liable pursuant or in relation to these Rules, 
the Conditions or any other Transaction Document; 
18.2.7 
waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer, the Guarantor or (if relevant) 
any other Transaction Party of its obligations under or in respect of these Rules, the Covered 
Bonds or any other Transaction Document or any act or omission which might otherwise 
constitute an Event of Default; 
18.2.8 
grant any authority, order or sanction which, under the provisions of these Rules or of the 
Conditions, must be granted by an Extraordinary Resolution; 
18.2.9 
authorise and ratify the actions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders in 
compliance with these Rules, the Intercreditor Agreement and any other Transaction 
Document; 
18.2.10 to appoint any persons (whether Covered Bondholders or not) as a committee to represent the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders and to confer on any such committee any powers which 
the Covered Bondholders could themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; and 
18.2.11 authorise the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any other person to execute all 
documents and do all things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution. 
18.3 
Programme Resolutions 
A Meeting shall have power exercisable by a Programme Resolution to direct the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders to take action: (i) pursuant to Condition 12(b)(iii) (Effect of an Issuer Default Notice), or 
(ii) pursuant to Condition 12(d)(iv) (Effect of a Guarantor Default Notice – Enforcement), or (iii) to appoint or 
remove the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to Article 26 (Appointment, Removal and 
Remuneration), or (iv) to take any other action required by the Conditions or any Transaction Documents to be 
taken by Programme Resolution. 
18.4 
Other Series of Covered Bonds 
No Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution other than a Programme Resolution that is passed by the 
Holders of one Series of Covered Bonds shall be effective in respect of another Series of Covered Bonds unless 
it is sanctioned by an Ordinary Resolution or Extraordinary Resolution (as the case may be) of the Holders of 
Covered Bonds then outstanding of that other Series. 
19. 
EFFECT OF RESOLUTIONS 
19.1 
Binding nature 
Subject to Article 18.4 (Other Series of Covered Bonds), any resolution passed at a Meeting of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series duly convened and held in accordance with these Rules shall be binding upon all 
Covered Bondholders of any such Series, whether or not present at such Meeting and or not voting. A 
Programme Resolution passed at any Meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series shall be binding 
on all holders of the Covered Bonds of all Series, whether or not present at the meeting. 
19.2 
Notice of voting results 
Notice of the results of every vote on a resolution duly considered by Covered Bondholders shall be published 
(at the cost of the Issuer) in accordance with the Conditions and given to the Principal Paying Agent (with a 
copy to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders within 14 days of the 
conclusion of each Meeting). 
20. 
CHALLENGE TO RESOLUTIONS

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Any absent or dissenting Covered Bondholder has the right to challenge Resolutions which are not passed in 
compliance with the provisions of these Rules. 
21. 
MINUTES 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings of each Meeting and entered in books provided by the 
Issuer for that purpose. The Minutes shall be signed by the Chairman and shall be prima facie evidence of the 
proceedings therein recorded. Unless and until the contrary is proved, every Meeting in respect of which 
minutes have been signed by the Chairman shall be regarded as having been duly convened and held and all 
resolutions passed or proceedings transacted shall be regarded as having been duly passed and transacted. 
22. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution or, in respect of matters 
required to be determined by Ordinary Resolution, as if it were an Ordinary Resolution. 
23. 
INDIVIDUAL ACTIONS AND REMEDIES 
Each Covered Bondholder has accepted and is bound by the provisions of Condition 17 (Limited Recourse and 
Non Petition) and, accordingly, if any Covered Bondholder is considering bringing individual actions or using 
other individual remedies to enforce his/her/its rights under the Covered Bond Guarantee (hereinafter, a 
"Claiming Covered Bondholder"), then such Claiming Covered Bondholder intending to enforce his/her/its 
rights under the Covered Bonds will notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of his/her/its 
intention. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall inform the other Covered Bondholders in 
accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) of such prospective individual actions and remedies and invite them to 
raise, in writing, any objection that they may have by a specific date not more than 30 (thirty) days after the 
date of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders' notification and not less than 10 (ten) days after such 
notification. If Covered Bondholders representing 5 (five) per cent. or more of the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds then outstanding object to such prospective individual actions and 
remedies, then the Claiming Covered Bondholder will be prevented from taking any individual action or 
remedy (without prejudice to the fact that, after a reasonable period of time, the same matter may be 
resubmitted to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the terms of this Article 23). 
24. 
MEETINGS AND SEPARATE SERIES 
24.1 
Choice of Meeting 
If and whenever the Issuer shall have issued and have outstanding Covered Bonds of more than one Series the 
foregoing provisions of this Schedule shall have effect subject to the following modifications: 
24.1.1 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of only one Series shall be deemed to have been duly passed if passed at a 
separate meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of that Series; 
24.1.2 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series but does not give rise to a conflict of interest between 
the holders of Covered Bonds of any of the Series so affected shall be deemed to have been 
duly passed if passed at a single meeting of the holders of the Covered Bonds of all the Series 
so affected; 
24.1.3 
a resolution which in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders affects the 
Covered Bonds of more than one Series and gives or may give rise to a conflict of interest 
between the holders of the Covered Bonds of one Series or group of Series so affected and the 
holders of the Covered Bonds of another Series or group of Series so affected shall be deemed 
to have been duly passed only if passed at separate meetings of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or group of Series so affected; 
24.1.4 
a Programme Resolution shall be deemed to have been duly passed only if passed at a single

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
meeting of the Covered Bondholders of all Series; and 
24.1.5 
to all such meetings all the preceding provisions of these Rules shall mutatis mutandis apply as 
though references therein to Covered Bonds and Covered Bondholders were references to the 
Covered Bonds of the Series or group of Series in question or to the holders of such Covered 
Bonds, as the case may be. 
24.2 
Denominations other than Euro 
If the Issuer has issued and has outstanding Covered Bonds which are not denominated in Euro in the case of 
any Meeting or request in writing or Written Resolution of holders of Covered Bonds of more than one 
currency (whether in respect of the meeting or any adjourned such Meeting or any poll resulting therefrom or 
any such request or Written Resolution) the Outstanding Principal Amount of such Covered Bonds shall be the 
equivalent in Euro at the relevant Swap Rate. In such circumstances, on any poll each person present shall have 
one vote for each Euro 1.00 (or such other Euro amount as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
in its absolute discretion stipulate) of the Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds (converted as 
above) which he holds or represents. 
25. 
FURTHER REGULATIONS 
Subject to all other provisions contained in these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may, 
without the consent of the Issuer, prescribe such further regulations regarding the holding of Meetings and 
attendance and voting at them and/or the provisions of a Written Resolution as the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders in its sole discretion may decide. 
TITLE III 
THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
 
26. 
APPOINTMENT, REMOVAL AND REMUNERATION 
26.1 
Appointment 
The appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders takes place by Programme Resolution in 
accordance with the provisions of this Article 26, except for the appointment of the first Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders which will be Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A.. 
26.2 
Identity of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be: 
26.2.1 
a bank incorporated in any jurisdiction of the European Union or a bank incorporated in any 
other jurisdiction acting through an Italian branch; or 
26.2.2 
a company or financial institution enrolled with the register held by the Bank of Italy pursuant 
to Article 106 of Italian Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1993; or 
26.2.3 
any other entity which is not prohibited from acting in the capacity of Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders pursuant to the law. 
The directors and auditors of the Issuer and those who fall within the conditions set out in Article 2399 of the 
Italian Civil Code cannot be appointed as Representative of the Covered Bondholders and, if appointed as such, 
they shall be automatically removed. 
26.3 
Duration of appointment 
Unless the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is removed by Programme Resolution of the Covered 
Bondholders pursuant to Article 18.3 (Programme Resolution) or resigns pursuant to Article 27 (Resignation of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), it shall remain in office until full repayment or cancellation of 
all the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
26.4 
After termination 
In the event of a termination of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders for any 
reason whatsoever, such representative shall remain in office until the substitute Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, which shall be an entity specified in Article 26.2 (Identity of Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders), accepts its appointment, and the powers and authority of the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders whose appointment has been terminated shall, pending the acceptance of its appointment by the 
substitute, be limited to those necessary to perform the essential functions required in connection with the 
Covered Bonds. 
26.5 
Remuneration 
The Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, shall pay to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders an annual 
fee for its services as Representative of the Covered Bondholders from the Issue Date, as agreed either in the 
initial agreement(s) for the issue of and subscription for the Covered Bonds or in a separate fee letter. Such fees 
shall accrue from day-to-day and shall be payable in accordance with the priority of payments set out in the 
Intercreditor Agreement up to (and including) the date when all the Covered Bonds of whatever Series shall 
have been repaid in full or cancelled in accordance with the Conditions. 
27. 
RESIGNATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may resign at any time by giving at least three calendar 
months' written notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, without needing to provide any specific reason for the 
resignation and without being responsible for any costs incurred as a result of such resignation. The resignation 
of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not become effective until a new Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has been appointed in accordance with Article 26.1 (Appointment) and such new 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders has accepted its appointment, provided that if Covered 
Bondholders fail to select a new Representative of the Covered Bondholders within three months of written 
notice of resignation delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may appoint a successor which is a qualifying entity pursuant to Article 26.2 (Identity of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders). 
28. 
DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
28.1 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as legal representative 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is the legal representative of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders and has the power to exercise the rights conferred on it by the Transaction Documents in order to 
protect the interests of the Covered Bondholders. 
28.2 
Meetings and resolutions 
Unless any Resolution provides to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is responsible 
for implementing all resolutions of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
has the right to convene and attend Meetings (together with its advisers) to propose any course of action which 
it considers from time to time necessary or desirable. 
28.3 
Delegation 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in the exercise of the powers, discretions and authorities 
vested in it by these Rules and the Transaction Documents: 
28.3.1 
act by responsible officers or a responsible officer for the time being of the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders; 
28.3.2 
whenever it considers it expedient and in the interest of the Covered Bondholders, whether by 
power of attorney or otherwise, delegate to any person or persons or fluctuating body of 
persons some, but not all, of the powers, discretions or authorities vested in it as aforesaid.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
Any such delegation pursuant to Article 28.3.1 may be made upon such conditions and subject to such 
regulations (including power to sub-delegate) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may think fit 
in the interest of the Covered Bondholders. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound 
to supervise the acts or proceedings of such delegate or sub-delegate and shall not in any way or to any extent 
be responsible for any loss incurred by reason of any misconduct, omission or default on the part of such 
delegate or sub-delegate, provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall use all reasonable 
care in the appointment of any such delegate and shall be responsible for the instructions given by it to such 
delegate. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall, as soon as reasonably practicable, give notice 
to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the appointment of any delegate and any renewal, extension and termination 
of such appointment, and shall procure that any delegate shall give notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor of the 
appointment of any sub-delegate as soon as reasonably practicable. 
28.4 
Judicial proceedings 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders is authorised to represent the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders in any judicial proceedings including any Insolvency Event in respect of the Issuer and/or the 
Guarantor. 
28.5 
Consents given by Representative of Covered Bondholders 
Any consent or approval given by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders under these Rules and any 
other Transaction Document may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders deems appropriate and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary 
contained in the Rules or in the Transaction Documents, such consent or approval may be given retrospectively. 
28.6 
Discretions 
Save as expressly otherwise provided herein, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have 
absolute discretion as to the exercise or non-exercise of any right, power and discretion vested in the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders by these Rules or by operation of law. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for any costs and expenses that may result from the exercise or 
non-exercise thereof except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of its gross negligence (colpa grave) or 
wilful misconduct (dolo). 
28.7 
Obtaining instructions 
In connection with matters in respect of which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is entitled to 
exercise its discretion hereunder, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has the right (but not the 
obligation) to convene a Meeting or Meetings in order to obtain the Covered Bondholders' instructions as to 
how it should act. Prior to undertaking any action, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be 
entitled to request that the Covered Bondholders indemnify it and/or provide it with security as specified in 
Article 29.2 (Specific Limitations). 
28.8 
Remedy 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may in its sole discretion determine whether or not a default in 
the performance by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any obligation under the provisions of these Rules, the 
Covered Bonds or any other Transaction Documents may be remedied, and if the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders certifies that any such default is, in its opinion, not capable of being remedied, such 
certificate shall be conclusive and binding upon the Issuer, the Covered Bondholders, the other creditors of the 
Guarantor and any other party to the Transaction Documents. 
29. 
EXONERATION OF THE REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
29.1 
Limited obligations 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not assume any obligations or responsibilities in addition 
to those expressly provided herein and in the Transaction Documents.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
29.2 
Specific limitations 
Without limiting the generality of Article 29.1, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders: 
29.2.1 
shall not be under any obligation to take any steps to ascertain whether an Issuer Event of 
Default or a Guarantor Event of Default or any other event, condition or act, the occurrence of 
which would cause a right or remedy to become exercisable by the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, has occurred and, 
until the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has actual knowledge or express notice to 
the contrary, it shall be entitled to assume that no Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event 
of Default or such other event, condition or act has occurred; 
29.2.2 
shall not be under any obligation to monitor or supervise the observance and performance by 
the Issuer or the Guarantor or any other parties of their obligations contained in these Rules, the 
Transaction Documents or the Conditions and, until it shall have actual knowledge or express 
notice to the contrary, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be entitled to 
assume that the Issuer or the Guarantor and each other party to the Transaction Documents are 
duly observing and performing all their respective obligations; 
29.2.3 
except as expressly required in these Rules or any Transaction Document, shall not be under 
any obligation to give notice to any person of its activities in performance of the provisions of 
these Rules or any other Transaction Document; 
29.2.4 
shall not be responsible for investigating the legality, validity, effectiveness, adequacy, 
suitability or genuineness of these Rules or of any Transaction Document, or of any other 
document or any obligation or rights created or purported to be created hereby or thereby or 
pursuant hereto or thereto, and (without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing) it shall not 
have any responsibility for or have any duty to make any investigation in respect of or in any 
way be liable whatsoever for: 
(i) 
the nature, status, creditworthiness or solvency of the Issuer or the Guarantor; 
(ii) 
the existence, accuracy or sufficiency of any legal or other opinion, search, report, 
certificate, valuation or investigation delivered or obtained or required to be delivered or 
obtained at any time in connection with the Programme; 
(iii) the suitability, adequacy or sufficiency of any collection procedure operated by the 
Master Servicer or the Servicers or compliance therewith; 
(iv) the failure by the Issuer to obtain or comply with any licence, consent or other 
authorisation in connection with the purchase or administration of the assets contained in 
the Cover Pool; and 
(v) 
any accounts, books, records or files maintained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Master 
Servicer, the Servicers and the Principal Paying Agent or any other person in respect of 
the Cover Pool or the Covered Bonds; 
29.2.5 
shall not be responsible for the receipt or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the issue 
of the Covered Bonds or the distribution of any of such proceeds to the persons entitled thereto; 
29.2.6 
shall have no responsibility for procuring or maintaining any rating of the Covered Bonds by 
any credit or rating agency or any other person; 
29.2.7 
shall not be responsible for investigating any matter which is the subject of any recital, 
statement, warranty, representation or covenant by any party other than the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders contained herein or in any Transaction Document or any certificate, 
document or agreement relating thereto or for the execution, legality, validity, effectiveness, 
enforceability or admissibility in evidence thereof;

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
29.2.8 
shall not be liable for any failure, omission or defect in registering or filing or procuring 
registration or filing of or otherwise protecting or perfecting these Rules or any Transaction 
Document; 
29.2.9 
shall not be bound or concerned to examine or enquire into or be liable for any defect or failure 
in the right or title of the Guarantor in relation to the assets contained in the Cover Pool or any 
part thereof, whether such defect or failure was known to the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders or might have been discovered upon examination or enquiry or whether capable 
of being remedied or not; 
29.2.10 shall not be under any obligation to guarantee or procure the repayment of the Mortgage Loans 
contained in the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.11 shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any report relating to the Cover Pool or 
any part thereof provided by any person; 
29.2.12 shall not be responsible for or have any Liability with respect to any loss or damage arising 
from the realisation of the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.13 shall not be responsible (except as expressly provided in the Conditions) for making or 
verifying any determination or calculation in respect of the Covered Bonds, the Cover Pool or 
any Transaction Document; 
29.2.14 shall not be under any obligation to insure the Cover Pool or any part thereof; 
29.2.15 shall, when in these Rules or any Transaction Document it is required in connection with the 
exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions to have regard to the interests of the 
Covered Bondholders, have regard to the overall interests of the Covered Bondholders of each 
Series as a class of persons and shall not be obliged to have regard to any interests arising from 
circumstances particular to individual Covered Bondholders whatever their number and, in 
particular but without limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of such exercise for 
individual Covered Bondholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any 
purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, 
any particular territory or taxing authority; 
29.2.16 shall not, if in connection with the exercise of its powers, trusts, authorities or discretions, it is 
of the opinion that the interest of the holders of the Covered Bonds of any one or more Series 
would be materially prejudiced thereby, exercise such power, trust, authority or discretion 
without the approval of such Covered Bondholders by Extraordinary Resolution or by a written 
resolution of such Covered Bondholders holding not less than 25 (twenty-five) per cent. of the 
Outstanding Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series then outstanding; 
29.2.17 shall, as regards at the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested in it by the Transaction 
Documents, except where expressly provided therein, have regard to the interests of both the 
Covered Bondholders and the other creditors of the Issuer or the Guarantor but if, in the 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, there is a conflict between their 
interests the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will have regard solely to the interest 
of the Covered Bondholders; 
29.2.18 shall not (unless and to the extent ordered so to do by a court of competent jurisdiction or by 
any competent authority) be under any obligation to disclose to any Covered Bondholders, any 
Other Creditor or any other person any confidential, financial, price sensitive or other 
information made available to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the Issuer, by 
the Guarantor or any other person in connection with these Rules, the Covered Bonds or any 
other Programme Documents, and none of the Covered Bondholders, Other Creditors nor any 
other person shall be entitled to take any action to obtain from the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders any such information;  
29.2.19 shall be entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, authority, duty or

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
discretion under or in relation to these Rules that such exercise will not be materially 
prejudicial to the interest of the Covered Bondholders if, along with other factors, it has 
accessed the view of, and, in any case, with prior written notice to, the Rating Agency, and has 
ground to believe that the then current rating of the Covered Bonds would not be adversely 
affected by such exercise. If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to 
properly exercise its rights or fulfil its obligations, deems it necessary to obtain the valuation of 
the Rating Agency regarding how a specific act would affect the rating of the Covered Bonds, 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall so inform the Issuer and the Guarantor 
and, in agreement with the Issuer, may seek to obtain the valuation at the Issuer’s expense on 
behalf of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders;  
29.2.20 may refrain from taking any action or exercising any right, power, authority or discretion 
vested in it under these Rules or any Transaction Document or any other agreement relating to 
the transactions herein or therein contemplated until it has been indemnified and/or secured to 
its satisfaction against any and all actions, proceedings, claims and demands which might be 
brought or made against it and against all Liabilities suffered, incurred or sustained by it as a 
result. Nothing contained in these Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents shall 
require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to expend or risk its own funds or 
otherwise incur any financial liability in the performance of its duties or the exercise of any 
right, power, authority or discretion hereunder if it has grounds for believing the repayment of 
such funds or adequate indemnity against, or security for, such risk or liability is not reasonably 
assured; and 
29.2.21 shall not have any liability for any loss, liability, damages claim or expense directly or 
indirectly suffered or incurred by the Issuer, the Guarantor, any Covered Bondholder, any 
Other Creditor or any other person as a result of any determination, any act, matter or thing that 
will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of the Covered Bondholders as a whole or the 
interests of the Covered Bondholders of any Series. 
29.3 
Covered Bonds held by Issuer 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may assume without enquiry that no Covered Bonds are, at 
any given time, held by or for the benefit of the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
29.4 
Illegality 
No provision of these Rules shall require the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to do anything which 
may be illegal or contrary to applicable law or regulations or to expend moneys or otherwise take risks in the 
performance of any of its duties, or in the exercise of any of its powers or discretion. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may refrain from taking any action which would or might, in its opinion, be contrary to 
any law of any jurisdiction or any regulation or directive of any agency of any state, or if it has reasonable 
grounds to believe that it will not be reimbursed for any funds it expends, or that it will not be indemnified 
against any loss or Liabilities which it may incur as a consequence of such action. The Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders may do anything which, in its opinion, is necessary to comply with any such law, 
regulation or directive as aforesaid. 
30. 
RELIANCE ON INFORMATION 
30.1 
Advice 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may act on the advice of a certificate or opinion of, or any 
written information obtained from, any lawyer, accountant, banker, broker, credit or rating agency or other 
expert, whether obtained by the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or 
otherwise, and shall not be liable for any loss occasioned by so acting. Any such opinion, advice, certificate or 
information may be sent or obtained by letter, telegram, e-mail or fax transmission and the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders shall not be liable for acting on any opinion, advice, certificate or information 
purporting to be so conveyed although the same contains some error or is not authentic and, in circumstances 
where in the opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to obtain such advice on any other basis

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
is not practicable, notwithstanding any limitation of or cap on liability in respect thereof. 
30.2 
Certificates of Issuer and/or Guarantor 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may require, and shall be at liberty to accept (a) as sufficient 
evidence 
30.2.1 
as to any fact or matter prima facie within the Issuer's or the Guarantor's knowledge, a 
certificate duly signed by a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the Guarantor; 
30.2.2 
that such is the case, a certificate of a director of the Issuer or (as the case may be) the 
Guarantor to the effect that any particular dealing, transaction, step or thing is expedient, 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be bound in any such case to call for further 
evidence or be responsible for any loss that may be incurred as a result of acting on such certificate unless any 
of its officers in charge of the administration of these Rules shall have actual knowledge or express notice of 
the untruthfulness of the matters contained in the certificate. 
30.3 
Resolution or direction of Covered Bondholders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for acting upon any resolution 
purporting to be a Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting in respect whereof minutes have 
been made and signed or a direction of the requisite percentage of Covered Bondholders, even though it may 
subsequently be found that there was some defect in the constitution of the Meeting or the passing of the 
Written Resolution or the giving of such directions or that for any reason the resolution purporting to be a 
Written Resolution or to have been passed at any Meeting or the giving of the direction was not valid or 
binding upon the Covered Bondholders. 
30.4 
Certificates of Monte Titoli Account Holders 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in order to ascertain ownership of the Covered Bonds, may 
fully rely on the certificates issued by any Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with the regulation 
issued by the Bank of Italy and the CONSOB on 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented, 
which certificates are to be conclusive proof of the matters certified therein. 
30.5 
Clearing Systems 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be at liberty to call for and to rely on as sufficient 
evidence of the facts stated therein, a certificate, letter or confirmation certified as true and accurate and signed 
on behalf of such clearing system as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers appropriate, or 
any form of record made by any clearing system, to the effect that at any particular time or throughout any 
particular period any particular person is, or was, or will be, shown its records as entitled to a particular number 
of Covered Bonds. 
30.6 
Certificates of Parties to Transaction Document 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to call for or require the Issuer or the 
Guarantor to call for and to rely on written certificates issued by any party (other than the Issuer or the 
Guarantor) to the Intercreditor Agreement or any other Transaction Document, 
30.6.1 
in respect of every matter and circumstance for which a certificate is expressly provided for 
under the Conditions or any Transaction Document; 
30.6.2 
as any matter or fact prima facie within the knowledge of such party; or 
30.6.3 
as to such party's opinion with respect to any issue 
and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be required to seek additional evidence in respect 
of the relevant fact, matter or circumstances and shall not be held responsible for any Liabilities incurred as a

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
result of having failed to do so unless any of its officers has actual knowledge or express notice of the 
untruthfulness of the matter contained in the certificate. 
30.7 
Auditors 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be responsible for reviewing or investigating any 
auditors' report or certificate and may rely on the contents of any such report or certificate. 
31. 
AMENDMENTS AND MODIFICATIONS 
31.1 
Modification 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time and without the consent 
or sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series concur with the Issuer and/or the Guarantor and any other 
relevant parties in making any modification (and for this purpose the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders may disregard whether any such modification relates to a Series Reserved Matter) as follows: 
31.1.1 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the sole 
opinion of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, it may be expedient to make 
provided that the Representative of the Covered Bondholders is of the opinion that such 
modification will not be materially prejudicial to the interests of any of the Covered 
Bondholders of any Series; and 
31.1.2 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is of a formal, 
minor, administrative or technical nature or to comply with mandatory provisions of law;  
31.1.3 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, is to correct a manifest error or an error 
established as such to the satisfaction of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; and 
31.1.4 
to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the other Transaction Documents which is necessary or 
appropriate in order to comply with the EU Directive on Covered Bonds, any national 
provisions implementing the EU Directive on Covered Bonds and/or any other applicable law 
or regulations. 
31.2 
Binding Nature 
Any such modification may be made on such terms and subject to such conditions (if any) as the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding upon the Covered Bondholders and, unless the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders otherwise agrees, shall be notified by the Issuer or the Guarantor 
(as the case may be) to the Covered Bondholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as 
practicable thereafter. 
31.3 
Establishing an error 
In establishing whether an error is established as such, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
have regard to any evidence on which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders considers it appropriate 
to rely and may, but shall not be obliged to, have regard to any of the following: 
31.3.1 
a certificate from the Arranger: 
(i) 
stating the intention of the parties to the relevant Transaction Document; 
(ii) 
confirming nothing has been said to, or by, investors or any other parties which is in any 
way inconsistent with such stated intention; and 
(iii) stating the modification to the relevant Transaction Document that is required to reflect 
such intention; and

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
31.3.2 
confirmation from the relevant credit rating agencies that, after giving effect to such 
modification, the Covered Bonds shall continue to have the same credit ratings as those 
assigned to them immediately prior to the modification. 
31.4 
Obligation to act 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to concur with the Issuer and the 
Guarantor and any other party in making any modifications to these Rules, the Conditions and/or the 
other Transaction Documents if it is so directed by a Programme Resolution and then only if it is 
indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself 
liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
 
32. 
WAIVER 
32.1 
Waiver of Breach 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders may at any time and from time to time without the consent or 
sanction of the Covered Bondholders of any Series and, without prejudice to its rights in respect of any 
subsequent breach, condition, or event but only if, and in so far as, in its opinion the interests of the Holders of 
the Covered Bonds of any Series then outstanding shall not be materially prejudiced thereby: 
32.1.1 
authorise or waive, any proposed breach or breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the 
covenants or provisions contained in the Covered Bond Guarantee these Rules or the other 
Transaction Documents; or 
32.1.2 
determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor Event of Default shall not be treated as 
such for the purposes of the Transaction Documents, 
without any consent or sanction of the Covered Bondholders. 
32.2 
Binding Nature 
Any authorisation, or, waiver or determination may be given on such terms and subject to such conditions (if 
any) as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may determine, shall be binding on all Bondholders 
and, if the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, shall be notified to the Bondholders and the 
Other Creditors by the Issuer or the Guarantor, as soon as practicable after it has been given or made in 
accordance with the provisions of the conditions relating to Notices and the relevant Transaction Documents. 
32.3 
Restriction on powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not exercise any powers conferred upon it by this Article 
32 (Waiver) in contravention of any express direction by an Programme Resolution, but so that no such 
direction shall affect any authorisation, waiver or determination previously given or made. 
32.4 
Obligation to exercise powers 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall be bound to waive or authorise any breach or proposed 
breach by the Issuer or the Guarantor of any of the covenants or provisions contained in the Guarantee, these 
Rules or any of the other Transaction Documents or determine that any Issuer Event of Default or Guarantor 
Event of Default shall not be treated as such if it is so directed by an Programme Resolution and then only if it 
is indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction against all Liabilities to which it may thereby render itself liable 
or which it may incur by so doing. 
32.5 
Notice of waiver 
If the Representative of the Covered Bondholders so requires, the Issuer shall cause any such authorisation, 
waiver or determination to be notified to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, as soon as 
practicable after it has been given or made in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
33. 
INDEMNITY 
Pursuant to the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement and other document been agreed between 
the Issuer and the Relevant Dealer(s), the Issuer, failing which the Guarantor, has covenanted and undertaken to 
reimburse, pay or discharge (on a full indemnity basis), to the extent not already reimbursed, paid or discharged 
by the Covered Bondholders, all costs, liabilities, expenses and claims (including without limitation legal fees 
and any applicable value added tax or similar taxes) duly documented and properly and reasonably incurred by 
or made against the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or any entity to which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has delegated any power, authority or discretion in relation to the exercise or purported 
exercise of its powers, authorities and discretions and the performance of its duties under and otherwise in 
relation to these Rules and the Transaction Documents, including but not limited to legal expenses, and any 
stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other taxes or duties paid by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders in connection with any action and/or legal proceedings brought or contemplated by the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Transaction Documents against the Issuer, or any 
other person to enforce any obligation under these Rules, the Covered Bonds or the Transaction Documents, 
except insofar as the same are incurred as a result of fraud (frode), gross negligence (colpa grave) or wilful 
default (dolo) of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. 
34. 
LIABILITY 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Rules, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not 
be liable for any act, matter or thing done or omitted in any way in connection with the Transaction Documents, 
the Covered Bonds, the Conditions or the Rules except in relation to its own fraud (frode), gross negligence 
(colpa grave) or wilful default (dolo). 
35. 
SECURITY DOCUMENTS 
35.1 
The Deed of Pledge 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall have the right to exercise all the rights granted by the 
Guarantor to the Covered Bondholders pursuant to the Deed of Pledge. The beneficiaries of the Deed of Pledge 
are referred to in this Article 35 as the "Secured Bondholders". 
35.2 
Rights of Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
35.2.1 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders, acting on behalf of the Secured Bondholders, 
shall be entitled to appoint and entrust the Guarantor to collect, in the Secured Bondholders' 
interest and on their behalf, any amount deriving from the pledged claims and rights, and shall 
be entitled to give instructions, jointly with the Guarantor, to the respective debtors of the 
pledged claims to make the payments related to such claims to any account opened in the name 
of the Guarantor and appropriate for such purpose; 
35.2.2 
The Secured Bondholders irrevocably waive any right they may have in relation to any amount 
deriving from time to time from the pledged claims or credited to any such account opened in 
the name of the Guarantor and appropriate of such purpose which is not in accordance with the 
provisions of this Article 35. The Representative of the Covered Bondholders shall not be 
entitled to collect, withdraw or apply, or issue instructions for the collection, withdrawal or 
application of, cash deriving from time to time from the pledged claims under the Deeds of 
Pledge except in accordance with the provisions of this Article 35 and the Intercreditor 
Agreement. 
TITLE IV 
THE ORGANISATION OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS AFTER SERVICE OF A 
GUARANTOR DEFAULT NOTICE 
36. 
POWERS TO ACT ON BEHALF OF THE GUARANTOR 
It is hereby acknowledged that, upon service of a Guarantor Default Notice or, prior to service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, following the failure of the Guarantor to exercise any right to which it is entitled, pursuant to

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
the Mandate Agreement the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative 
of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, shall be entitled (also in the interests of the Other Creditors) 
pursuant to Articles 1411 and 1723 of the Italian Civil Code, to exercise certain rights in relation to the Cover 
Pool. Therefore, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, in its capacity as legal representative of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders, will be authorised, pursuant to the terms of the Mandate Agreement, 
to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor and as mandatario in rem propriam of the Guarantor, 
any and all of the Guarantor's rights under certain Transaction Documents, including the right to give directions 
and instructions to the relevant parties to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
TITLE V 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
37. 
GOVERNING LAW 
These Rules are governed by, and will be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
38. 
JURISDICTION 
The Courts of Rome will have jurisdiction to law and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle 
any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with these Rules.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part of the Final 
Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms.  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold, or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (UE) 2016/97 
(the “IDD”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1  
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS –The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the “EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.]2 
[MIFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of each of the manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds 
is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU 
(“MiFID II”) / [MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturers’ 
 
1 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products or the issuer wishes 
to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be 
“Applicable”  
2 Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Covered Bonds potentially constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared in the UK or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to UK retail investors for any other reason, in 
which case the selling restriction should be specified to be “Applicable”

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its 
own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturers’ target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE/PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct 
of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Covered Bonds (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A.  
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Description] Covered Bonds due 
[Maturity] 
unconditionally and irrevocably guaranteed as to payments of interest and principal by 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. 
(incorporated as a limited liability company under the laws of the Republic of Italy and registered at the 
Companies 'Registry of Rome under registration number 15231571009) 
under the Euro 10,000,000,000 Covered Bond Programme 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) set forth in the base prospectus dated [•] which constitutes a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bond described herein for the purposes of Article 8 
of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Covered Bonds and must 
be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the offer of the Covered Bonds described herein is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. The Base Prospectus[, 
including the supplement[s]] [is/are] available for viewing at the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange at www.luxse.com. These Final Terms will be published on website of the Luxembourg Stock

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
Exchange at www.luxse.com.  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.). [When completing any final terms 
consideration should be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new 
factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of 
the Prospectus Regulation.] 
 
 
1. 
(i) Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[•] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
(i) Series: 
[•] 
(ii) Tranches: 
[•] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount 
5. 
(i) Specified Denominations: 
€ 100,000 [plus integral multiples of € [1,000] in 
excess thereof] (Include the wording in square 
brackets where the Specified Denomination is Euro 
100,000 or equivalent plus multiples of a lower 
principal amount) 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Covered Bonds) 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to the 
relevant month and year] 
8. 
Extended Maturity Date of Guaranteed 
Amounts corresponding to Final 
Redemption Amount under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee: 
[Not applicable/Specify date or (for Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds) Interest Payment Date falling in or 
nearest to the relevant month and year] (as referred to 
in Condition 9(b)) 
 
9. 
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[Specify reference rate] +/- [Margin] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon (as referred to in Condition 7)] 
[(further particulars specified in items 15 / 16 / 17 
below)]

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
10. Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Covered Bonds (other than Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds) will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at par (as referred to in Condition 9(a))] 
/ [Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, Instalment Covered Bonds will be 
redeemed at par on the payment dates and the relevant 
amounts specified in item 23 / [Subject to any 
purchase and cancellation or early redemption, Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[•] (insert an amount above 
100%)/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount.] (as 
referred to in Condition 9(h)) / [Instalment] [Subject 
to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Covered Bonds shall be redeemed in the Covered 
Bond Instalment Amounts and on the Covered Bond 
Instalment Dates set out in paragraph 23 below]   
11. Change of Interest Basis: 
[Not Applicable] / [•] (insert details of the interest 
basis applicable) 
12. Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Put Option (as referred to in Condition 9(f))] 
[Call Option (as referred to in Condition 9(d))] 
[(further particulars specified in items [18] / [19] 
below)] 
13. [Date of [Board] approval for issuance of 
Covered Bonds [and of receipt of Covered 
Bond Guarantee]: 
[•] [and [•]], respectively 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds or related Covered Bond Guarantee)] 
14. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
Provisions Relating to Interest (if any) Payable 
15. Fixed Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in 
Condition 5) (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year [adjusted in accordance with 
[Following Business Day Convention] / [FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention] / [Modified Following Business Day 
Convention or Modified Business Day Convention] / 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] (specify 
Business Day Convention and any applicable 
Additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
“Business Day”) / [not adjusted] 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/  
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/  
Actual/360/30/360/  
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/  
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vi) Step-up in accordance with 
Condition 8 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- Step-Up Event 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
[- Step-Up Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum] 
16. Floating Rate Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in 
Condition 6) (If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. A Specified Period, rather than Interest 
Payment Dates, will only be relevant if the Business 
Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating 
Rate 
Convention 
or 
Eurodollar 
Convention. 
Otherwise, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iii) Interest Payment Dates: 
[•] (Specified Period and Interest Payment Dates are 
alternatives. If the Business Day Convention is the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention, insert “Not Applicable”) 
(iv) First Interest Payment Date: 
[•] 
(v) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
(vi) Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/ Insert relevant place for Additional 
Business Centre] 
(vii) Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination]

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
(viii) Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Principal 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
(ix) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 Reference Rate: 
[For example EURIBOR] 
 Interest Determination Date(s): 
[•] 
 Relevant Screen Page: 
[For example Reuters EURIBOR 01] 
 Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time] 
 Relevant Financial Centre: 
[For example, Euro-zone (where Euro-zone means the 
region comprised of the countries whose lawful 
currency is the euro] 
(x) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
 Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
 Reset Date: 
[•] 
(xi) Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xii) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)/  
Actual/Actual (ISDA)/ 
Actual/365 (Fixed)/  
Actual/360/30/360/  
30E/360/ 
Eurobond Basis/  
30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(xv) Step-up in accordance with 
Condition 8 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[- Step-Up Event 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
[- Step-Up Margin 
[•] per cent. per annum] 
17. Zero Coupon Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in 
Condition 7) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[•] 
Provisions Relating to Redemption 
18. Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in 
Condition 9(d)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
Covered Bonds: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
 
Minimum Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(iv) Notice period: 
[•] 
19. Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (as referred to in 
Condition 9(f)) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(i) Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[•] 
(ii) Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Covered Bonds: 
[•] per Calculation Amount  
(iii) Notice period: 
[•] 
20. Final Redemption Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(The Final Redemption Amount in respect of any 
Series of Covered Bonds other than Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds shall be equal to the nominal amount 
of the relevant Covered Bonds) 
21. Early Redemption Amount 
[Not Applicable/ [•] per Calculation Amount] (as 
referred to in Condition 9) 
Early 
redemption 
amount(s) 
per 
Calculation 
Amount 
payable 
on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on 
acceleration following a Guarantor Event 
of Default: 
(If both the Early Redemption Amount and the Early 
Termination Amount are the principal amount of the 
Covered Bonds/specify the Early Redemption Amount 
and/or the Early Termination Amount if different from 
the principal amount of the Covered Bonds) 
General Provisions Applicable To The Covered Bonds 
22. Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/Insert place for Additional Financial 
Centre] 
[Note that this paragraph relates to the date and place 
of payment, and not interest period end dates, to

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
which sub paragraphs 15(ii) and 16 (vi) relate] 
23. Details relating to Covered Bonds for 
which principal is repayable in instalments: 
amount of each instalment, date on which 
each payment is to be made: 
[[Not Applicable/[•]] 
[The Covered Bonds shall be redeemed on each date 
set out below (each a "Covered Bond Instalment 
Date") in the amounts set out below (each a "Covered 
Bond Instalment Amount"). 
Covered Bond 
Instalment Date 
[•] 
[•] 
[Maturity Date] 
Covered Bond 
Instalment Amount 
[•] 
[•] 
All outstanding Covered 
Bonds not previously 
redeemed] 
Third party information 
[(Relevant third party information) has been extracted from (specify source). Each of the Issuer and the 
Guarantor confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. 
 
__________________ 
By: …………………….. 
Duly authorised 
 
 
Signed on behalf of 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. 
 
__________________ 
By: …………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
Listing And Admission To Trading 
 
(i) Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / 
(specify other) / None] 
(ii) Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Covered Bonds to be admitted to 
trading on [the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/specify other regulated market] with 
effect from [●].] [Not Applicable.] 
(iii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2. 
Ratings: 
The Covered Bonds to be issued have been rated: 
[Moody’s: [•][Insert brief explanation of the meaning 
of the rating if this has been previously published by 
Moody’s]] 
[[Other]: [•][Insert brief explanation of the meaning of 
the rating if this has been previously published by 
[Other]]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Covered Bonds of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the issue 
has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
[Each of the Rating Agencies is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”)] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
[but the rating it has given to the Covered Bonds is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and is 
included in the list of registered credit rating agencies 
published on the website of the European Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http:// 
www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-
agencies/risk as being registered] / [but is certified] /

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
[and is not certified under nor is the rating it has 
given to the Covered Bonds endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered] 
under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”).] 
In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes 
unless such rating is (1) issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA 
but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the EEA which is certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation. 
In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from 
using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the “UK CRA Regulation”) unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation.  
(Include 
the 
relevant 
wording 
as 
applicable 
depending on the relevant rating agency assigning a 
rating to the Covered Bonds issued) 
3. 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons Involved in the Issue/Offer 
[Save for any fees payable to the Dealer(s),] so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the 
offer of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to the offer. 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
Reasons for the offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
Reasons for the offer/use of proceeds: 
[•] [See [“Use of Proceeds”] in Base Prospectus] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, include those use of proceeds 
here. If the Covered Bonds are Social Covered Bonds

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
or Green Covered Bonds or Sustainability Covered 
Bonds describe the relevant projects to which the net 
proceeds of the Tranche of Covered Bonds will be 
applied and refer to relevant bond framework.)] 
Estimated net amounts of proceeds: 
[•] 
Estimated expenses in relation to the 
admission to trading:  
[•] (Include breakdown of expenses)] 
5. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only – Yield 
 
Indication of yield: 
[•] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds only – Historic Interest Rates 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/other] rates can be obtained from [Reuters] / [•] on the screen page 
[•]] / [Not Applicable]. 
Benchmarks 
Amounts payable under the Covered Bonds will be 
calculated by reference to [•] which is provided by 
[•]. As at [•], [•] [appears/does not appear] on the 
register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2016/1011) 
(the Benchmarks Regulation). 
[As far as the Issuer is aware, [●] does/does not fall 
within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by 
virtue of Article 2 of that regulation] / [the 
transitional 
provisions 
in 
Article 
51 
of 
the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply], such that [●] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European 
Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).]]  
7. 
Distribution 
 
(i) If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
(ii) Stabilising Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category: TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA not applicable] 
[Date of [Subscription] Agreement] or of 
other contractual arrangement to subscribe 
the Covered Bonds: 
 
[Not Applicable / [•]] 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Covered Bonds may constitute 
"packaged" products and no KID will be prepared, 
"Applicable" should be specified) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute 
“packaged” products, or the Covered Bonds do 
constitute “packaged” products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, “Not 
Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered Bonds 
may constitute “packaged” products, “Applicable” 
should be specified)  
8. 
Operational Information 
 
ISIN Code: 
[•] 
Common Code: 
[•] (if available) 
[CFI: 
[[●], as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
applicable] 
FISN: 
[[●] as set out on the website of the Association of 
National 
Numbering 
Agencies 
(ANNA) 
or 
alternatively sourced from the responsible National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN] / [Not 
Applicable]]  
Any Relevant Clearing System(s) other 
than Monte Titoli S.p.A. Euroclear Bank 
S.A./N.V. 
and 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
société 
anonyme 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
Address 
of 
any 
Relevant 
Clearing 
System(s) other than Monte Titoli S.p.A., 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. and Clearstream 
Banking, société anonyme 
[Not Applicable / [_____].] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment. 
Names and Specified Offices of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
Calculation Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
Listing Agent(s) (if any): 
[•] 
Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (if any): 
[•]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes/No] 
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be held in a 
form which would allow Eurosystem eligibility (i.e. 
issued in dematerialised form (emesse in forma 
dematerializzata) 
and 
wholly 
and 
exclusively 
deposited with Monte Titoli in accordance with 83-bis 
of Italian legislative decree No. 58 of 24 February 
1998, as amended, through the authorised institutions 
listed in article 83-quater of such legislative decree) 
and does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds 
will 
be 
recognised 
as 
eligible 
collateral 
for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
European Covered Bonds (premium) 
[Applicable] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of the sale of the Covered Bonds will be used by the Issuer as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms, which will be one or more of the following: 
(a) 
for general funding purposes of the Issuer and the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea; and 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible 
Sustainability Projects (each, as defined below). 
In relation to (b) above, in accordance with the relevant definition criteria set out by ICMA from time to time:  
(a) 
only Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Green Projects will be 
denominated “Green Covered Bonds”;  
(b) 
only Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Social Projects will be 
denominated “Social Covered Bonds”; and 
(c) 
only Series or Tranches of Covered Bonds financing or refinancing Eligible Sustainability Projects 
will be denominated “Sustainability Covered Bonds”.   
In the event of a project divestment or if a project no longer meets the eligibility criteria, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds of the “Green Covered Bonds”, “Social Covered Bonds” or “Sustainability Covered Bonds” 
will be used to finance or refinance other projects qualifying as Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social 
Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects, as the case may be. 
Green Covered Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Green Projects” means projects with positive environmental 
outcomes, in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green projects pursuant to the then 
applicable Green Bond Principles published by ICMA, as will be further specified under the Issuer’s Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
Social Covered Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Social Projects” means projects with positive social outcomes, in 
accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for social projects pursuant to the then applicable 
Social Bond Principles published by ICMA, as will be further specified under the Issuer’s Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework.  
Sustainability Covered Bonds 
For the purpose of this section, “Eligible Sustainability Projects” means projects with positive environmental 
and social outcomes, in accordance with the applicable Sustainability Bond Guidelines published by ICMA 
(involving a combination of its Green Bond Principles and Social Bond Principles), as will be further 
specified under the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. The Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is available on the Issuer's website at: www.gruppoiccrea.it. For 
the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to 
be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Second-party Opinion 
Where the Final Terms specify that the proceeds to the Covered Bonds will be used to finance or refinance 
Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability Projects (in whole or in part), the 
Issuer may appoint consultants and/or institutions with recognised expertise in environmental sustainability to

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
issue a second-party opinion (a “Second-party Opinion”) attesting that the relevant projects have been 
defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for those projects set out by ICMA. 
The Final Terms relating to such Covered Bonds will specify (to the extent known at the relevant date):  
(i) 
further details of the Eligible Green Projects, Eligible Social Projects or Eligible Sustainability 
Projects selected by the Issuer for financing and/or refinancing with the net proceeds of the issue of the 
Covered Bonds;  
(ii) 
where a list of the relevant projects is or will be available for viewing by Covered Bondholders; and 
(iii) 
details of periodic updates, including an updated list of the relevant projects financed and/or 
refinanced with the net proceeds of the Covered Bonds, the amounts allocated and their expected 
impact, any ongoing process of verification, information on key performance indicators relating to 
such projects and where that information will be made available for viewing by Covered Bondholders.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
 
THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") is a bank incorporated in Italy as a limited liability company (società per 
azioni). The full legal name of the Issuer is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo", 
and its abbreviated form is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A.". 
The Issuer, a member of Gruppo IVA Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, is registered in the companies 
register of Rome under tax code and registration number 04774801007, VAT number 15240741007 and with 
the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy under number 5251. Its registered office is located at Via 
Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) and its telephone number is +39 06 72071. The Issuer’s website is 
https://www.iccreabanca.it. 
The Issuer's business authorisation is valid until 31 December 2050, with the possibility of this term being 
extended by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting under article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws. 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official Gazette of the Italian 
Republic (and subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law no. 49/2016) (the "BCC Reform 
Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures for Italy's cooperative credit banks (banche di 
credito cooperativo).  
The Issuer has since undergone a corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, and has become 
group head company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) of the Iccrea Cooperative 
Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperative Iccrea) (the "Group") which, at the date of this Base 
Prospectus comprises 117 cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) (the "BCCs") and the 
Group Companies (defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 97,75% of the Issuer's shares are held by the BCCs, Cassa Centrale 
Banca del Nord-Est, Raiffeisen Landesbank Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto Adige and certain other banks. 
The remaining shares in the Issuer are owned by other entities permitted under the BCC Reform Law. For more 
information, see "Shareholdings in the Issuer" below. 
The Issuer has majority shareholdings in the following companies which, together with the BCCs and the Issuer 
form the Group: BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A. (100% as of 27 July 2018), Iccrea BancaImpresa S.p.A. (100% 
as of 29 December 2020), BCC Factoring S.p.A. (100% as of 1 January 2021), BCC CreditoConsumo S.p.A. 
(100% as of 21 December 2020), BCC Risparmio&Previdenza SGR (100% as of 14 January 2021), BCC 
Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. (100% as of 15 October 2021), BCC Sinergia S.p.A. (100% as of 1 January 2023), 
BCC Lease S.p.A., (100% as of 27 February 2023), Banca Sviluppo S.p.A., BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l., Sigest 
S.r.l., BCC Financing S.p.A., Immobiliare Banca d'Alba S.r.l., BCC Sistemi Informatici S.c.p.A., BCC POS 
S.p.a., BIT S.p.A., Brianza Elaborazione Dati S.p.A., Coopersystem Società Cooperativa S.p.A. and Iccrea 
Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Group Companies"). 
In addition, the Issuer also holds minority participations in BCC Assicurazioni S.p.A. (30.27%), BCC Vita 
S.p.A (30.27%), Vorvel SIM. (20%), H-Benchmark (10%), Real Estate Roma Olgiata S.r.l. (10%) and Pitagora 
Finanziamenti Contro Cessione del Quinto S.p.A. (9.9%). Such companies fall outside the perimeter of the 
Group. 
History and Development 
The origins of the Issuer and its current corporate structure can be traced back to the 1960's. "Istituto di Credito 
delle Casse Rurali e Artigiane" abbreviated "ICCREA", (Credit Institution of Rural and Artisan Banks), (the

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
"Credit Institution") was incorporated on 30 November 1963, with approximately 190 rural banks signing its 
charter. 
In the early years of its business activities, the Credit Institution provided services to a growing number of 
banks. During the early 1970's the number of client banks and rural banks to which the Credit Institution was 
providing services continued to expand, resulting in the establishment of separate departments providing 
banking services, in order to better serve the companies within the Group. 
In 1975, the Fondo Centrale di Garanzia was also established. This was one of the first examples in Italy of a 
funding system providing key financial and credit services to a network of banking institutions. 
Twenty years after its establishment, and following high growth in the agricultural banking system, the role of 
the Credit Institution became increasingly important. 
In 1985, the Sezione Speciale per il Credito alla Cooperazione at BNL (the department of Banca Nazionale del 
Lavoro specialising in lending to rural business cooperatives) authorised the Credit Institution to provide 
finance to rural banks, which then enabled them to grant loans to various cooperatives. 
During the same year, the Credit Institution increased its share capital to 80 billion Italian liras and established 
a company named "Coogestioni" (now Fondo Aureo) to manage mutual funds, which came on to the market 
launching the fund named "Aureo". 
In 1992, the Credit Institution became a member of the UNICO Banking Group, a partnership of European co-
operative banks founded in 1977, which resulted in an expansion of its presence in the European market. 
In 1995, the Issuer was established, and the banking activities of the Credit Institution were transferred to the 
Issuer. 
On 1 July 1995, the Issuer became an official member of the UNICO Banking Group. 
In 1997, the Issuer joined the newly established "Fondo di Garanzia dei Depositanti del Credito Cooperativo", 
and a year later it became active in a number of the divisions of the Milan stock exchange (including in shares, 
bonds and derivatives). Ultimately the Issuer became a primary dealer on the wholesale market for Government 
bonds. 
On 29 July 1999, by an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders, the name of Iccrea S.p.A. was changed to 
"ICCREA BANCA – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo – joint-stock company" with effect from 1 
January 2000. 
In 2000, the Issuer launched a complex and strategic reorganisation of its banking businesses/operations with 
the aim of bringing itself closer to credit cooperative banks and their markets. The Issuer's share capital was 
420 billion Italian liras and, on 22 September 2000 the board of directors agreed to its conversion to Euro 
216,913,200. 
Reform of Cooperative Credit Banks 
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) can join a 
cooperative banking group (gruppo bancario cooperativo) as long as the group head company (capogruppo for 
the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) is a public limited company with assets of no less than Euro 1 billion. 
Under the BCC Reform Law, the group head company is required to perform certain management and 
coordination activities pursuant to a cohesion contract (contratto di coesione) that is entered into between the 
members of the relevant banking group. Adherence to such a cooperative banking group and the entering into a 
cohesion contract with the group head are pre-conditions for obtaining authorisation, from the Bank of Italy, for 
a bank to operate banking activities in the form of a cooperative credit bank.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
In line with the BCC Reform Law described above, on 1 June 2016, the Bank of Italy authorised the reverse 
merger of Iccrea Banca S.p.A. and Iccrea Holding S.p.A pursuant to Article 57 of Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Consolidated Banking Act"). The 
merger took place in Rome with the signing of a deed of merger between the two companies, and became 
effective from 1 October 2016 (1 January 2016, for accounting purposes).  
As a result of the merger, the Issuer became the head group company of the Iccrea banking group (in line with 
European practices relating to banking groups monitored by the European Central Bank (the "ECB")), 
replacing Iccrea Holding S.p.A., by universal succession, in all its roles including as a member of the UNICO 
Banking Group. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of group head company 
(capogruppo) of the Iccrea cooperative banking group, and sent to the ECB and the Bank of Italy its request to 
establish the Group comprising, at such date, 142 BCCs. 
The establishment of the Group was authorised by the ECB on 24 July 2018. 
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved certain amendments to its by-laws, to bring 
them in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, 
and to increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, from Euro 1.15 billion to Euro 1.4 billion. 
On 4 March 2019, the ECB gave its final approval to the establishment of the Group (comprising, at such date, 
142 BCCs), which was then formally registered in the Italian register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi 
Bancari) by the Bank of Italy.  
Since such approval date, there have been several BCC mergers (Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Gradara S.C. 
with RiminiBanca Credito Cooperativo di Rimini e Valmarecchia S.C. on 31 March 2019, BCC di Serino with 
BCC di Capaccio Paestum on 31 March 2019, Banca di Formello e Trevignano Romano di Credito 
Cooperativo with Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Riano on 1 January 2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di 
Valledolmo with Banca di Credito Cooperativo San Giuseppe di Petralia Sottana on 1 January 2020, Banca 
CRAS Credito Cooperativo Toscano – Siena with Banca di Credito Cooperativo Umbria S.C. on 10 January 
2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Monastier e del Sile with Banca di Credito Cooperativo Pordenonese on 
22 January 2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo Don Stella di Resuttano, Banca di Credito Cooperativo San 
Biagio Platani and Banca di Credito Cooperativo San Giuseppe Mussomeli with Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
G. Toniolo di San Catando on 1 October 2020, Credito Trevigiano Banca di Credito Cooperativo with Cassa 
Rurale ed Artigiana di Brendola on 26 October 2020, BCC di Buonabitacolo with Banca del Cilento di Sassano 
e Vallo di Diano e della Lucania on 11 February 2021) and Banca San Giorgio Quinto Valle Agno Credito 
Cooperativo with Banca di Verona Credito Cooperativo Cadidavid S.c.p.a. on 12 April 2021, Banca Terre 
Etrusche e di Maremma with Banca Valdichiana Credito Cooperativo di Chiusi e Montepulciano on 26 July 
2021, BCC di Borghetto Lodigiano with Banca Centropadana on 13 September 2021, BCC Cereabanca 1897 
with BCC Verona e Vicenza on 21 February 2022, BCC Massafra with BCC Taranto on 14 March 2022, BCC 
Cittanova, BCC Crotonese and BCC Vibonese with BCC del Catanzarese on 11 April 2022, BCC Oppido 
Lucano Ripacandida with BCC di Spinazzola on 9 May 2022, BCC San Giuseppe delle Madonie with BCC 
Mutuo Soccorso Gangi on 23 May 2022 and BCC Milano with BCC Bergamo on 13 June 2022, BCC G. 
Toniolo di San Cataldo with BCC San Michele di Caltanisetta e Pietraperzia on 14 November 2022, Vival 
Banca – Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Montecatini Terme, Bientina e San Pietro in Vincio Società 
Cooperativa with Banca Alta Toscana Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa on 21 November 2022, Vival 
Banca – Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Montecatini Terme, Bientina e San Pietro in Vincio s.c. with Banca 
Centro Credito Cooperativo Toscana Umbria Soc. Cooperativa on 12 December 2022, BCC Bari with Banca 
Taranto e Massafra BCC Soc. Coop. on 24 April 2023 so that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total 
number of BCCs is 117.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
The Cohesion Contract 
In January 2019, the Issuer and the BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion Contract") in 
accordance with the BCC Reform Law.  
Pursuant to the Cohesion Contract each BCC accepts that it is subject to the Issuer's management and 
coordination in accordance with the terms set out therein.  
Amongst other things, the Cohesion Contract sets out the Group's corporate governance and administrative 
rules, so as to allow the Issuer to issue strategic guidelines and ensure that the Group's operational objectives 
are set and subsequently followed. 
More specifically, the Cohesion Contract: 
a) 
regulates the Issuer's powers of appointment and dismissal of the members of the individual BCC's 
administrative bodies pursuant to the principle that the shareholders' meetings may approve such matters 
unless the persons proposed for such offices are deemed by the Issuer to be: 
 
not adequate with respect to the Group's governance needs or the effectiveness of the management 
and coordination of the Issuer, or  
 
unsuitable with respect to ensuring a sound and prudent management of the individual BCC, 
having regard to, in particular, already demonstrated skills and results achieved as a company 
representative. 
In such cases, on the basis of reasonably justified considerations, the Issuer can exercise powers of 
direct appointment and dismissal; and 
b) 
describes the Issuer's supervisory functions in respect of the risk appetite framework, individual BCCs' 
internal controls and outsourcing of the Group functions.  
Moreover, to ensure operational continuity of the Group's strategic, managerial and technical-operational 
oversight and the management equilibrium of individual BCCs, the Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers 
to set (and then monitor) strategies, policies and principles of evaluation and measurement of Group risks. 
To this end, the Cohesion Contract envisages that it is the Issuer that sets (at group level) individual BCC's 
policies relating to its exposure to financial risks (including equity and real estate investment decisions), the 
granting of credit and the management of conflicts of interest. 
Supervisory and intervention activities  
As well as regulating the Issuer's general framework of oversight and powers of intervention, the Cohesion 
Contract defines a whole series of prevention (and where necessary correction) measures. These include, 
amongst others, the ability to intervene regarding an individual BCC's liquidity and risk profile, its disposal of 
participatory and real estate investments and distribution of dividends. 
Compliance with prudential and reporting requirements 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to issue individual BCCs with binding prudential and reporting 
requirements. It also gives the Issuer sole responsibility for setting regulatory risks measurement 
methodologies. 
Strategic operations 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to approve individual BCC's strategically important operations, 
which could include asset acquisitions and disposals, the opening of new branches (both in Italy and abroad) 
and the provisions of services at an international level.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
Cross Guarantee Scheme 
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism governed by Italian law 
which, pursuant to Circular No. 285, has been defined also to meet the requirements for a "cross guarantee 
scheme" as defined under the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee Scheme"). In particular: 
a) 
the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. In turn, each 
BCC cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will support the obligations of the 
Issuer and all other BCCs;  
b) 
the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and the individual 
BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the Issuer;  
c) 
in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and the guidelines of 
the Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the BCCs have put in place 
arrangements to ensure the prompt provision of financial means in terms of capital and liquidity if 
required. In particular, the Issuer and the BCCs have committed funds readily available to them which 
may be applied by the Issuer in its discretion and as it determines, in order to meet the obligations of 
the Issuer and the BCCs, thereby providing inter-group financial support; and 
d) 
the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of which, in the 
case of the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with the Issuer plus a quota that can 
be called on by the Issuer on demand if needed.  
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so its provision is 
an unavoidable condition. Prospective Covered Bondholders should be aware, therefore, of the risk that the 
Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, if necessary, its own assets to 
provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance of the cross-guarantee obligations.  
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels of the Issuer's and BCCs' joint and several 
liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital resource of the Issuer and the 
individual BCCs (as the case may be). In order to pursue the objectives defined, such scheme is also based on 
an estimate of the overall guarantee requirements through an analysis of potential vulnerability in adverse 
conditions, an EBA compliant stress test for each member of the Group. 
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial support mechanism 
within which the participating banks provide each other with financial support to ensure solvency and liquidity 
(particularly for the purpose of their compliance with prudential requirements and any requirements of the 
supervisory authority) and to avoid, where necessary, submission to resolution procedures pursuant to 
Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or to compulsory administrative liquidation procedures pursuant to art. 80 and 
following of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, shares in the Issuer are held by approximately 136 shareholders. The 
table below shows the shareholdings in excess of 2 per cent. of the entire share capital. 
 
Shareholders of the Issuer  
% of share capital held 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma 
9.038 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano 
3.989

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese 
3.611 
Emilbanca Credito Cooperativo 
3.546 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Alba, Langhe, Roero e del Canavese 
3.504 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Cantù 
2.841 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Carate Brianza 
2.549 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo ""G. Toniolo" e San Michele di San Cataldo
2.413 
Rivierabanca Credito Cooperativo di Rimini e Gradara 
2.368 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma 
2.377 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo Pordenonese e Monsile – Società 
Cooperativa 
2.044 
Banca Centro - Credito Cooperativo Toscana - Umbria Società 
Cooperativa 
 
2.000 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the banks affiliated to the Cassa Centrale Group do not hold Issuer's 
shares. 
The Group's structure 
ICCREA COOPERATIVE BANKING GROUP 
 
 
Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches  
The Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group is the largest Cooperative Banking Group nationwide and Italy’s third-
largest banking group in terms of number of branches, with 2,4348 branches (11.6% of the market share) 
operated by 117 mutual banks and by Banca Sviluppo. The Group has more than 861,150 shareholders. In 
terms of assets the Group is the fourth-largest banking group of Italy with a total assets of Euro 173.5 billion 
and an total own funds equal to Euro 13 billion. The Group has an extensive retail customer base (comprising 
families and SMEs). Direct funding from ordinary customers, excluding repos with institutional counterparties 
and including outstanding debt securities (bonds and certificates of deposit), as at 31 December 2022 are Euro 
117 Cooperative Banks 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. 
Iccrea BancaImpresa S.p.A. - BCC Factoring S.p.A. - BCC Lease S.p.A. - BCC CreditoConsumo 
S.p.A. - BCC Risparmio&Previdenza SGR - Banca Sviluppo S.p.A. - BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A. -  
BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l. – BCC Sinergia S.p.A. - Sigest S.r.l. – BCC Financing S.p.A. - BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi S.r.l. - Immobiliare Banca d'Alba S.r.l. - BCC Sistemi Informatici S.c.p.A. - BIT S.p.A. - 
BCC POS S.p.A. - Brianza Elaborazione Dati S.p.A. - Coopersystem Società Cooperativa S.p.A. – 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
120.83  billion while loans to customers at the same date were Euro 91 billion net of debt securities. The strong 
link of the Group with its Italian customer base is the basis of the high component of such direct funding which 
is largely represented by deposits from customers (especially current accounts and deposits) equal to Euro 
111.6 billion and to a lesser extent by bonds and certificates of deposit equal to Euro 9.2 billion. 
In recent years, the mutual banking system has also undergone a process of rationalising the network, which — 
although manifesting itself to a lesser extent than for Italy’s broader banking industry — is to be seen within 
the context of the affiliated banks’ characteristics of having a physical presence close to their communities as 
being of fundamental importance in their relationships with customers and with the communities themselves.  
This trend continued in 2019 with the creation of the new Group and in 2020, a period in which the affiliated 
banks further rationalized their branch networks by closing branches, some of which were replaced by branches 
opened in areas that were not adequately served, thereby resulting in only a slight decline in number of 
branches. 
In order to ensure a proper balance between physical presence and economic sustainability, following creation 
of the Group, an initial territory-development plan has been defined, the goals of which include increasing the 
market share of gross banking operations by repositioning branches in more attractive markets and rationalizing 
the branch network in order to achieve a greater reduction in branches than in recent years. 
Reorganisation of the Group’s retail segment – Electronic money 
In line with the overall development and positioning strategy in the segment, work continued to implement the 
new electronic-money model with the aim of enabling the affiliated banks to develop their full commercial 
potential in part through the achievement of new synergies by the product company. 
In particular, on April 1, and May 1, 2022, the transfers of the acquiring and issuing business units by Iccrea 
Banca to BCC Pay were completed for a total of approximately €20.6 million of value. On August 3 2022, the 
partnership agreement signed with FSI SGR S.p.A. on January 29, of the same year was completed following 
the conclusion of the authorization process by the supervisory authorities.  
FSI SGR S.p.A. and Iccrea Banca, acting through the vehicle Pay Holding S.p.A., in which they held 60% and 
40% interests respectively, acquired the entire share capital of BCC Pay for a total valuation of up to €500 
million (including a deferred component). The transaction produced a gross capital gain of approximately €430 
million at both the separate and consolidated levels. At the same time, a long-term distribution agreement for 
BCC Pay products and services was also signed for Iccrea Banca and, through it, for the affiliated banks. 
Furthermore in 2022, Iccrea Banca started the acquisition of the POS operations carried out by Coopersystem. 
In particular, on November 29, 2022 Iccrea Banca set up a company called BCC POS S.p.A. that on February 
1, 2023 acquired the Coopersystem business unit involved in the purchase, lease, sale, maintenance and 
assistance of POS terminals.  
De-risking and NPE reduction 
During 2022, the important derisking initiatives carried out and the evolution of the risk profile of the 
performing portfolio – which is significantly better than expected - allowed the Group to target NPE levels 
closer to the expectations of the supervisory authorities (Gross Group NPL Ratio at December 31, 2022 equal 
to 4.5%, taking account of portfolios classified as non-current assets held for sale involved in two transactions 
called Mible and Waarde), bringing achievement of the targets set in the 2022-2024 strategic plan forward by 
three years.  
 
3 Direct lending is composed as follows: current accounts and demand deposits Euro 106.7 billion, time deposits Euro 3.7 
billion, securities issued Euro 9.2 billion, other payables Euro 1.2 billion.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
On 31 March 2023, the Issuer approved a new business plan for the years 2023-2025, which in view of the 
results of the derisking illustrated above and bearing in mind the prevailing macroeconomic scenario (impacted 
by the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the persistence of inflation, the restrictive monetary policy stance, and 
the moderate contraction of GDP forecast for 2023, with moderate growth expected in subsequent years), was 
developed in accordance with the strategic imperative of lending continuity to the process of reducing the 
Group's risk profile. 
In the macroeconomic environment outlined above, despite maintaining a prudent approach, the quality of the 
loan portfolio is nevertheless expected to deteriorate during the course of the first year with a gradual 
improvement over the course of the three-year period.  
Regarding the composition of the asset quality of the Group’s loans to customers, as at 31 December 2022, the 
total gross amount of Euro 94.7 billion was made up of: performing loans (Euro 90.5 billion) and non-
performing loans (Euro 4.3 billion), including bad loans (Euro 1.4 billion), UTP (Euro 2.5 billion) and past due 
loans (Euro 0.4 billion). 
As at 31 December 2022 the Gross NPL ratio was equal to 4.5% (compared with 6.9% as at 31 December 
2021) while the Net NPL ratio was equal to 1.5% (compared with 2.7% as at 31 December 2021). Coverage of 
NPLs rose to 67.8% at the end of December 2022 (compared with 62.7% as at 31 December 2021) while bad 
loans amounted to Euro 2.5 billion (compared with Euro 3.2 billion as at 31 December 2021). 
Strategy  
The Group’s strategic plan 
The procedure for the establishment and authorisation of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group, which began 
following the 2016 reform of the mutual banking industry, was completed with the registration of the Group by 
the Bank of Italy in the Register of Banking Groups on 4 March 2019. 
In its strategic perspective, the Issuer aspires to become an efficient platform for governance services, shared 
services and products available to BCCs; hence, the need to face an important challenge of efficiency 
improvement, which is part of a necessary investment programme to (i) complete the Group’s operating 
structure, (ii) improve the level of service for the BCCs and (iii) review the territorial model and management 
of professional resources. 
On 31 March 2023 the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the 2023-2025 Strategic Plan (Plan).   
As part of the periodic review of our performance-financial targets, in accordance with the rolling approach to 
strategic planning adopted by the Group, the horizon of the Plan was extended to 2025, factoring in the changed 
macroeconomic and financial conditions and the better-than-expected results achieved in 2022, even if certain 
income components were peculiar. 
The extension of the business plan horizon to 2025 keeps the Group's development and growth guidelines 
unchanged, confirming its evolution towards an even stronger capital situation, with asset quality in line with 
the average of the main banks on the Italian market and sustainable profitability in the medium term buoyed by 
diversifying the sources of revenue, a sound liquidity position and the maintenance of a strong local and mutual 
approach in line with the values that inspire cooperative credit. 
As regards credit quality, the consolidated business plan targets a gross NPL ratio of 3.5% in 2025 (with a net 
NPL ratio of 1.6% in 2025), with a higher cost of risk compared with 2022, equal to 77 bps on average over the 
three-year period, leveraging the continuation of the derisking initiatives already activated by the Group since 
its establishment, focused on the proactive management of performing positions characterized by a high risk of 
impairment, on more attentive selection of new credit positions, on measures to strengthen cure and workout 
activities, and on recourse to the sale of UTP positions and bad loans.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
On the profitability front, the consolidated plan targets an ROE of more than 5.5% over the entire period of the 
plan, increasing to 6.9% in 2025. With the absence of the extra returns generated in 2022 by the securities 
portfolio (inflation-indexed component), net interest income is expected to be close to €3.3 billion over the plan 
period. Profitability is supported by growth in the contribution of net fee and commission income as a 
consequence of development initiatives for customer services, in particular in asset management and payments 
and by initiatives to containing the growth of operating expenses, which had an impact of more than 2 
percentage points on the cost/income ratio, which is expected to reach 62.5% in 2025, a marked improvement 
compared with the 2022 figure adjusted for peculiar components. 
With regard to the capital profile, the Total Capital ratio is projected at 21.8% in 2025 and MREL capacity will 
ensure an adequate buffer with respect to the regulatory requirements. The liquidity profile remains solid both 
at short term (an LCR of 246% by 2025) and on a structural basis (an NSFR of 150% by 2025). 
Additional guidelines regard: 
 
digital transformation: the objective of the Group's 2023-2025 Plan is to implement the digital 
transformation program, strengthening the BCC's "omnichannel" service approach by developing 
digital channels to improve customer relations, reduce management costs and increase sales, targeting 
the Group's new competitive positioning; 
 
IT: the Plan seeks to forge a transformation to reconcile cost optimization, innovation and speed of 
realization, including through the choice of sourcing options. The Plan incorporates measures for the 
modernization of systems and the service model, with investments over the period covered by the plan 
amounting to more than €200 million. 
The process for defining the corporate strategy takes Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) factors into 
due consideration, an area which affects all corporate policies and processes. Taking account of regulatory 
developments and feedback from the supervisory authorities, analyses of the main market trends, players and 
outcomes and suggestions from the update of the sustainability rating, the Group has continued to integrate 
ESG factors into corporate processes, defining new and more challenging objectives during strategic planning 
along the three drivers of sustainability, setting quantitative targets. 
Implementation of the Group’s commercial and marketing strategies 
In 2022, the Group continued its efforts to enhance its banking model in support of local communities (which is 
typical of the BCCs), while maintaining a keen focus on the needs of the territory and on the satisfaction 
customers and shareholders.  
The Issuer, in support of this development path, continued the execution of numerous projects, including: 
 
Full Commercial Potential, a project of business development and specialization for the mutual banks, 
in line with the adoption of the new service models and revision of the distribution models, including 
development of the catalogue of products and services (especially in the areas of asset management, 
insurance and bancassurance, ancillary services for individuals, consumer credit, and e-money services, 
with a focus on commercial initiatives for international services, short-term products, leasing, factoring 
agribusiness services, tourism and structured finance, exploiting opportunities offered by the NRRP 
where appropriate). Many mutual banks are already active, and encouraging results have been achieved 
in terms added value in customer advisory services and an increase in the provision of other premium 
services; 
 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM), with the goal of providing the mutual banks with a single 
tool at the Group level that orchestrates commercial initiatives and commercial relationship 
management using all available channels based on a single information base with a 360° view of the

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
customer. In 2022, the application was released to all of the Group’s mutual banks, and all of them are 
active in the effort and have launched at least one campaign for their customers; 
 
Wealth Management Platform (WMP), aimed at creating an IT platform for the development of our 
advisory models in order to ensure the quality of the offering and management of investment, funding, 
and life and non-life insurance. The WMP was launched into production in April 2021 with a 
progressive roll-out plan; at December 31, 2022, there were 113 active banks; 
 
Asset Management, which is focused on strengthening the role of the Group’s Investment Center 
within our proprietary asset management company as a hub for the development of asset management 
tools, in collaboration with the WM unit (the hub for investment instruments and services) in 2022 
continued the launch of initiatives to expand the range of products and services available to the mutual 
banks for their customers (for example, the launch of the family of business portfolio management 
products dedicated to organizations, the expansion of the range of sustainable portfolio management 
products, the extension of agreements with third-party asset managers, the roll-out of three new funds 
with placement windows - one operated directly by the asset management company and two operated 
by third-party asset managers – and the modification of the Aureo open-end pension fund, which also 
involved the addition of sustainability features); 
 
Rationalization of the Group Product Catalog in order to improve the quality of information and reduce 
the number of products, with completion scheduled for the first half of 2023. 
Finally, the commercial initiatives promoted within the scope of Italy’s NRRP deserve particular mention. 
Of particular importance is the €2.5 billion fund established by the Group to provide financial support to 
customer companies that invest in areas consistent with the plan (e.g., digital transition, ecological transition 
and energy efficiency). During the year, an agreement was signed with a market leading advisor on subsidized 
finance to support the mutual banks’ customer companies in accessing the various national and regional 
subsidized finance measures, including those supported with NRRP funds. The Group's goal is to gradually 
provide firms - with particular attention to SMEs - an NRRP ecosystem where they can find solutions, offered 
directly by Group companies and selected partners, to seize opportunities in the future years. 
Overview of business activities 
The Issuer's primary purpose is to support and strengthen the banking businesses of the BCCs through all forms 
of lending, the delivery of technical and financial assistance in accordance with the procedures set out in the 
relevant BCC's by-laws and through other initiatives aimed at facilitating the interests of the BCCs and 
pursuing the interest of the Group. 
The BCCs are local and rural banks that provide banking services in a defined and limited geographical area, 
and mainly to their shareholders.  
The corporate purpose of the Issuer also includes the collection of savings, lending in its various forms, 
purchase of trade receivables and factoring. The Issuer may carry out, subject to and in compliance with 
applicable banking regulations, financial transactions and services, as well as any transactions which may be 
instrumental to, or related to, the business of the Group. 
The Issuer may, subject to and in accordance with existing laws and regulations, issue bonds, hold equity 
interests in other companies (including majority interest holdings in companies which carry out business 
activities) provided that these contribute towards the fulfilment of the Issuer's corporate purpose. 
The Issuer prepares a regular management report, in accordance with a specific "data model", reporting on the 
results obtained by the individual business areas into which the Issuer's activities are subdivided.

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
Business Areas 
The individual business areas of the Issuer are the following: 
1. 
Finance and Lending; 
2. 
Payment Systems; and 
3. 
Corporate Centre. 
These business areas are made up of an aggregation of units and business lines which have similar 
characteristics with regard to the type of products and services provided and regulatory requirements with 
which the Issuer needs to comply in conducting its business. 
The Finance and Lending area includes the Capital Market, Treasury, Structured Finance and Institutional 
Lending units, the Payment System segment comprises the Collections and Payments units and the institutional 
services and ICT functions are grouped under the Corporate Centre. 
Business Units   
The Issuer carries out certain activities on its own account and, at the same time, provides services to the BCCs 
in accordance with its corporate purpose.  
The Issuer’s individual business units can be summarised as follows: 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer Area ("CFO Area" or "Finance Area"). This comprises Group Finance 
(Finanza di Gruppo), which is in turn divided into the following organisational units: 
a) Capital Markets Organisational Unit; 
b) Treasury Organisational Unit; 
c) Legal Finance & Advisory Organisational Unit; 
d) Financial Analyses and Solutions Organisational Unit; 
e) Financial Governance Organisational Unit.  
2. 
Credit and Subsidiaries Area, which comprises the Chief Lending Officer Area ("CLO Area")  
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area (“COO Area”). This comprises the Back Office, which in turn is divided 
into the following organisational units: 
a) Collection and Payments Organisational Unit; and  
b) Institutional Services Organisational Unit. 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area").  
Descriptions of Business Units and Organisational Units 
The following is a description of each business unit, summarising the scope of its activities together with, each 
organisational unit within such business unit. 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") Area and Group Finance  
The CFO Area ensures the proper management of the Group’s financial assets, recommending investment 
strategies and ensuring financial stability, managing its liquidity, funding, and related risks. The CFO ensures 
the implementation of such strategies, the proper, timely execution of separate and consolidated financial 
reporting, and the fulfillment of all accounting, tax and regulatory obligations.

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
Group Finance works under the header of the CFO Area and is responsible for the management of the financial 
business of the Group, proposing investment strategies and guaranteeing the Group’s financial stability through 
liquidity/funding management and risk control. It also manages relations with investors and with rating 
agencies. 
This unit is subdivided as follows: 
Capital Markets 
The Capital Markets Organisational Unit operates on the financial markets and guarantees access to trading 
venues and over-the-counter markets. Within this context, it performs certain functions, including the 
following: 
a) 
manages the securities, trading and banking book portfolios of the Issuer and members of the Group 
that entrust the Issuer with the management of their securities portfolios;  
b) 
operates as market maker for the main transactions subject to negotiation, and is responsible for the 
bidding processes for government and corporate securities; 
c) 
manages the interest rate risk of the Issuer and the Group, as well as the market and financial risks to 
which the various portfolios are subject to; 
d) 
coordinates the provision of investment services to the clientele (negotiations on the Issuer's own 
account, execution of orders on behalf of customers, and the placement, receipt and transmission of 
orders); 
e) 
structures financial products in accordance with the requirements of the Group and BCC clientele in 
line with the instructions received from the Treasury Organisational Unit ("Treasury"); 
f) 
provides support to Treasury, and supervises the medium to long term liability structuring operations 
for the Issuer on the debt capital markets; 
g) 
draws up reports and analyses of financial information on market trends and forecasts of the main 
macroeconomic aggregates; and 
h) 
defines, on behalf of the Issuer, the banks belonging to the Group, as well as their policies and 
operating guidelines on market, financial and interest rate risks; and 
i) 
streamlines the execution of optimisation strategies concerning the consolidated risk profile in support 
of the Issuer's Balance Sheet Management Organisational Unit. 
Treasury 
The Treasury operates within the monetary, foreign exchange and precious metals markets to ensure the 
efficient implementation of the instructions received from the Group companies, the BCCs and other 
customers, monitors the short and medium to long term funding requirements and related risks (interest and 
exchange rates and liquidity) on behalf of the Issuer and the Group and ensures an optimum level of structural 
liquidity in normal business conditions and in stress and crisis situations.  
Within that context, it carries out certain activities including the following:  
a) 
the correct implementation and running of the monetary policy with the ECB, and the operations on the 
monetary and collateralised markets and short-term interest rate derivatives markets, with the 
management of the positions within the operating limits assigned;  
b) 
the management of the liquidity positions, with support for the units responsible for the origination of 
structured finance instruments (securitisation and covered bonds);

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
c) 
the management of the interest rate risk to which the Issuer and the Group are subject, by means of 
market transactions and through modifications to the payable and receivable interest rate structures for 
the portfolios for which it is responsible; 
d) 
the management of the liquidity risk on behalf of the Issuer and the Group; 
e) 
the coordination of negotiating services on its own account of interest-rate derivatives in foreign 
currency and foreign exchange derivatives; 
f) 
the management and development of the treasury processes linked to settlement systems (Target 2 and 
ancillary systems, T2S, CLS, BICOMP, EBA etc.), collateral and corresponding accounts, in order to 
guarantee and optimise the availability of cash and collateral at Issuer and group level;  
g) 
the definition of policies and operating guidelines on market, financial and interest rate risks on behalf 
of the Issuer and the Group; and 
h) 
the implementation of strategies for optimising the consolidated risk profile together with the Balance 
Sheet Management Organisational Unit belonging to the Financial Governance Organisational Unit. 
Legal Finance & Advisory 
The Legal Finance & Advisory Organisational Unit operates with the support of other relevant organisational 
units to carry out the activities necessary for the achievement of business objectives, such as: 
a) 
negotiating agreements, drafting offer documents, feasibility studies and legal opinions; 
b) 
dealing with preliminary procedures involving Italian and international supervisory bodies; 
c) 
advising the Issuer in structured finance transactions (securitisation of performing and NPE loans and 
covered bond programmes); 
d) 
acting as arranger or co-arranger in structuring, ongoing and placement activities (with the exception of 
NPE loans transactions for which it only provides assistance in defining the legal and contractual 
characteristics); 
e) 
monitoring the regulations applicable to the operations of the Finance Area, in relation to which it 
recommends upgrading actions on the basis of its analysis of the impact of Italian and international 
regulations, acting in coordination with the compliance team; 
f) 
coordinating the drafting of legal, tax and accounting opinions on finance transactions, as and when 
these are required; 
g) 
supporting other Organisational Units in their interactions with official bodies, authorities, agencies and 
associations; 
h) 
enabling Organisational Units within the Finance Area to take part in the working parties set up by trade 
associations, acting in coordination with the Chief Compliance Officer Area;  
i) 
providing the Chief Compliance Officer Area with support for the presentation of amendments and/or 
additions to regulations subject to consultations or those that are in the process of implementation to the 
relevant authorities, either directly or through the trade associations; and 
j) 
supporting the Organisational Units within the Finance Area with those regulatory formalities 
concerning investment services (such as the drafting of and annual checks on execution policies, and the 
drafting of reports). 
Financial Analyses and Solutions

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
The Financial Analyses and Solutions Organisational Unit operates as a skills centre for the Issuer and the 
Group in relation to the design, development and maintenance of the mathematical and financial models used 
for fair value (mark to model) calculations, for both management and accounting purposes, for all the financial 
instruments (securities and derivatives) and receivables (subject to approval by credit risk management).  
The modelling and quantitative analysis operations carried out extend to the design and development of 
quantitative aspects linked to the issue of retail products and checks on the evidence produced by outside 
supplier calculation engines on IFRS 9– Financial Instruments related matters (SPPI and benchmark tests).  
This unit also provides the necessary functional support by participating in the development of projects and 
new initiatives of an applicational nature in respect of evolution-based activities carried out by the 
Organisational Units of the Finance Area, for which it defines the specifications, carries out the related analyses 
along with the relevant Organisational Units and ensures the planning and ongoing coordination of the 
operations between the Finance Area and ICT.  
It also sets up the front-office and position keeping systems (static and market data) and updates them on the 
basis of specific user requests in accordance with company policies (with particular reference to regulatory 
requirements and/or new regulations), carries out functional and patch testing and application upgrades (with 
the involvement of outside parties, where applicable), and provides support for the implementation of 
prototypes of the planned pricing models. 
Financial Governance  
The Financial Governance Organisational Unit carries out crosswise tasks with respect to the Group Finance 
Organisational Unit's operations and supports its manager in coordinating the activities performed by the 
operational units. 
Such unit provides a dynamic and integrated internal service relating to interest rates, liquidity, exchange rates, 
market and counterparty risks on a consolidated level, the overseeing of the correct functioning of the "internal 
liquidity market", and the monitoring and channelling of intra-group liquidity flows. 
The unit also: 
a) 
contributes, to the extent of its remit, to the defining and the updating of certain regulatory processes, 
including ICAAP, ILAAP, ECB/EBA supervisory stress test, Risk Appetite Framework (RAF) and the 
Recovery Plan; 
b) 
contributes to the definition of strategic-operational proposals for the Group's compliance of any 
risk/return objectives and, on an individual level, for the Issuer and for the companies of the Group's direct 
perimeter; 
c) 
supports the Head of the Group Finance Organisational Unit in the governance activities and is responsible 
for those relating to first level control of operations, effectively monitoring their "management 
Profit&Loss" and carrying out other support activities (policies, budgets and projects); and 
d) 
performs tasks relating to the activities of the Group Finance Organisational Unit's budget and the 
coordination of projects. 
With reference to the "Balance Sheet Management" activities: 
a) it supports the Head of the Group Finance Organisational Unit in managing the Group's financial activities 
with a consolidated view, contributing to outlining investment strategies, liquidity and funding 
management and to controlling related risks, and providing, together with the department’s operating 
structures, for the definition of balance sheet optimisation strategies;

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
b) it oversees and channels the initiatives to be implemented as a result of the monitoring of the exposure to 
financial risks on a consolidated and individual level and monitors their implementation; 
c) together with the other operating structures, it defines collateral optimisation strategies on a consolidated 
and individual level (for the Issuer and the companies of the direct perimeter), with a view to both the short 
and medium-long terms; 
d) it ensures the preparation of the Group Funding Plan (together with the Planning Department, the Finance 
operating structures and the other competent structures of the Issuer) to be submitted to the Finance 
Committee, and monitors implementation; 
e) it coordinates the definition, structuring and implementation of the Group’s Liquidity Transfer Pricing 
framework; and 
f) it is responsible for defining and updating the "management policies" in line with internal and external legal 
requirements, ensuring that other Group Finance (Finanza di Gruppo) departments are involved. 
With reference to the "Middle Office" activities: 
a) it ensures first-level second-instance controls of the operations carried out by the business units and verifies 
that they comply with the operating limits they have been assigned; 
b) it manages the pre-settlement validation processes (deal processing, interface with back-office and 
accounting, contacts with market counterparties, etc.); 
c) it ensures maintenance of the Group position keeping; 
d) it prepares the "Daily P&L". 
With reference to the "Internal liquidity market": 
a) it defines, and ensures the monitoring of, strategies for optimising the intra-group liquidity position, both 
from a current and a prospective point of view together with the Treasury; 
b) it works with the competent departments in defining the intra-group financial exposure limits.

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
 
Overview of the CFO Area and Group Finance 
 
Area Chief 
Financial Officer  
Direttore 
Generale 
Finanza di 
Gruppo 
Coordinamento 
Progetti Finanza
Liquidity & 
Collateral 
Management 
Money 
Market 
Tesoreria 
M/L termine 
Legal Finance
Finanza 
Strutturata 
Modelli e 
Analisi 
Quantitativa
Segreteria 
Tecnica 
Finanza 
Strutturazione
Servicing
Derivati
Forex
Mercato 
Primario 
Mercato 
Secondario
Sales
Gestioni Banche 
Affiliate 
Investimenti
Trading
Market Making
Middle Office
Legal Finance 
& Advisory 
Tesoreria
Mercati
Investment 
Management
Analisi e 
Soluzioni 
Finanziarie 
AMF
Capital 
Markets 
Financial 
Governance 
Balance Sheet 
Management
Intra-Group 
Liquidity 
Gestione e 
Monitoraggio
Controlli 
Banche 
Relazioni 
Autorità di 
Vigilanza 
Amministrazione e 
Bilancio 
Coordinamento 
Progetti Amm.ne
e Bilancio 
Analytics, 
Monitoring & 
Reporting 
Politiche, 
Normativa e 
Principi 
Contabili 
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Individuali SPD
Contabilità 
Finanza, Estero
e Crediti 
Institutional 
Contabilità 
Analitica SPD 
(ad esclusione 
di IBI) 
Contabilità 
Analitica 
Accertamenti 
Bancari 
Contabilità 
settoriali 
Bilancio
Contabilità 
Generale 
Segnalazioni 
Individuali 
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Capogruppo 
Contabilità e 
Bilancio 
Bilancio 
Consolidato 
Segnalazioni 
Consolidate 
Armonizzate
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Consolidati 
Contabilità 
Crediti 
Corporate 
Assistenza 
Fiscale BCC 
Fiscalità  
d’Impresa 
Consulenza e 
Contenzioso 
Fiscale 
Tributario
Gruppo IVA
Compliance
 Fiscale 
Governo BCC
Gestione 
Tecnica  BCC
Istruttorie e 
gestione 
interventi 
Gestione 
Operazioni 
Straordin. e  
SdG 
GTGOV
Investor 
Relations 
Pianificazione
e CdG 
Pianificazione 
e CDG 
Consolidati 
Pianif. 
Individuale e 
Monitoraggio-
Business 
Pianif. Individuale 
e Monitoraggio-
Finanza, Credito e 
Funz. Azienda 
Pianificazione e 
CDG altre SPD 
Resolution 
Planning 
Pianificazione e 
CDG BCC SI, BCC 
SLT, Sinergia, 
MCFVG 
Pianificazione e 
CDG BCC CreCo, 
BCC R&P, Banca 
Sviluppo, BCC SA, 
BCC PAY 
Dati, Sistemi e 
Reporting P&C

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
 
2. 
Chief Lending Officer Area (the "CLO Area")  
The CLO Area, which is part of the Credit and Subsidiaries Area, is responsible for monitoring all aspects of 
loans on behalf of the Issuer and the Group, from the granting stage to the management of non-performing 
loans (with exception of resolved non-performing loans pertaining to Credit Asset Management Unit). It also: 
a) 
carries out the direction and coordinating activities with the BCCs; 
b) 
monitors credit quality, defines the loan policies and ensures their correct implementation; 
c) 
issues guidelines on the taking on and management of credit risks in line with the strategies and objectives 
defined (it also monitors the completion of credit and administrative formalities on non-performing 
portfolios); 
d) 
as a member of the Issuer's credit committee, provides assistance in drawing up credit opinions for the 
other members of the Group for transactions subject to high levels of risk; 
e) 
(acting through its organisational structures) validates the proposals for the conferral of and changes to the 
delegations of powers on loan-related matters in respect of the Issuer and the Group; 
f) 
(acting in cooperation with Human Resources in relation to the overall coordination and running of the 
Group training system) plans and carries out the training operations for its own area of specialisation and 
responsibility. 
It is also responsible for the coordination of IBI's Leasing Loans Unit (Crediti Leasing IBI) and, in this context: 
a) 
supervises and coordinates all stages in the loan process on behalf of the Group (granting, management, 
guarantee control, monitoring, classification, valuation and debt collection); 
b) 
ensures that the guidelines and instructions on loan-related matters are kept updated at all times, on behalf 
of the members of the Group; 
c) 
monitors and guides the planning processes for innovations or upgrades to the existing loan granting 
procedures; 
d) 
coordinates the corrective actions required by the supervisory authorities, senior management bodies and 
company control functions on loan-related matters; 
e) 
provides support for the relevant CBO Area structures in the definition and development of loan products; 
f) 
contributes to the definition of the strategic plans on loan-related matters under the responsibility of the 
Planning and Management Control Unit, including NPEs; 
g) 
ensures the definition of the NPE Operational Plan, in line with the Group's strategic guidelines on the 
subject, with the support of the competent Parent Company functions for this activity, ensuring support to 
the Companies of the Direct Perimeter and Affiliated Banks (where necessary) in the operational 
implementation at individual level; 
h) 
draws up and submits credit opinions on loan transactions in respect of the performing and non-
performing portfolios on behalf of the members of the Group, or presents these to the Issuer's credit 
committee in accordance with the provisions and limits laid down in the relevant credit policies; 
i) 
resolves on performing loan transactions in line with the powers delegated to and conferred upon it; and 
j) 
ensures, in agreement with the head of the Unit the: 
 
sharing of the periodic planning of preliminary activities;

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
 
periodic interaction on activities relating to the assessment of creditworthiness carried out by the 
instructors; 
 
definition of the objectives and performance of the instructors (in the context of human resource 
management policies); 
 
identification and selection, qualification and training/updating of instructors according to 
technical/professional profiles.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
 
Overview of the Chief Lending Officer Area 
 
 
Direttore 
Generale 
Area Attività 
Creditizie e 
Partecipate 
Area Chief 
Lending 
Officer  
Credito 
Risolto 
BCC Ge.Cre.
Partecipate, 
M&A e 
Progetti 
Speciali 
Gestione 
Assicurazioni 
Istituzionali
Affari 
Societari 
Segreteria 
degli Organi 
e di 
Direzione 
Legale 
Consulenza 
Legale, 
Contenzioso 
e Reclami 
Contrattualistica
General 
Counsel 
Adempimenti 
Societari e 
Corp. 
Governance 
Group 
Sustainability & 
ESG Strategy 
IBI, Banca Sviluppo, 
MCFVG, BCC 
Cre.Co.,  BCC 
Factoring, BCC 
Lease 
Strategie e 
Politiche 
Creditizie 
Politiche del 
Credito 
Strategie 
Creditizie 
Credit 
Collateral 
Management
Valutazione 
Beni IBI 
Crediti 
Leasing IBI 
Credito 
Deteriorato
Credito 
Deteriorato 
IBI, Banca 
Sviluppo, 
Banca 
MCFVG 
Credit 
Opinion e 
Valutazione 
NPE Banche 
Affiliate 
Supervisione
, Recupero e 
BO 
Gestori non 
Performing 
Precontenzioso
Monitoraggio, 
Classificazione 
e Valutazione
Classificazione 
Valutazione
Monitoraggio, 
Class. e 
Valutazione 
Banca MCFVG 
e Banca 
Sviluppo  
Monitoraggio 
Crediti e 
Reporting di 
Gruppo 
Credit Asset 
Management
Operazioni 
straordinarie 
crediti non 
performing
NPL Data 
Analytics e 
Governo 
Outsourcer
Perfezionament
o Crediti 
Strutturati e 
Ristrutturazioni
Segreteria Fidi e 
Perfezionamento
Segreteria Fidi
Perfezionamento 
Crediti Ordinari 
e Speciali 
Istruttoria 
Crediti 
Perimetro 
Diretto 
Istruttoria 
Crediti Banche 
Affialiate, 
Credit Opinion e 
Crediti 
Institutional 
Istruttoria 
Crediti 
Institutional
Istruttori 
Area CBO, UO 
Istuttoria 
Leasing e UO 
Istruttoria 
Small Leasing 
IBI 
Crediti 
Performing e 
perfezionamento 
contratti 
Sustainability
Reporting 
ESG 
Supporto 
attività 
trasversali ESG

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
 
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area ("COO Area") 
The COO Area comprises the Back Office, within which the Collection and Payments Organisational Unit and 
the Institutional Services Organisational Unit operate. These units are responsible for defining the strategies 
and the overall operating model of the Group’s operations, ensuring that they are managed efficiently by the 
other companies in the management and coordination perimeter. 
The Back Office Organisational Unit is responsible for ensuring the centralised governance of the Group back 
office activities, relating to collections and payments, post-trading of securities, the tax obligations related to 
the management of financial instruments and personnel administrative services and supervising the activities 
carried out by the subordinate Organisational Units. The Back Office Organisational Unit ensures the 
management of the investigations and information requirements requested by the Competent Authorities to 
carry out financial investigations. 
It also guarantees the definition of operating models to ensure efficiency and cost containment, and the 
management of back office development projects. 
The unit comprises: 
a) 
the Collection and Payments Organisational Unit; and 
b) 
the Institutional Services Organisational Unit. 
Collection and Payments Organisational Unit 
This unit is responsible for coordinating the supply of collection and payment services on the domestic and 
international circuits (including the clearing of cheques and drafts, electronic collection, SEPA credit transfers, 
and SEPA direct debits), it collaborates with structures in charge for the provision of additional services (eg. 
instant payment services) on behalf of intermediate banks and branches, and for guaranteeing the correct 
completion of the formalities on regulatory custody and electronic billing, cash custody and management, cash 
and securities held directly or in administration, and bankers' drafts (reimbursement, issue, liquidation and 
related administrative formalities). 
It coordinates the analysis, evolution and planning of collection and payment services in accordance with the 
applicable regulation and in line with developments in European and international payment systems. For that 
purpose, it handles relations with ABI, the Bank of Italy, CBI, AgID, the European Payments Council, INPS 
and all the other interbank assemblies in which it is obliged to take part from time to time and manages 
payment system governance processes. 
In that context, it acts as an intermediary between the system adopted by the banks on whose behalf it acts and 
the bodies listed above, with a view to orienting the decisions taken on positions relating to company and group 
interests, and presents its positions during public consultation initiatives on the part of the Italian authorities 
and Club EUROPA (the European Banking Authority, European Commission, ECB, BIS, etc). 
It contributes to the analysis and drafting of reports on cost and revenue aggregates (drafting of budgets and 
final statements and segment trend studies), control operations (accounting checks on fees linked to the 
intermediary service, procedural testing), and support for cooperative banks, customers and other organisational 
units (including opinions, drafting of circulars and news releases, relations with other group structures on 
commercial, applications and contractual aspects, taking part in training events on matters of interest to the 
cooperative banks). 
Acting in agreement with the relevant organisational units of the Issuer, it supervises the subordinate units, with 
particular reference to:

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
 
the management of outsourcing agreements on the services for which it is responsible; 
 
the company regulations on money laundering and the financing of terrorism; and 
 
the coordination of the regulatory custody service, electronic billing and the administrative management of 
remote signatures. 
It carries out the payment management activities for the defined and approved projects falling within its area of 
responsibility, with a view to ensuring the successful outcome of the initiatives relating to its own business. For 
that purpose, it confers mandates upon its own personnel and those of the subordinate units to enable them to 
carry out the necessary formalities as laid down in the specific regulations. 
Institutional Services Organisational Unit 
The Institutional Services Organisational Unit manages the introduction of innovative techniques within group 
operations and is responsible for the coordination and development of the post-trading activities linked to the 
Finance Area, with particular reference to internal portfolio management, investment services and related 
activities supplied to customers under the terms of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the 
"TUF"). 
It is responsible for the tax formalities linked to the management of financial instruments, including those 
falling within the area of responsibility of the Qualified Intermediary Responsible Officer (“QI Responsible 
Officer”), in relation to which it performs certain functions including the following:  
a) 
coordination of the activities linked to the ancillary custody and administration of financial instruments' 
service under the terms of the TUF, as well as additional offsetting and settlement activities both 
internally and for the customers of the Bank (settlement agent services); 
b) 
internal and outside customer service activities, mainly relating to regulatory analyses and reporting on 
transactions in financial instruments and payment agent activities; 
c) 
coordination of the Finance Area ID records management (securities, issues, counterparties, customers, 
etc); and 
d) 
handling of the reference information and documentation on the former custodian bank activities, 
including the filing of such materials and storage for purposes of consultation and checking at the 
request of outside parties. 
Institutional Services consists of the functions described below.  
Clearing and Settlement Services 
Clearing and Settlement Services is responsible for the post-trading activities on securities, derivatives and 
treasury linked to the front office operations of the Finance Area (in respect of proprietary requirements and 
investment services or activities offered to customers). It carries out activities related to the financial instrument 
custody service and additional back office activities on behalf of bank customers for transactions carried out 
with outside counterparties (such as settlement agent activities). 
It is also responsible for setting up and/or reviewing guarantees with the Bank of Italy or the clearing systems 
with which the Issuer operates, in relation to the activities falling within its area of responsibility and in 
agreement with the relevant structures of the Issuer, maintaining administrative relations with the outside 
companies supplying clearing, custody and settlement services for financial instruments, and taking part in the 
Group’s working groups and in those of trade associations for its areas of expertise. 
Asset Services, Finance Records and Regulatory Reporting 
The Asset Services, Finance Registry and Regulatory Reporting Unit is responsible for, inter alia:

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
a) 
the management and administration of financial instruments on behalf of the Group and its customers, 
the management of any Italian and foreign tax aspects and any related support activities under the 
responsibility of the QI Responsible Officer; and 
b) 
the performance of analysis and reporting on transactions concluded on financial instruments and any 
administrative requirements in connection with the listing of the bonds on HiMTF; and 
c) 
the management and maintenance of data distribution services (eg. personal data, prices, ratings) for 
both internal and external customers. 
This unit also acts, inter alia, as an intermediary for fund orders and the related accounting entries (so-called 
Agent Bank service) and takes part in the Group’s working groups and in those of the trade associations for its 
areas 
of 
expertise.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
 
Overview of the Institutional Services Organisational Unit 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Direttore 
Generale 
Area Chief 
Operating Officer 
Operations 
Strategy 
Continuità 
operativa 
Sicurezza 
delle 
Informazioni 
Sicurezza
 integrata 
UO ICT 
Security 
BCC SI 
Real Estate
Transformation 
& Data 
Management 
Coordinamento 
Esternalizzazioni
Processi di 
Gruppo e 
Modelli BCC
UO 
Automazion
e Processi 
BCC SI 
Portafoglio 
Progetti e 
Demand 
Management
Miglioramento 
Continuo e 
Innovazione 
Data 
Governance 
Office 
BCC Sinergia, BCC 
Beni Immobili 
Back Office
Coordinamento 
Progetti 
Operations & 
BackOffice 
UO 
Operations 
Leasing IBI
Pagamenti
Portafoglio
Sportello e 
Cassa 
Analisi e 
Progett. 
Incassi e 
Pagamenti 
RC
Incassi e 
Pagamenti 
STCPIS
Institutional 
Services 
Regolamento 
Titoli 
Regolamento
Tesoreria e 
Derivati 
Trasferimenti e 
Depositari 
Reporting 
Regolamentari
Custodial 
Services 
Adempimenti 
Fiscali 
Strumenti 
Finanziari 
Banca 
Corrispondente
Asset 
Services, 
Anagrafe 
Finanza e 
Reporting 
Reg 
Clearing e 
Settlement 
Services  
Stipendi e 
Contributi 
Amministrazione 
del Personale 
Normativa 
del Lavoro 
Relazioni 
Sindacali 
HR 
Operations 
Sistemi e Politiche 
di Remunerazione e 
Incentivazione 
HR 
Operations e 
Compensatio
n 
Relazioni 
Industriali di 
Gruppo e 
Normativa 
del Lavoro 
Gestione 
Executive, 
Welfare e HR 
Innovation 
Relazioni 
Industriali, 
Compensation, 
Pianificazione 
Organico 
Gestione 
Adempimenti 
Risorse Umane
Organizzazione
Comunicazion
e Interna 
Mobility 
Center 
Formazione
HRBP
ZBR Office
Gestione e 
Sviluppo 
Risorse 
Umane 
Sviluppo 
Servizi HR 
Gestione, 
Sviluppo RR.UU. 
e Change 
Management e 
Organizzazione
RSGSL
Amministrazione 
HR

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area")  
The Chief Business Officer (CBO) Area is responsible for defining and implementing the Group's business 
strategy with the goal of supporting profitability, ensuring the ongoing development of the approach to the 
market, developing market positioning, and ensuring the strategic and operational support of the mutual banks.  
The area oversees the various business divisions (i.e. Retail, Corporate, Private Banking & Wealth 
Management) that are responsible for defining and implementing the Group's commercial policies, as well as 
the regional market areas that are responsible for supporting local operations of the business divisions in line 
with the general strategies of the area and of the Group.  
Moreover, the area manages the Group's press and institutional communications, and is responsible for 
coordinating the activities of BCC Risparmio & Previdenza SGR, BCC Pay S.p.A. and BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi S.r.l..

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
 
Overview of the Chief Business Officer Area 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Digital Service 
Design 
Digital 
Platform e 
open banking
Divisione
Digital Innovation 
& Multichannel 
Contact Center 
e Banca 
Telefonica 
Direttore
Generale 
Area Chief 
Business Officer 
Coord.to 
monetica ed e-
commerce 
BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi, BCC 
R&P, BCC POS,  
BCC Pay 
Divisione
Privati e POE 
Divisione 
Impresa 
Finanziamenti 
Strutturati e 
Consulenza 
d’impresa 
Project 
Finance 
Acquisition 
Finance 
Public Finance
Corporate 
Finance 
Advisory & 
Capital Market
Gestore
Gestore
Gestore
Gestore 
Industry 
Crediti Agrari
Specialista 
Agrario 
Estero e 
Internazionaliz.n
e 
International 
Network e 
Monitorag. 
Estero 
Commercio 
Internazionale 
Crediti doc.ri e 
garanzie 
internazionali 
Agevolazioni
Service
Agevolazioni
Operativo 
Agevolazioni
Incentivi 
Statali e 
Comunitari 
Turismo
Correspondent 
Banking 
Referenti 
Transaction 
Banking 
Estero e 
Transaction 
Banking 
Presidio Retail
Area Territoriale 
Mercato 
Gestore 
BCC 
Istruttore
Specialista 
Estero 
UO Istruttoria 
Crediti P.D.  
Area CLO 
Centro Impresa
Presidio 
Consumer 
Finance 
Marketing 
Imprese 
Business 
Intelligence 
Marketing, Business 
Intelligence e 
Coord.to Progetti 
Coordinamento 
Progetti Area CBO
Marketing
Customer Exp., 
Brand Identity e 
Eventi 
Digital 
Marketing 
Marketing 
Institutional 
Marketing 
operativo 
Planning, 
Pricing  & 
Control 
Pricing
Pian. Comm.le 
e Svil. 
Territoriale 
Modelli di 
Servizio BCC 
Marketing 
Privati 
Wealth 
Management 
WM - Prodotti
WM – Servizi 
Consulenza e 
MIFID 
Gestione Rete 
Private 
Bankers 
Supporto 
Commerciale 
Supporto 
Commerciale e 
Marketing 
Affari 
Istituzionali 
Gestione 
Fondi di Terzi
Specialista Turismo
Transaction 
Banking 
Advisory e 
Finanziamenti 
Estero 
Resp. UdR
Trasperenza e 
Usura

--- Page 176 ---
176 
 
 
Financial Information 
Deposits 
The Issuer's deposits primarily consist of interbank deposits. As at 31 December 2022, interbank deposits 
amounted to Euro 41,593 million with an increase of 23 per cent. as at 30 June 2022 (an increase of Euro 7,745 
million); within the inter-bank deposits of this aggregate, cooperative banks and rural banks deposits decreased 
by 9 per cent. (from Euro 14,307 million as at 30 June 2022 to Euro 13,129 million as at 31 December 2022) 
while other banks increased by 46 per cent. (from Euro 19,541 million as at 30 June 2022 to Euro 28,464  
million as at 31 December 2022).  
As at 31 December 2022, funding from ordinary customers increased of 19% (Euro 8,663 million compared to 
Euro 7,265 million as at 30 June 2022). 
The following tables show the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due to banks as at 31 December 2022 and 
30 June 2022: 
DUE TO BANKS 
As at 
31 December 
2022 
As at 
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change 
 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Cooperative banks and rural banks 
13,129,059 
14,307,230
1,178,171
9%
Other Credit institution 
28,464,449 
19,541,069
8,923,380
46%
TOTAL 
41,593,508 
33,848,298
7,745,210
23%
 
BREAKDOWN OF AMOUNTS  
DUE TO BANKS 
As at  
31 December 2022 
As at  
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Due to central banks 
26,290,563 
17,750,470 
8,540,093 
48% 
Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
5,472,242 
4,440,931 
1,031,311 
23% 
Fixed-term deposits 
9,365,243 
11,252,307 
(1,887,064) 17% 
Loans 
191,118 
213,367 
(22,249) 
(10)% 
Other payables 
274,342 
191,224  
83,118 
43% 
Total amounts due to banks 
41,593,508 
33,848,298 
7,745,210 
23%

--- Page 177 ---
177 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due to customers as at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 
2022: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS  
DUE TO CUSTOMERS 
As at 
31 December 2022 
As at 
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current Accounts and demand 
deposits 
1,258,602 
1,069,046 
189.556 
18% 
Fixed-term deposits 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
6,975,584 
5,670,411 
1.305.173 
23% 
Leasing liabilities 
2,335 
3,322 
(987) 
(30)% 
Other payables 
427,444 
522,551 
(95,107)  
(18)% 
Total 
amounts 
due 
to 
customers 
8,663,966 
7,265,330 
1,398,636 
19% 
 
Lending activities 
The Issuer's lending activity is primarily with banks (demonstrated by the fact that as at 31 December 2022, the 
aggregate of loans to banks was Euro 35,653 million, whereas, as at such date, the aggregate of loans to 
customers was Euro 15,419 million). Within the aggregate of amounts due from banks (Euro 26,103 million as 
at 30 June 2022), those due from cooperative banks and rural banks increased by 54 per cent. (from Euro 
19,634 million as at 30 June 2022 to Euro 30,305 million as at 31 December 2022) while the receivables from 
other credit institutions decreased by 17 per cent. (from Euro 6,469 million as at 30 June 2022 to Euro 5,348 
million as at 31 December 2022). 
The following table shows the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 December 2022 
and 30 June 2022: 
DUE FROM BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2022 
As at 
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
BCCs 
30,305,595 
19,634,267 
10,671,328 
54% 
Other credit institutions 
5,348,093 
6,469,375 
(1,121,282) 
(17)% 
Total 
35,653,688 
26,103,642 
9,550,046 
37% 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 
2022: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS 
DUE FROM BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2022 
As at 
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
%

--- Page 178 ---
178 
 
Due 
from 
Central 
Banks:  
- Obligatory Reserve 
589,459 
1,563,773 
(974,314) 
(62)% 
Due from Banks 
35,064,229 
24,539,869 
10,524,360 
43% 
- Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Time deposits 
85,919 
57,049 
28,870 
51% 
- Other 
33,367,843 
23,262,501 
10,105,342 
43% 
- Debt securities 
1,610,467 
1,220,319 
390,148 
32% 
Total Due from Banks 35,653,688  
26,103,642 
9,550,046 
37% 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of loans to customers as at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
LOANS  
TO CUSTOMERS 
As at 
31 December 2022 
As at 
30 June 2022 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current accounts 
191,375 
239,663 
(48,288) 
(20)% 
Medium/long-term 
loans 
2,729,605 
2,568,293 
(161,312) 
(6)% 
Repurchase agreements 728,304 
218,892 
(509,412) 
(233)% 
Other transactions 
3,392,525 
3,390,888 
(1,637) 
(0)% 
Debt securities 
8,340,551 
9,913,858 
(1,573,307) 
(16)% 
Impaired assets 
37,457 
50,992 
(8,097) 
(16)% 
Total 
loans 
to 
customers 
15,419,817 
16,382,586 
(957,331) 
(6)% 
 
Risks and related hedging policies 
The Issuer places particular emphasis on its risk protection and control systems. It aims to meet the highest 
standard of governance in performing its risk and control management functions and to apply well-established 
risk management practices. Risk management means striving to ensure that the Issuer uses its risk capacity in 
the most efficient way in relation to the achievement of a stable and sustainable generation of value, protecting 
financial solidity and allowing for adequate management of portfolios of assets and liabilities. 
In accordance with its role of group head company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group and 
focusing on its lending activity, the Issuer is specialised in: 
a) supporting the BCCs in the agricultural sector; 
b) developing relations with companies, within the BCCs areas, which have a strong international approach; 
c) being the main key centre for subsidised loans for the BCCs;

--- Page 179 ---
179 
 
d) funding the needs of the BCCs by, for example, granting overdrafts, ceilings and maximum operational 
limits; 
e) developing, with the cooperative community, loans pooled with the BCCs to the members of the 
Confcooperative organisation (the Confederation of Italian Cooperatives); and 
f) the expansion of business activity with large corporate entities, consistent with the development of relations 
between these companies, the BCCs and the payment and electronic money services offered by the Issuer. 
Credit Risk Management 
Monitoring 
In order to maintain the quality of its loan portfolio, the Issuer has a policy of careful evaluation of 
creditworthiness and the constant monitoring of its loan positions. 
Lending risk 
A centralised department establishes the procedures for evaluating the types of risks arising from each loan 
granted by the Issuer. The department also monitors the overall risk, verifies capital adequacy and evaluates the 
performance of lending activities in terms of risk/return. In addition, the process of debt recovery is supervised 
centrally and the debt recovery activities of the Issuer are coordinated. 
Bad Debts 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy's system of classification, the Issuer divides its loans into separate 
categories including, amongst others, (i) "substandard loans" for borrowers which are experiencing financial or 
economic difficulties that are likely to be temporary ("inadempienze probabili") and (ii) "bad loans" for 
borrowers against whom insolvency or similar proceedings have been instituted ("sofferenze"). 
The Issuer's loan portfolio is monitored on regular basis to review the prospects of recovery and estimated 
losses and the Issuer makes specific provisions tied to the expected loss on each non-performing loan, problem 
loan or, if deemed necessary, on certain performing loans. 
As at 31 December 2022, the amount of net bad loans was Euro 7,063 thousands decreasing from Euro 12,795 
thousands as at 30 June 2022. 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's bad loans (sofferenze) as at 31 December 2022 and 
30 June 2022: 
BAD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Gross bad loans 
43,988 
70,246 
Adjustments 
36,926 
57,451 
Net bad loans 
7,063 
12,795 
 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's substandard loans (deteriorate diverse da sofferenze) 
as at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022: 
SUBSTANDARD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
Thousands of Euro

--- Page 180 ---
180 
 
Gross substandard loans 
133,465 
145,681 
Adjustments 
97,633 
107,484 
Net substandard loans 
35,832 
38,197 
 
As at 31 December 2022, net substandard loans amounted to Euro 35,832 thousands and the sum of net bad 
loans plus net substandard loans amounted to Euro 42,895 thousands. 
Funding 
The total amount of funds borrowed by the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 was Euro 3,425,452 thousands 
which represented an increase of Euro 169,288 thousands compared to Euro 3,595,740 thousands as at 30 June 
2022. 
Capital Ratios 
The Issuer (as head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group) was required to meet, for 2020, 
the following capital ratios at consolidated level: (i) Total SREP Capital Requirement of 10.5% (including a 
minimum total capital requirement maintained on an ongoing basis, of 8%); (ii) an additional Pillar 2 own-
funds requirement (to be held in the form of CET 1 capital on an ongoing basis) of 2.5%; (iii) a total capital 
requirement (including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%) of 13%, while no specific requirements are 
imposed on the individual level. 
The Issuer's capital ratios as at 31 December 2022 and 30 June 2022, which are set out in the table below, 
exceeded the minimum levels prescribed by the European Central Bank. 
CAPITAL RATIOS 
As at 31 December 2022 
As at 30 June 2022 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Tier I Capital 
1,871,057
1,674,838
Tier II Capital 
689,322
689,506
Elements to be deducted 
(230,403)
17,906
Total Capital 
2,560,378
2,364,345
Credit Risk 
553,473
461,128
Total risk exposure amount for credit 
valuation adjustment 
10,116
12,073
Market Risk 
38,697
39,233
Operation Risk 
70,979
65,564
Total requirements 
682,703
587,053
Risk weighted assets 
7,036,386
5,877,286
Tier I Ratio 
21.93%
22.82%
Total Capital Ratio 
30%
32.22%

--- Page 181 ---
181 
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet and Income Statement  
The following tables contain respectively: 
a) 
Audited consolidated financial information as at 31 December 2022 related to the Iccrea Cooperative 
Banking Group; 
b) 
Consolidated financial information as at 30 June 2022 related to the Iccrea Cooperative Banking 
Group; 
c) 
Audited consolidated financial information as at 31 December 2021 related to the Iccrea Cooperative 
Banking Group. 
Balance Sheet 
ASSETS 
TOTAL 
as 
at 
31 
December 2022 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 June 
2022 for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL 
as 
at 
31 
December 2021 for 
the Group (EURO) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
1,189,908
1,522,274
1,674,568
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss  
1,675,821
1,666,290
1,728,764
a)   financial assets held for 
trading  
254,493
186,035
168,649
b)   financial assets measured at 
fair value 
251,392
264,253
275,467
c) 
other 
financial 
assets 
mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
1,169,936
1,216,002
1,284,648
Financial assets measured at fair 
value 
through 
other 
comprehensive income  
8,308,596
1,216,002
7,850,471
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
150,454,937
153,720,496
159,230,200
a) Due from banks  
2,691,287
3,406,178
10,185,851
b) Due from customers  
147,763,650
150,314,318
149,044,349
Hedging derivatives  
1,891,822
1,491,834
42,960
Value adjustment of financial 
assets hedged generically (+/-)  
(875,227)
(635,883)
63,660
Equity Investments 
220,460
74,062
128,524
Property, plant and equipment  
2,556,424
2,605,975
2,646,457
Intangible assets  
167,559
162,705
174,127
- goodwill 
19,689
21,212
21,212
Tax assets  
1,748,374
1,873,987
1,901,863

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
a)   current 
381,210
399,733
468,304
b)   deferred 
1,367,164
1,474,254
1,433,559
Non-current assets and disposal 
groups held for sale  
159,293
336,538
219,563
Other assets  
6,044,491
4,829,541
3,324,225
TOTAL ASSETS  
173,542,458
176,343,084
178,985,382
 
LIABILITIES 
TOTAL 
as 
at 
31 
December 2022 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 June 
2022 for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2021 for 
the Group (EURO) 
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost  
156,829,575
157,543,207
163,327,889
a) Due to banks  
28,518,246
30,701,488
34,585,361
b) Due to customers  
119,115,747
116,892,093
117,436,048
Securities issued 
9,195,582
9,949,626
11,306,480
Financial liabilities held for 
trading  
236,482 
150,823
129,475
Financial liabilities measured at 
fair value  
-
-
256
Hedging derivatives  
350,237
316,421
495,268
Value adjustment of financial 
liabilities hedged generically 
(+/-) 
(821)
(457)
(187) 
Tax liabilities 
75,317
56,698
44,173
a)   current 
52,120
31,187
8,124
b)   deferred 
23,197
25,511
36,049
Liabilities 
associated 
with 
assets held for sale 
247,896
297,706
182,098
Other liabilities  
3,165,472
6,222,509
3,315,338
Employee termination benefits 
225,719
236,404
277,528
Provisions for risks and charges 
542,064
542,429
518,641
a) 
 
 
commitments 
and 
guarantees issued  
298,309
302,161
293,183
c)   other provisions for risk and 
charges 
243,755
240,268
225,458
Valuation reserves  
(205,161)
(58,470)
218,665

--- Page 183 ---
183 
 
Equity instruments  
30,139
30,139
30,139
Reserves  
9,164,416
9,145,513
8,735,189
Share premiums reserves 
150,834
149,344
148,345
Share capital  
2,291,261
2,295,243
2,302,817
Treasury shares (-)  
(1,380,525)
(1,333,096)
(1,263,218) 
Non-controlling interests (+/-) 
32,501
72,610
66,201
Net profit (loss) for the period 
(+/-) 
1,787,052
676,061
456,765
TOTAL LIABILITIES  
173,542,458
176,343,084
178,985,382
 
Income Statement 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2022 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 
2021 
for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
Interest and similar income  
4,112,336
1,858,856
3,164,153
Interest and similar expenses  
(418,650)
 
 (189,073)
(403,422)
Net interest income  
3,693,686
1,669,783 
2,760,731
Fee and commission income 
1,554,884
755,552 
1,462,949
Fee and commission expense 
(216,535)
(96,620) 
(176,809)
Net fee and commission income (expense) 
1,338,349
658,932 
1,286,140
Dividends and similar income  
24,352
20,179
14,210 
Net gain (loss) on trading activities 
65,106
20,028 
19,121
Net gain (loss) on hedging activities 
(1,216)
10,582
13,394
Net gain (loss) on the disposal or 
repurchase of: 
41,152
141,056 
429,214
a) financial assets measured at amortised 
cost  
109,409
137,795 
352,871
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
(68,731)
2,969 
80,313
c) financial liabilities 
474
292
(3,969) 
Net gain (loss) of other financial assets and 
liabilities measured at fair value through 
profit or loss 
(58,342)
(48,171)
10,670

--- Page 184 ---
184 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2022 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 
2021 
for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
a) financial assets and liabilities measured 
at fair value 
(15,488)
(10,082)
(5,182)
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
(42,854)
(38,089)
15,852 
Gross income 
5,103,087
2,472,389
 4,533,481  
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk in 
respect of: 
(476,682)
(181,610)
(1,191,719)
a) financial assets measured at amortised 
cost 
(473,822)
(180,946)
(1,186,182)
b) financial assets measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
(2,860)
(664)
(5,537)
Gains/losses 
from 
contractual 
modifications without derecognition 
(2,098)
(664)
(1,969)
Net income (loss) from financial operations 
4,624,307
2,289,920 
3,339,793
Net income (loss) from financial and 
insurance operations 
4,624,307
2,289,920 
3,339,793
Administrative expenses:  
(3,053,751)
(1,525,217)
(2,918,219)
a) personnel expenses  
(1,804,514)
(854,520)
(1,706,299)
b) other administrative expenses  
(1,249,237)
(670,697)
(1,211,920)
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(43,953)
(19,589)
(73,325)
a) commitments and guarantees issued  
(15,585)
(8,412)
(63,734)
b) other net provisions  
(28,368)
(11,177)
(9,590)
Net adjustments of property, plant and 
equipment 
(190,511)
(94,523)
(191,508)
Net adjustments of intangible assets  
(46,278)
(21,608)
(41,883)
Other operating expenses/income 
313,386
152,584
321,578
Operating costs  
(3,021,107)
(1,508,353)
(2,903,356)
Profit (loss) from equity investments 
(6,385)
(567)
19,264
Net gain (loss) from valuation at fair value 
of property, plant and equipment and 
intangible assets 
(23,835)
(6,092)
(15,836)
Goodwill impairment 
(1,522)
-
(1,810)
Profit (loss) from disposal of investments 
(2,080)
(557)
85

--- Page 185 ---
185 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2022 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 
2021 
for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
Income (loss) from continuing operations, 
before taxes  
1,569,378
774,351
438,139
Income taxes for the period relating to 
continuing operations  
(214,937)
(108,223)
(2,339) 
Profit (loss) after tax on continuing 
operations 
1,354,441
666,128
435,801
Profit (loss) after tax on discontinued 
operations 
441,668
17,175
24,770
Net profit (loss) for the period 
1,796,109
683,303
460,571
Net profit (loss) for the period – non-
controlling interests 
9,057
7,242
3,806
Net profit (loss) for the period – 
shareholders of the Issuer 
1,787,052
676,061
456,765
 
As regards consolidated own funds and capital adequacy, at 31 December 2022 the CET1 ratio came to 19.2% 
with a capital equal to Euro 12.3 billion and the TC ratio came to 20.4%, with a capital equal to Euro 13 billion.  
As at 30 June 2022, the CET1 ratio came to 17.8% with a capital equal to Euro 11.3 billion and the TC ratio 
came to 19%, with a capital equal to Euro 12.1 billion, while, as at 31 December 2021, the CET1 ratio came to 
17.7 % with a capital equal to Euro 11.3 billion and the TC ratio came to 18.9%, with a capital equal to Euro 12 
billion. 
As regards RWA values of the Group, these were equal to: Euro 63.9 billion as at 31 December 2022, Euro 
63.5 billion as at 30 June 2022. 
The Group’s business model aims for full territorial coverage with an extensive client base over the long term. 
As at 31 December 2022, the amount of gross loans to customers was Euro 95.2 billion (while the net amount 
was equal to Euro 91 billion) of which approximately 85.5% comprised loans granted to individuals (Euro 37.4  
billion) and SMEs (Euro 44 billion) which represent, respectively, 39.3% and the 46.2% of the total loans 
granted. Accordingly, such breakdown of loans by counterparty type bears out the business model of the 
affiliated BCCs. 
The Group’s financial investments amount to approximately Euro 68 billion, of which 85.3% is allocated to the 
portfolio valued at amortised cost (Hold to Collect - HTC business model) in line with the traditional business 
model that characterises the BCCs, aimed at benefiting from the coupon yield and at not exposing own funds to 
volatility risks.  
With regards to capital requirements, the Group's capital position as at 31 December 2022 was above the SREP 
requirements in force from 1 January 2022.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group successfully passed the ECB's comprehensive assessment 
In the first half of 2021, the ECB completed its comprehensive assessment of the Group. The outcome of this 
process, issued in July 2021, found the Group’s capital levels to be above the minimum thresholds with no 
capital gaps, even in the following particularly conservative scenarios: 
 
Group CET1 ratio equal to 12.3% in the "baseline" scenario above the minimum solvency threshold of 
8%; 
 
Group CET1 ratio of 5.7% in an "adverse" scenario above the minimum solvency threshold of 5.5%. 
The ECB also conducted an assessment that confirmed the Group’s capital position without pointing to any 
critical issues, acknowledging the progress made by the Group in defining its risk management processes. 
On 16 December 2021, following the completion of the above mentioned assessments, the ECB issued a letter 
authorising the Group to apply the waiver pursuant to Article 113(6) of the CRR, under which the Group’s fully 
consolidated banks, financial companies, and other special-purpose companies can assign a risk weighting of 
 
Capital buffer (phased-in)  - % 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)  
Items AT1 eligible  
Items T2 eligible  
CET1 ratio 
Total Capital ratio 
CET1 r (4,5%)
T1 r (6%)
TC r (8%)
8%
10.5% 
13.0%
18.9% 
Minimum requirement
Minimum SREP 
requirement
Capital buffer 5.9%
Capital buffer 8.4%
2020 GBCI capital position 
resulted highly above 
capital requirements, also 
in relation to SREP 
requirements in force from 
1
st January 2020  
Own Funds
minimum 
requirements 
Pillar 2
Requirements
Total SREP
Capital 
requirements
for 2020 
Capital
Conservation
Buffer 
Overall
Capital 
requirement 
2021
2.00% 
1.50% 
4.50% 
2.00%
1.50% 
7.00% 
2.00%
1.50%
9.50%
17.7%
0.05%
1.14% 
2.50%
2.50%

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
0% to intercompany exposures, other than those that involve instruments of tier-1 capital, additional tier-1 
instruments, or tier-2 instruments. These waivers will further increase the capacity for the Group to expand. 
Further details on the outcome of the ECB's comprehensive assessment may be found on the Issuer's website. 
Organisational Structure  
The members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of Auditors of the Issuer as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus are listed hereunder, together with details of their positions and any principal activities 
carried out in other companies where these may overlap with the office held in the context of the Issuer: 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is composed of fifteen members, including the Chairman appointed at the 
Shareholders' Meeting and a Vice Chairman with duties as a Substitute (Vicario) appointed by the Board of 
Directors recommended by the Chairman. 
The extraordinary meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June 2022, renewed the members of the Board of Directors 
for the 2022-2024 financial years. They will remain in place until the shareholders' meeting called to approve 
the financial statements 2024. 
The members of the Board of Directors in office at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus and the list of 
the main activities performed by them outside of the Issuer, which are significant in respect to the Issuer, are 
indicated in the following table: 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer   
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Maino Giuseppe 
Chairman 
(Presidente) 
Chairman of Banca di Milano CC;  
Vice Chairman of Federazione Lombarda BCC 
S.C.;  
Director 
of 
Federcasse-Federazione 
Italiana 
BCC/CRA, Tertio Millennio ETS, Fondazione Oltre 
Onlus; and 
Director and  Executive Commettee member ABI. 
 
Stra Pierpaolo 
Vice Chairman with vicarious 
functions 
(Vice Presidente Vicario) 
Vice Chairman and Executive Committee Chairman 
of Banca d’Alba, Langhe e Roero e del Canavese 
S.C. ; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of, 
Telenergia S.R.L., Tecnoedil S.p.A., Valenza Rete 
Gas S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Agecontrol S.p.A., Alta Langhe Servizi 
S.p.A., 
Carmagnola 
Energia 
S.r.l., 
Egea 
Commerciale S.r.l., Langhe Roero Leader Soc. 
Cons. a r.l., Mollo S.r.l., S.E.P. S.p.A, Tanaro 
Power S.r.l., Valbormida Energia S.p.A., Open dot 
com S.p.A.;

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
Auditor: Fondazione Bottari Lattes 
Fiordelisi Teresa 
Vice Chairman  
(Vice Presidente) 
Chairman of BCC Basilicata  
Director 
of 
Federcasse-Federazione 
Italiana 
BCC/CRA, Federazione BCC Puglia e Basilicata 
S.C.; and 
 Member of the Management Board and the 
Executive 
Committee: 
Fondazione 
Tertio 
Millennium ETS. 
Alfieri Lucio 
Director 
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC di Buccino e dei Comuni 
Cilentani s.c.;  
Director of Federazione BCC Campania e Calabria; 
Sole Director of A&M Immobiliare S.R.L. and 
M&A S.R.L.. 
Benabdallah Nadia  
Director 
and 
Executive 
Commettee member 
(Consigliere e Componenete 
Comitato Esecutivo)  
Carri Francesco 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Commettee Chairman 
(Consigliere 
e 
Presidente 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di 
Maremma Credito Cooperativo S.C.(Banca Tema); 
Director of Federazione Toscana BCC S.c.r.l., 
Fondazione Tertio Millennio ETS; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
AGRI S.p.A.; and 
Auditor of IBF Servizi S.p.A.. 
Leone Paola 
Independent Director  
(Consigliere Indipendente ) 
Gambi Giuseppe 
Director  
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese 
S.C.;  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Gemos S.C.,  
Auditor: Valfrutta Fresco S.p.A., Alegra Soc. coop., 
Aurel S.p.A., Conserve Italia Soc. Coop., Fondo 
Mutualistico per la promozione e lo sviluppo della 
Cooperazione; and 
Auditor of: Confcooperative - Unione territoriale 
della Romagna,  Confcooperative - Confederazione 
Cooperative Italiane and Soc. Servizi Elaborazione 
Elettronica Dati SELED Soc Coop. 
Longhi Maurizio 
Director 
and 
Executive Chairman of BCC di Roma S.C.; Banca per lo

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
Commettee Member 
(Consigliere e Componente del 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Sviluppo della Cooperazione di Credito S.p.A., 
BCC Sinergia S.p.A.; CRAMAS Società di Mutuo 
Soccorso; and 
Director of Camera di Commercio di Roma, 
Fondazione Enzo Badioli.  
Menegatti Luigi 
Indipendent Director  
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
Chairman of Itas Pay S.p.A. 
Director 
of 
Fondazione 
di 
Storia 
Onlus, 
Associazione Monte Tabor; and 
Auditor of Geo & Tex 2000 S.p.A.. 
Ottoboni Roberto 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Commettee Member 
(Consiglieree Componente del 
Comitato Esecutivo ) 
Chairman of BCC dell’Oglio e del Serio; 
Vice Chairman with vicarious functions of 
Federazione Lombarda delle BCC;  
Vice Chairman of Fondazione EMIT Feltrinelli; and 
Guarantor Of Transparency of Politecnico di 
Milano. 
Petrini Paola 
Director  
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Ostra e Morro d’Alba; 
Auditor of Federazione Marchigiana BCC, Cassa 
Mutua Nazionale BCC; and 
Director of Associazione Idee Donne del Credito 
Cooperativo.  
Piva Flavio 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Commettee Member 
(Consigliere e Componente del 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Banca di Verona e Vicenza C.C., 
Federazione Veneta delle BCC SC;  
Vice Chairman BCC Pay S.p.A.; and 
Director of BCC Solutions, Federcasse-Federazione 
Italiana CRA-BCC; Aeroporto V. Catullo di Verona 
Villafranca S.p.A., Fondazione Arena di Verona. 
Rimoldi Enrica 
Independent Director  
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
Auditor of DeA Capital S.p.A.;  
Board member and treasurer of INSEAD Alumni 
Association of Italy;  
Non-executive director / Supervisory Board and 
Audit Committee member: UniCredit Bank Czech 
Republic and Slovakia a.s. UniCredit Group; 
Non-executive director/Supervisory Board member, 
Chairwoman 
of 
the 
Audit 
Committee 
and 
Remuneration 
 
and 
Nomination 
Committees 
member of  UniCredit Banka Slovenija d.d. 
Unicredit Group; 
Member 
of 
Supervisory 
Board 
pursuant 
to 
Legislative Decree no.231/2001: Acque Minerali

--- Page 190 ---
190 
 
d’Italia S.p.A.; and 
Senior Associate: Bruno & Associati. 
Zoni Laura  
Independent Director  
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
 
All members of the Board of Directors are in possession of the requisites of professionalism, integrity and 
independence provided for by the legal and regulatory provisions and, for the purposes of their office, are 
domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is made up of the Managing Director and two Vice Chairman. The Managing Director 
was appointed on 17 June 2019 and the Vice Managing Directors were appointed by the Board of Directors of 
the Issuer on 16 January 2020. On 9 October 2020 Mr. Francesco Romito was appointed as Vice Managing 
Director with vicarious functions in substitution of Mr. Giovanni Boccuzzi. 
The following table comprises a list of the members of the Management Board and the main activities 
performed by them outside of the Issuer, which are significant in respect to the Issuer, on the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer 
Principal activity outside Iccrea Banca S.pA. 
Mauro Pastore  
Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) 
Chairman of BCC Sistemi Informatici; and 
Director of Comitato Gestione Fondo Temporaneo 
C.C., ABI. 
Francesco Romito 
Deputy General Manager 
with vicarious functions 
(Vicedirettore 
Generale 
Vicario) 
  
Pietro Galbiati  
Deputy General Manager 
(Vicedirettore Generale) 
Vice Chairman of BCC Sistemi Informatici S.p.A.;  
Vice Chairman of Sinergia S.p.A.; and 
Director of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l., BCC 
Gestione Crediti S.p.A., BCC Pay Holding S.p.A., 
Pitagora S.p.A. 
 
All members of the Management Board of the Issuer are, for the purposes of the office held, domiciled at the 
registered office of the Issuer. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer is composed of three auditors and two substitute auditors, 
appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting which, among them, appoints the Chairman. The ordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June 2022, renewed the members of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors for the years 2022-2024. Starting from 23 April 2013, the Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer

--- Page 191 ---
191 
 
has assumed the role of Supervisory Body (organismo di vigilanza) for the purposes of Legislative Decree 
231/01. 
The following table comprise a list of the members of the Issuer's Board of Statutory Auditors and the main 
activities performed by them outside the Issuer, as significant having regard to the Issuer at the date of approval 
of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Zanardi Barbara  
Chairman (Presidente) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of BCC 
Lease S.p.A., Hawort Italy Holding S.r.l., Soc. Benefit 
Gemelli Medical Center S.p.A., Cap Design S.p.A.;  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Utilitalia;  
Director of Avvenire S.p.A., Techshop SGR S.p.A.;  
Auditor of Gemelli Casa S.p.A., Federcalcio Servizi 
S.r.l., Cassina S.p.A., Poltrona Frau S.p.A., Rai Way 
S.p.A., Cooperativa San Martino Scarl;  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Fondo 
Pegaso; and 
Auditor of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore.  
Andriolo Riccardo 
 
Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
Auditor of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l.; 
Auditor of BCC Risparmio e Previdenza SGRpA, 
Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A; and 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Alpes 
S.r.l., Clessidra Private Equity SGR S.p.A., Kervis 
SGR S.p.A.. 
 Capuano Claudia 
Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Financit S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Acea S.p.A.; and  
Sole Director SIR S.r.l. (sequestred), Iniziative 
Commerciali S.r.l.. 
Rocchetti Vittorio  
Substitute auditor (Sindaco 
supplente) 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of Azimut 
Capital Management Sgr S.p.A. and BCC Pay S.p.A.; 
Auditor of Azimut Financial Insurance S.p.A., Fos 
S.p.A., Ligurcapital S.p.A.; and 
Director of Alfio Bardolla Training Group S.p.A..    
Cignolini Michela  
Substitute auditor (Sindaco 
supplente) 
Auditor of Adacta Advisory S.p.A.; 
Director of Pronet S.r.l.; and Chairman of the

--- Page 192 ---
192 
 
Supervisory Body of Blue Energy Group S.p.A., CGI 
Holding S.r.l., Gas Sales S.r.l.. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Management Board and the Board of Statutory Auditors are all 
domiciled for the purpose of their appointment at the registered office of the Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 
41/47, 00178 Rome. 
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interests or other 
duties.  
However, certain members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of Statutory Auditors of 
the Issuer hold identical offices in other companies (as described in the tables above), and this situation, 
together with other circumstances which may arise from time to time, may lead to conflicts of interest. Where 
such conflicts arise, the Issuer has in place procedures to manage the situation in accordance with applicable 
laws. More specifically, the Issuer manages conflicts of interest in accordance with article 2391 of the Italian 
Civil Code and article 136 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer prepares consolidated and separate annual financial statements and interim financial statements and, 
as the head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea), 
prepares the consolidated financial statements. 
Auditors 
The Issuer's separate annual financial statements as at 31 December 2021 and the annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 together with the Issuer’s unaudited financial statements and 
the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 
2022 and with the Issuer’s separate annual financial statements as at 31 December 2022 and the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2022 incorporated by reference herein have 
been audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally accepted standards in the Republic of 
Italy, by Mazars Italia S.p.A.   The audit reports of Mazars Italia S.p.A. are available to the public and 
incorporated by reference herein. 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. (“Mazars”) is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of the 
ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. The business 
address of “Mazars Italia S.p.A.”. is Via Ceresio, 7, 20154 Milan.  
At the Issuer’s annual general meeting held on 28 May 2021, the Issuer appointed Mazars Italia S.p.A as 
independent auditor for the years 2021-2029. 
Values and Sustainable Development Goals  
The Group aims to include several of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the United Nations in 
2015 as part of the Group's business objectives. It encourages sustainable, fair and responsible economic 
development in Italy by providing financial support to entrepreneurs and small businesses. The concept of 
sustainability is part of the DNA and a core value of the BCC; article 2 of the by-laws of the BCC and the so-
called "Charter of Values" (Carta dei Valori) of the BCC show that it is central to its principles, values and 
growth in terms of market and business for cooperative credit.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is involved in certain administrative, legal and arbitration 
proceedings relating to its ordinary business activities. 
Although the outcome of these proceedings is difficult to forecast, the Issuer does not believe that they will 
have a significant effect on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
In any case, based on an assessment of the possible risk of these litigations, the Issuer has made a provision to 
the Risks and Charges account (Item 100 c. of the balance sheet as at 31 December 2022, as can be found on 
pages 39 and 202 of the audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the year ended 31 December 2022, which are in turn incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) for the 
amount of Euro 542,064.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
 
THE GUARANTOR 
Introduction 
The Guarantor, Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l., is a limited liability company (società a responsabilità limitata) 
incorporated on 8 April 2019 under the laws of the Republic of Italy pursuant to the Law 130, fiscal code and 
enrolment with the companies register of Rome No. 15231571009, part of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo 
Iccrea. The Guarantor has no employees and no subsidiaries. 
The Guarantor has its registered office at Via Lucrezia Romana 41-47, 00178 Rome, Italy; the telephone 
number of the registered office is +39 0438 360926, the PEC address is iccrea.cb@pec.spv-services.eu.  
The Guarantor is part of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea and is subject to the direction and 
coordination activity (attività di direzione e coordinamento) by Iccrea Banca that holds 90% of the Guarantor's 
quota capital. 
The Guarantor will commence operations following its entry into the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party. 
Principal Activities 
The duration of the company is up to 31 December 2100 and may be extended. The sole purpose of the 
Guarantor under the objects clause in its by-laws is the ownership of the Cover Pool and the granting to, inter 
alios, the Covered Bondholders of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Quota Capital 
The outstanding capital of the Guarantor is Euro 10,000, fully paid-up and divided into quotas as described 
below. The quotaholders of the Guarantor are as follows: 
Quotaholder 
Quota 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A.  ................................................................. €9,000.00 (90% of the capital) 
Stichting Campari .................................................................... €1,000.00 (10% of capital) 
Iccrea Banca S.p.a., with the 90 per cent. of the quota capital controls Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l., which 
belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea. 
The Guarantor has not declared or paid any dividends or, save as otherwise described in this Base Prospectus, 
incurred any indebtedness. 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
Under the Quotaholders' Agreement, each Quotaholder has agreed and undertaken to and with each other and 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, for the period necessary in order to exercise the call option and 
the put option granted thereunder, to keep its quota free and clear of any liens, claims, burdens, encumbrances, 
security interests or any other rights of any third parties whatsoever and not to sell, charge, pledge or otherwise 
dispose in any manner whatsoever of its quota. 
The Quotaholders' Agreement contains put and call options granted pursuant to article 1331 of the Italian Civil 
Code in respect of the entire quota of Stichting Campari in the Guarantor's quota capital. In detail, Stichting 
Campari has granted Iccrea an option to purchase the whole of Stichting Campari's quota and Iccrea has 
granted Stichting Campari an option to sell such quota, in each case at a price equal to the nominal value of the 
quota. In both cases, the option is exercisable exclusively from the later of the Expiry Date and the date falling 
five years after the Issue Date of the first Tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
purchase by Iccrea may be affected either directly or through another company of the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea selected by Iccrea. 
Management 
Director 
The following table sets out certain information regarding the Sole Director of the Guarantor. 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed outside the 
Guarantor 
Andrea Torri 
Sole Director 
Member of the Board of Directors of Hi-Mtf 
Sim S.p.A. and member of the presiding 
committee of Assiom Forex  
 
The business address of the Sole Director is the Guarantor's registered office at Via Lucrezia Romana 41-47, 
00178 Rome, Italy. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
No Board of Statutory Auditors has currently been appointed. 
Conflict of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interests or other 
duties. 
Financial Statements 
The financial year of the Guarantor ends on 31 December of each calendar year.  
The financial information of the Guarantor derives from the statutory financial statements of the Guarantor as at 
and for the years ended on 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021. Such financial statements, together with 
their respective auditors’ reports and the relevant accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference into this 
Base Prospectus (see "Information Incorporated by Reference" above). The Guarantor has not, from the date of 
its incorporation, carried out any business activities nor has incurred in any financial indebtedness.

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
 
THE SELLERS 
Below is a list and description of the Sellers belonging to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea: 
 
Banca Centro - Credito Cooperativo Toscana - Umbria - Società Cooperativa; 
 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano - Società Cooperativa; 
 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo Venezia Giulia – Società Cooperativa (formerly, Banca di Credito 
Cooperativo di Staranzano e Villesse - Società Cooperativa); 
 
Banca Patavina Credito Cooperativo di Sant’ Elena e Piove Di Sacco - Società Cooperativa; 
 
Centromarca Banca - Credito Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia, Società Cooperativa per Azioni; 
 
Credito Cooperativo Friuli (Abbreviato Credifriuli) - Società Cooperativa; 
 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese - Società Cooperativa; 
 
Emil Banca - Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa, 
(the “Initial Sellers”) 
Banca Centro Credito Cooperativo Toscana-Umbria - Società Cooperativa  
Banca Centro Credito Cooperativo Toscana-Umbria Società Cooperativa (“Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria”) 
is a bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Siena with fiscal code 
03518350545, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. 
no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under no. 8057 (ABI code 7075); the company 
belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria was founded on 1 July 2016. On 10 January 2020, BCC Umbria Credito 
Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa incorporated, effective as of 1 January 2020, Banca CRAS - Credito 
Cooperativo Toscano – Siena, changing its denomination in Banca Centro Credito Cooperativo Toscana - 
Umbria - Società Cooperativa. On 12 December 2022, Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria incorporated a company 
branch created by the non-proportional demerger of Vival Banca - Banca di Credito Cooperativo di 
Montecatini Terme, Bientina e S. Pietro in Vincio S. C.. 
The bank has its registered office in Via del Crocino, 2 - 53018 Sovicille (SI), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its 
by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as in some innovative 
banking areas. The bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank 
offers preferential rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Faccendi Florio  
Chairman 
Campagna Carmelo 
Vice Chairman 
Bernini Emilio              Director

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
Caporali Ilaria              Director 
Conte Bartolo                Director 
Fiorillo Marco          
Director 
Giardini Cristian 
Director 
Martinelli Cristina 
Director 
Morlandi Marcello 
Director 
Paolini Federico        
Director 
Paolini Roberto           Director 
Verdi Michele          
Director 
Vinciarelli Daniela 
Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Natali Camillo               Chairman 
Adurno Maria Cristina Auditor 
Guarducci Enrico          Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditing firm E&Y S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 
31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria is Giubboni Umberto. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to article 20 of its by-laws, Banca Centro Toscana-Umbria has issued and fully paid-up capital of 
Euro 48,636,391 consisting of 1,948,437 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.00 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has no.  22,025 shareholders. 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano – S. C.  
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano S.C. (“BCC Milano”) is a bank incorporated under Italian law, 
registered with the Company Register of Milan with fiscal code nr. 01132850155 , participating entity in the 
VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the 
Register of Banks under No 4496 (ABI code 08453); the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC Milano constitutes the continuation of the Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Carugate, founded in 1953, of 
the Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Inzago, founded in 1898, of the Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Sesto San 
Giovanni, founded in 1952, of the Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Cernusco sul Naviglio, founded in 1989 and 
of the Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Bergamo e Valli, founded in 2015. 
The bank has its registered office in Via A. De Gasperi 11 - 20061 Carugate, Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its 
by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
 
Main activities and future strategies 
BCC Milano active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
BCC Milano's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Maino Giuseppe 
 
Chairman 
Maggioni Giovanni 
 
Vice Chairman 
Baggi Duillio 
 
 
Vice Chairman 
Comi Maurizio  
 
Vice Chairman 
Allievi Augusto  
 
Director 
Barbanti Monica 
 
Director  
Bolla Giovanni Battista  Director 
Brambilla Laura 
 
Director 
Crippa Aldo 
 
 
Director 
Facchinetti Sergio Marino 
Director 
Percassi Francesco 
 
Director 
Sambruna Monica 
 
Director 
Sturaro David  
 
Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Consolandi Flavio         Chairman 
Carrara Paola 
 
Auditor 
Colnaghi Matteo Aldo Auditor 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm E.Y S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 
31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC Milano is Giorgio Beretta. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC Milano has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
53,690,133.82 consisting of 2,079,401 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.82 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 27,016 shareholders. 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo Venezia Giulia - Società Cooperativa  
Banca di Credito Cooperativo Venezia Giulia – Società Cooperativa (formerly, Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
di Staranzano e Villesse - Società Cooperativa) (“BCC Venezia Giulia”) is a bank incorporated under Italian 
law, registered with the Company Register of Gorizia with fiscal code 00064500317; participating entity in the 
VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the 
Register of Banks under No 3476 (ABI code 8877); the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo 
Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC Venezia Giulia was founded in 8 November 1896. On 26 October 2009 a merger by incorporation of Bcc 
di Villesse into Bcc di Staranzano was executed.  
The bank has its registered office in Via Roma 20, 34132 Trieste (TS), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-
laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
 
Main activities and future strategies

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
BCC Venezia Giulia is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The 
bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential 
rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
BCC Venezia Giulia’ s operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Feruglio Carlo Antonio              Chairman 
Grassetti Roberto 
    
Vice Chairman 
Dario Rino 
                          Director 
Dorsi Marina                              Director 
Gratton Elettra                           Director  
Ferigutti Roberto                        Director  
Mazzarini Danilo                       Director  
Serbottini Roberto 
            Director  
Spanghero Lucio 
            Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Ceccotti Sergio                        Chairman 
Rossini Maurizio 
          Auditor 
Morgutti Annarita  
          Auditor 
 
 
Auditors 
The auditor of BCC Venezia Giulia is E&Y S.p.A., appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up 
to the year ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC Venezia Giulia is Gabriele Bellon.  
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC Venezia Giulia has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
178,701.12 consisting of 17,316 shares with nominal value of Euro 10.32 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 4,619 shareholders. 
Banca Patavina - Credito Cooperativo di Sant’ Elena e Piove Di Sacco - Società Cooperativa  
Banca Patavina - Credito Cooperativo di Sant’ Elena e Piove Di Sacco - Società Cooperativa (“Banca 
Patavina”) is a bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Padova with 
fiscal code 00311340285, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, 
VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 221 (ABI code 08728); the 
company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Banca Patavina was founded on 1 January 2017 as a merger of Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Sant’Elena 
(1899) and Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Piove di Sacco (1894).

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
The bank has its registered office in Via Alessio Valerio 78/80 – 35028, Piove di Sacco (PD), Italy. Pursuant to 
Article 5 of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Banca Patavina is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Banca Patavina's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Toson Leonardo 
Chairman 
Trovato Mirko 
Vice Chairman 
Ceccarello Vanni 
Director 
Menin Manuela 
Director 
Panazzolo Gian-Filippo 
Director 
Pavan Bernacchi Fabrizio 
Director 
Pittarello Fausto 
Director 
Ponzin Susanna 
Director 
Torcellan Salvatore 
Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Beltramin Alberto 
Chairman 
Callegari Marco 
Auditor 
Miolato Alessandro 
Auditor 
Bardelle Federica 
Substitute Auditor 
Lenarduzzi Dario 
Substitute Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year 
ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Banca Patavina is Andrea Bologna. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Banca Patavina has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
16,983,142.92 consisting of 3,043,574 shares with nominal value of Euro 5.58 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 11,031 shareholders. 
Centromarca Banca - Credito Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia, Società Cooperativa per Azioni  
Centromarca Banca - Credito Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia, Società Cooperativa per Azioni 
(“Centromarca Banca”) is a bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of 
Treviso with fiscal code 00176640266, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 4580.70 
(ABI code 08749) the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register 
of Banking Groups.

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
Centromarca Banca was founded on 15 June 1971. The current company name is Centromarca Banca Credito 
Cooperativo di Treviso e Venezia after two mergers carried out with Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Treviso took 
place on 01 January 2016 and with Banca Santo Stefano Credito Cooperativo Martellago – Venezia on 01 
October 2017. 
The bank has its registered office in Via Riccardo Selvatico, 2 - 31100, Treviso, Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of 
its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Centromarca Banca is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The 
bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential 
rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Centromarca Banca's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Cenedese Tiziano                        Chairman 
Benetello Massimo                      Vice Chairman 
De Marchi Giacomo                    Director 
Gardenal Gloria                           Director 
Lucchetta Marcella                      Director 
Michieletto Marco                       Director 
Munarin Gianluca                        Director 
Parolin Michele                           Director 
Volpato Emanuela                       Director 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Parolin Paolo                              Chairman 
Calaon Massimo                         Auditor  
Selmin Lisa                                 Auditor 
Bressan Enrico                            Auditor  
Fava Annarita                             Auditor 
 
Auditors 
The auditors of Centromarca Banca are Ernst & Young, appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial 
statements up to the year ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Centromarca Banca is Alessandrini Claudio. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Centromarca Banca has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
2,674,138.61 consisting of 965,393 shares with nominal value of Euro 2.77 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 10,347 shareholders. 
Credito Cooperativo Friuli (Abbreviato Credifriuli) - Società Cooperativa

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
Credito Cooperativo Friuli (Abbreviato Credifriuli) - Società Cooperativa (“Credifriuli”) is a bank 
incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of  Udine with fiscal  code 02216020301, 
participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 
and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 5503 (ABI code 7085); the company belongs to the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered with the Bank of Italy under No. 5251. 
Credifriuli was founded on 29 October 2001 following the merger between Bcc Alto Friuli and Bcc di 
Cervignano del Friuli.  
The bank has its registered office in Via Giovanni Paolo II 27 - 33100 Udine (UD), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 
of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31/12/2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Credifriuli is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Credifriuli 's operational structure is made up of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is comprised of the following: 
Board of Directors 
Sartoretti Luciano 
 
             Chairman 
Fruttarolo Stefano 
 
             Vice Chairman 
Contini Lorenzo 
 
 
Director 
Fattor Edgardo   
 
             Director 
Panizzo Gian Franco 
 
             Director 
Pecile Gabriele   
 
             Director 
 
Pittini Marina  
 
             Director 
Rigonat Laura  
 
             Director 
Sebastianutto Romano  
             Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is comprised of the following 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Salvador Cesare 
Chairman 
Pippan Lucia   
             Auditor  
Tracogna Franco 
             Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditor of Credifriuli is E&Y S.p.A, appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the 
year ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Credifriuli is Gilberto Noacco. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Credifriuli has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 1,697,430.48 
consisting of 58,694 shares with nominal value of Euro 28.92 each. As of the date of this Prospectus, the bank 
has nr. 10,815 shareholders. 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese – Soc. Coop.

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese Soc. coop. (“BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese”) is a 
bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Ferrara and Ravenna with fiscal  
code 01445030396, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. 
reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 5387 (ABI code 08542); the company 
belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese was founded in 11 September 1998. On 2nd December 2002 the merger by 
incorporation of Credito Cooperativo Imolese SCRL into Credito Cooperativo Provincia di Ravenna Soc. Coop 
arl became effective; following the merger, Credito Cooperativo Provincia di Ravenna Soc. Coop arl adopted a 
new corporate name, “Credito Cooperativo Ravennate e Imolese Soc. Coop.”. On 1th July 2017 the merger by 
incorporation of Banca di Forlì - Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa into Credito Cooperativo 
Ravennate e Imolese Soc. Coop. became effective; following the merger, Credito Cooperativo Ravennate e 
Imolese Soc. Coop. adopted a new corporate name, “Credito Cooperativo ravennate forlivese e imolese Soc. 
coop.” or, in short, “La BCC”. 
The bank has its registered office in Piazza della Libertà, 14 – 48018 Faenza (RA), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 
of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative 
banking areas. The bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank 
offers preferential rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese’s operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Gambi Giuseppe 
 
Chairman 
Lombardi Gianni 
 
Vice Chairman 
Bacchilega Emanuela 
 
Director 
Bandini Federica 
 
Director 
Benini Giuseppe 
 
Director 
Buzzi Antonio  
 
Director 
Cirelli Nicolina Anna Maria 
Director 
Cortini Giuliana 
 
Director 
Dalmonte Carlo  
 
Director 
Ferrini Andrea  
 
Director 
Mongardi Paolo 
 
Director 
Morfino Riccardo Walter 
Director 
Samorè Tiziano  
 
Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Berti Damiano  
 
Chairman 
Baccarini Nicola Maria  
Auditor 
Baroni Alessandra 
 
Auditor 
Bertoni Monica  
 
Auditor 
Galeotti Renzo  
 
Auditor

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the 
year ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese is Gianluca Ceroni. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC Ravennate Forlivese e Imolese has issued and fully paid-up 
capital of Euro 32,132,767.38 consisting of 12,454,561 shares with nominal value of Euro 2.58 each. As of the 
date of this Prospectus, the bank has nr. 35,787 shareholders. 
Emil Banca - Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa  
Emil Banca – Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa (“Emil Banca”) is a bank incorporated under Italian 
law, registered with the Company Register of 02888381205 with fiscal code 02888381205, participating entity 
in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with 
the Register of Banks under No 5701 (ABI code 7072); the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Emil Banca was founded in 24/11 /2008. The following mergers for incorporation into Emil Banca have 
occurred within the year 2017: in particular on the first of April 2017 with regard to Banco Cooperativo 
Emiliano – Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa (ABI 8623), and both Banca di Parma Credito 
Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa (ABI 7118) and Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Vergato (Bologna) Società 
Cooperativa (ABI 8422) on the first of December 2017. The bank has its registered office in Via G. Mazzini 
n.152 - 40138 Bologna (BO), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 
December 2050, subject to extension. 
 
Main activities and future strategies 
Emil Banca is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Emil Banca's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Galletti Gian Luca 
                  Chairman 
Massa Graziano                 
     Vice Chairman 
Barani Azio 
                               Director 
Bottoni Cristina                                Director 
Fiori Viviano 
                               Director 
Milza Francesco                              Director 
Pesci Paola 
                               Director 
Piccinini Carlo                                Director 
Rubertelli Cinzia                             Director 
Simonazzi Stefano                          Director

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Tonelli Giancarlo                            Director 
Zampini Assuero                             Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Gottardi Massimiliano                 Chairman 
Giuliani Claudia     
              Auditor 
Mondadori Aspro 
              Auditor 
 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm is E&Y S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year 
ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Emil Banca is Daniele Ravaglia. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Emil Banca has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 106,685,217 
consisting of 4,030,420 shares with nominal value of Euro 26.47 each. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
bank has nr. 54,617 shareholders. 
Below is a list and description of the Additional Sellers belonging to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea 
which acceded to the Programme on 25 May 2022:  
i. 
Banca della Marca Credito Coop.–Soc.Coop.;  
ii. 
Banco Fiorentino - Mugello Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa; 
iii. 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa;  
iv. 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate – Società Cooperativa;  
v. 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma - Credito Cooperativo – S.c. 
Banca della Marca Credito Coo.–Soc.Coop. 
Banca della Marca Credito Coop.Soc.Coop. (“Banca della Marca”) is a bank incorporated under Italian law, 
registered with the Company Register of Treviso - Belluno with fiscal code 03669140265, participating entity 
in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with 
the Register of Banks under No 5502 (ABI code 7084/7); the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Banca della Marca was founded on 2 November 2001.  Merger with BCC Marcon Venezia on 2 April 2017. 
The bank has its registered office in Orsago (TV) Via Garibaldi n. 46, Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, 
the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Banca della Marca is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The 
bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential 
rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Banca della Marca operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Sonego Loris 
     
             Chairman 
Bonotto Antonio       
             Vice Chairman 
Bettiol Sonia   
             Director 
Ceolin Paolo 
 
             Director 
Dufour Michele  
             Director 
Marcolin Pietro  
             Director 
Michielin Gianpiero  
             Director 
Miotto Andrea  
             Director 
Solda’ Laura 
 
             Director 
Rasera Amerino 
 
Director 
Valle Maurizio     
             Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Battistella Marzio                     Chairman 
Pizzolon Michela                      Auditor 
Tomasella Giuseppe                 Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditing firm EY S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 
31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Banca della Marca is Barazzetta Massimp.  
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Banca della Marca has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
8,980,211.34 consisting of 305,138 shares with nominal value of Euro 29.43 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 8,813 shareholders. 
Banco Fiorentino - Mugello Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa 
Banco Fiorentino Mugello Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa (“Banco Fiorentino”) 
is a bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Florence with fiscal code 
06657430481, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. 
no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 8059 (ABI code 08325); the company 
belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups.  
Banco Fiorentino was founded in 1 July 2016. The bank has its registered office in via Villani, 13 50033 
Firenzuola (FI), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31/12/2050, 
subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Banco Fiorentino is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The 
bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential 
rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
Banco Fiorentino's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory 
Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Paolo Raffini                          Chairman  
Stefano Romanelli                  Vice Chairman 
Maurizio Rugi                        Vice Chairman 
Roberto Lapi                          Director 
Luca Baldassini                     Director 
Chiara Capanni                      Director 
Stefania Nistri                        Director 
Alessandro Tredici                 Director 
Franco Simonetti                   Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Luca Nannini                       Chairman 
Simone Dal Pino                 Auditor 
Maria Chiara Angelucci       Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditing firm EY S.p.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 
31 December 2027.  
General Management. 
The General Manager of Banco Fiorentino is Davide Menetti. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Banco Fiorentino has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 
18,358,045.82 consisting of 711,001 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.82 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, the bank has nr. 12,503 shareholders. 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa  (“BCC Binasco”) is a bank 
incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Milan with fiscal  code 00772010153, 
participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 
and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 2165 (ABI code 08386); the company belongs to the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC Binasco was founded on 22 December 1920. 
The bank has its registered office in Via Turati 2, Binasco 20082 Italy. Pursuant to Article 3 of its by-laws, the 
bank shall be in operation until 31 May 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
BCC Binasco is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
BCC Binasco 's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
De Rosi Antonio 
   Chairman 
Rognoni Enrico  
   Vice Chairman 
Corbellini Marco 
   Director 
Villani Simona  
   Director 
Negri Giacomo  
   Director 
Marina Giani 
                Director 
Ferri Roberto                    Director 
Penati Silvio  
 
   Director 
Zanati Fabio    
   Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Beltrame Galamini di Recanati Daniele   
Chairman 
Corradi Ignazio  
 
 
             Auditor 
Donzelli Paolo   
 
 
             Auditor 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm EY is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 31 
December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC Binasco is Flavio Motta. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC Binasco has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 646,068.12 
consisting of 125,207 shares with nominal value of Euro 5.16 each. As of the date of this Prospectus, the bank 
has nr. 2,970 shareholders. 
Banca Di Credito Cooperativo Di Busto Garolfo E Buguggiate  
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate (“BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate”) is a 
bank incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Milan Italy with fiscal code 
00688150150, participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. 
no. 15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 3758(ABI code8404 the company belongs 
to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate was founded in 1897. The bank is the result of the merger by incorporation 
of the BCC of Buguggiate into the BCC of Busto Garolfo occurred on 15 November 1999. 
The bank has its registered office in Via Alessandro Manzoni 50 – 20038 Busto Garolfo – Milan, Italy. 
Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative 
banking areas. The bank serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank 
offers preferential rates on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate 's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of 
Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Roberto Giovanni Scazzosi     Chairmann 
 
Mauro Colombo                      Vice Chairman  
Diego Trogher                         Vice Chairman  
Danila Battaglia                       Director 
Giuseppe Barni                        Director 
Rinaldo Borsa                          Director 
Luca Castoldi                           Director 
Paolo Malnati                          Director 
Andrea Rinaldi                        Director 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Gian Mario Marnati              Chairman  
Gianfranco Sommaruga        Auditor  
Giuliana D’Alterio                Auditor  
Auditors 
The auditing firm EY is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 31 
December 2027 
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate is Roberto Solbiati. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate has issued and fully paid-up 
capital of Euro 602,328.96 consisting of 23,328 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.82 each. As of the date of 
this Prospectus, the bank has nr. 4,435 shareholders. 
Terre Etrusche Di Valdichiana E Di Maremma - Credito Cooperativo - S.c. 
Terre Etrusche Di Valdichiana E Di Maremma Credito Cooperativo S.c. (“Banca Tema”) is a bank 
incorporated under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Siena (n. SI-147864) with fiscal code 
01602230532 participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 
15240741007 and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 8063 (ABI code 08851-8); the company 
belongs to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Banca Tema was founded on 24 October 2016. 
The bank has its registered office in via Porsenna n. 54 – 53043 Chiusi (SI), Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its 
by-laws, the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050 subject to extension.

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Main activities and future strategies 
Banca Tema is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Banca Terma 's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Carri Francesco                        Chairman 
Tamagnini Fabio                      Vice Chairman 
Marcocci Giovanni                   Vice Chairman 
Vincio Valter                            Vice Chairman 
Bani Maria Cristina                  Director 
Bittarelli Paolo                         Director 
Conti Stefano                           Director 
Gentili Francesco                     Director 
Gialli Sara                                Director 
Lanci Giuliana                         Director 
Nappini Eros                            Director 
Paolini Alberto                         Director 
Venturi Gianfranco                  Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Limoni Costanza                     Chairman 
Morandini Mario                     Auditor 
Palombo Riccardo                   Auditor 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young Spa is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year 
ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Banca Tema is Fabio Becherini. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, Banca Tema has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 60,019,075.00 
consisting of 2,400,763 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.00 each. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
bank has nr. 19,681 shareholders. 
Below is a list and description of the Additional Sellers belonging to the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea 
which acceded to the Programme on 22 December 2022: 
i. Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma - Società Cooperativa;  
ii. Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa. 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma - Societa' Cooperativa

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma - Società Cooperativa (“BCC Roma”) is a bank incorporated under 
Italian law, registered with the Company Register of 184188 with fiscal code 01275240586, participating entity 
in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 and enrolled with 
the Register of Banks under No 4516 (ABI code 8327); the company belongs to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
BCC Roma was founded on 17 October 1954. 
The bank has its registered office in via Sardegna 129 – 00187 Roma, Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, 
the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
BCC Roma is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
BCC Roma's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Maurizio Longhi 
Chairman 
Gabriele Gravina 
Vice Chairman 
Alessandro Ciocia 
Director 
Guido Di Capua            Director 
Luigina Di Liegro 
Director 
Franco Lepidi                Director 
Chiara Madia                 Director 
Pasqualina Porretta 
Director 
Giampiero Proia 
Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Mario Bonito Oliva           Chairman 
Fabio Bernardi  
    Auditor 
Ernesto Vetrano     
Auditor 
Auditors 
The auditing firm Ernst & Young S.p.A is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the 
year ending 31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of BCC Roma is Roberto Gandolfo. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, BCC Roma has issued and fully paid-up capital of Euro 53,657,895.72 
consisting of 20,797,634 shares with nominal value of Euro 2.58 each. As of the date of this Prospectus, the 
bank has nr. 45,050 shareholders. 
Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo Società Cooperativa (“Credito Padano”) is a bank incorporated 
under Italian law, registered with the Company Register of Cremona with fiscal code 01039280191, 
participating entity in the VAT Group of the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT. reg. no. 15240741007 
and enrolled with the Register of Banks under No 5251 (ABI code 08454); the company belongs to the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea registered in the Register of Banking Groups. 
Credito Padano was founded on 10 September 1993. On 1 September 1993 it acquired Banca di Credito 
Cooperativo di Bordolano and on 01 July 2016 it acquired Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Castel Goffredo.  
The bank has its registered office in Via Dante 213, 26100 Cremona - Italy. Pursuant to Article 5 of its by-laws, 
the bank shall be in operation until 31 December 2050, subject to extension. 
Main activities and future strategies 
Credito Padano is active in the areas of traditional banking as well as some innovative banking areas. The bank 
serves both private customers and businesses through its branches. Moreover, the bank offers preferential rates 
on its members’ loans, either for investment and/or other purposes. 
Organisation 
Credito Padano 's operational structure is composed of a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. 
The Board of Directors is composed as follows: 
Board of Directors 
Antonio Davò  
              Chairman 
Arnaldo Ghisotti 
              Vice chairman 
Luciano Vignoni 
 
 Vice chairman 
Fabio Antoldi  
              Director 
Gian Paolo Della Nave               Director 
Renzo Nolli 
 
              Director 
Antonio Pavesi  
              Director 
Laura Poli 
 
 
 Director 
Maria Grazia Rizzi 
              Director 
 
The Board of Statutory Auditors is composed as follows: 
 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
Federico Manara 
 
 
 
   Chairman 
Oluwayemisi Rachael Oluwabunmi                       Auditor 
Marco Todeschini 
 
 
                Auditor 
 
Auditors 
The auditing firm EY S.P.A. is appointed to audit the bank’s annual financial statements up to the year ending 
31 December 2027.  
General Management 
The General Manager of Credito Padano is Oliviero Sabato. 
Share capital and shareholders 
According to Article 20 of its by-Laws, in 31/12/2022 Credito Padano has issued and fully paid-up capital of 
Euro 8,427,441.44 consisting of 326,392 shares with nominal value of Euro 25.82 each. As of the date of this 
Prospectus, 
the 
bank 
has 
nr. 
8,073 
shareholders.

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
 
THE ASSET MONITOR 
Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations require that the Issuer appoints a 
qualified entity to be the asset monitor to carry out controls on the regularity of the transaction and the integrity 
of the Covered Bond Guarantee. 
Pursuant to Article 7-sexiesdecies of the Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, the asset monitor must be 
an independent auditor enrolled with the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy and 
Finance pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 39 of 27 January 2010 and the Ministerial Decree No. 145 of 20 
June 2012 and shall be independent from the Issuer and any other party to the Programme and from the 
accounting firm who carries out the audit of the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
Based upon controls carried out, the asset monitor shall prepare annual reports, to be addressed also to the 
Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
Deloitte & Touche S.p.A., is included in the Register of Certified Auditors held by the Ministry for Economy 
and Finance – Stage general accounting office, at no. 132587. 
Pursuant to an engagement letter entered into on 15 July 2021, as amended and supplemented from time to 
time, the Issuer has appointed the Asset Monitor in order to perform, subject to receipt of the relevant 
information from the Issuer, specific monitoring activities concerning the compliance of the Programme with 
Title I-bis of Law 130 the Bank of Italy Regulations including, inter alia, the calculation performed by the 
Test Calculation Agent in respect of the Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit 
and the Minimum OC Requirement with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate.  
The engagement letter is in line with the provisions of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations in relation to 
the reports to be prepared and submitted by the Asset Monitor also to the Board of Directors of the Issuer. 
The engagement letter provides for certain matters such as the payment of fees and expenses by the Issuer to 
the Asset Monitor and the resignation of the Asset Monitor. 
The engagement letter is governed by Italian law. 
Furthermore, on 15 July 2021, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Asset Monitor, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset 
Monitor Agreement, as more fully described under "Overview of the Transaction Documents — Asset Monitor 
Agreement".

--- Page 214 ---
214 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS 
Covered Bond Guarantee 
On 15 July 2021, the Guarantor, the Issuer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into 
the Covered Bond Guarantee, as from time to time amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor agreed to 
issue, for the benefit of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, a first demand, unconditional, 
irrevocable and autonomous guarantee to support payments of interest and principal under the Covered 
Bonds issued by the Issuer under the Programme and other payments due to the Other Creditors. Under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee the Guarantor has agreed to pay an amount equal to the Guaranteed Amounts when 
the same shall become due and payable but which would otherwise be unpaid by the Issuer. The obligations 
of the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee constitute direct and unconditional, unsubordinated and 
limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor, collateralised by the Cover Pool as provided under the article 
7-quaterdecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
The Representative of the Covered Bondholders will enforce the Covered Bond Guarantee: (i) following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving an Issuer 
Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor; and (ii) following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default and subject to any applicable grace periods, by serving a Guarantor Default Notice on the Guarantor. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, payment 
of the Guaranteed Amounts shall be made by the Guarantor on the dates scheduled and for the amounts 
determined in accordance with the Guarantee Priority of Payments applicable in relation to each Series of 
Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that, should a resolution pursuant to article 74 of 
the Consolidated Banking Act be issued in respect of the Issuer, although such event constitutes an Issuer Event 
of Default, the consequences thereof will only apply during the Suspension Period.  
Following an Article 74 Event: 
(i) 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will serve an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and 
the Guarantor, specifying that an Article 74 Event has occurred and that such event may be temporary; 
and 
(ii) 
in accordance with article 7-quaterdecies of Law 130, the Guarantor shall be responsible for the 
payments of the amounts due and payable under the Covered Bonds within the Suspension Period at 
their relevant due date provided that it shall be entitled to claim any such amounts from the Issuer. 
The Suspension Period shall end upon delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders to the Issuer, 
the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor of an Article 74 Event Cure Notice, informing such parties that the Article 
74 Event has been revoked. 
Upon the termination of the Suspension Period the Issuer shall again be responsible for meeting the payment 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties thereto have also agreed that, upon enforcement of the Covered 
Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor shall be entitled to request from the Issuer — also prior to any payments are 
effected by the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee — an amount up to the Guaranteed Amounts, in 
order to secure the Issuer obligations to the subrogation right of the Guarantor. Any sum so received or 
recovered from the Issuer will be used to make payments in accordance with the Covered Bond Guarantee. The 
parties have also agreed that the Guarantor shall no longer be entitled to request to the Issuer payment of such

--- Page 215 ---
215 
 
amounts if a Guarantor Default Notice is delivered by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders or the 
Covered Bonds have been otherwise accelerated pursuant to the Conditions. 
The service of a Guarantor Default Notice by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will result in the 
acceleration of the right of the Covered Bondholders of each Series of Covered Bonds issued to receive 
payment of the Guaranteed Amounts and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will demand the 
immediate payment by the Guarantor of all Guaranteed Amounts. Payments made by the Guarantor following 
the service of a Guarantor Event of Default shall be made pari passu and on a pro-rata basis to the Covered 
Bondholders of all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds, in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Covered Bond Guarantee, the recourse of the Covered Bondholders and the Other 
Creditors to the Guarantor under the Covered Bond Guarantee will be limited to the Guarantor Available 
Funds. 
Furthermore, under the Covered Bond Guarantee, the parties have agreed that as of the date of administrative 
liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer or following the delivery of an Issuer Default 
Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor, the Guarantor (or the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement) shall exercise, on an exclusive basis and in compliance with the 
provisions of article 7-quaterdecies of the Law 130, the rights of the Covered Bondholders against the Issuer 
and any amount recovered from the Issuer will be part of the Guarantor Available Funds.  
To the extent that the Guarantor makes, or that is made on its behalf, a payment of any amount under the 
Covered Bond Guarantee, the Guarantor will be fully and automatically subrogated to the Covered 
Bondholders' and Other Creditors' rights against the Issuer pursuant to article 2900 et seq. of the Italian Civil 
Code. 
Governing law 
The Covered Bond Guarantee is governed by Italian law. 
Subordinated Loan Agreements 
On or about the date of execution of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, each Initial Seller, and, 
subsequently, upon accession to the Programme, each Additional Seller, and the Guarantor entered into a 
Subordinated Loan Agreement, pursuant to Law 130 under which each Seller granted or will grant to the 
Guarantor a Subordinated Loan facility in an aggregate amount equal to the relevant Total Commitment, for 
the purposes of funding the purchase by the Guarantor of (i) Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets from the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and (ii) 
Eligible Asset, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets from the relevant Seller pursuant to the terms of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
In addition, pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Provider 
granted or will grant to the Guarantor a Subordinated Loan facility for the purposes of funding the set up 
and/or maintenance of a cash reserve sufficient to comply with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and, to the 
extent applicable, the Exposure Assets Limit, in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth under the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
Pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Provider has acknowledged 
its undertakings, inter alia, (i) pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, to transfer further 
Eligible Assets,  Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor and to make available to the 
Guarantor further Subordinated Loans in order to fund the purchase of such assets, and (ii) pursuant to the 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement, to make available to the Guarantor further Subordinated Loans in order

--- Page 216 ---
216 
 
to fund any settlement amounts of the purchase price of the Initial Portfolio or any New Portfolio which may 
be due by the Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
The obligation of each Seller (in its capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider) to advance a Subordinated Loan 
to the Guarantor under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement will be off-set against the obligation of the 
Guarantor to pay to the relevant Seller the purchase price for the Eligible Assets and Integration Assets funded 
by means of the relevant Subordinated Loan. 
The rate of interest applicable in respect of each Subordinated Loan for each Subordinated Loan Interest Period 
shall be an amount of interest equal to 0.25 per cent. per annum (the "Base Interest"). The amount due on each 
Subordinated Loan in respect of the relevant Subordinated Loan Interest Period shall be calculated on a 360 day 
year basis by the Guarantor Calculation Agent pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement and agreed with Iccrea Banca. On each Guarantor Payment Date, the Guarantor will pay to the 
Subordinated Loan Provider, in addition to the Base Interest, the amount of the Premium, if any, payable to 
such Subordinated Loan Provider on the relevant Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the applicable 
Priority of Payments and the terms of the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Interest and Premium, if any, payable in respect of a Subordinated Loan shall be payable on each Guarantor 
Payment Date following the Drawdown Date of that Subordinated Loan, subject to the relevant Priority of 
Payments. 
Prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, each Subordinated Loan shall be repaid on each Guarantor 
Payment Date subject to the written request of the relevant Subordinated Loan Provider and the Issuer, 
according to the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments and within the limits of the then 
Guarantor Available Funds, provided that (i) as at the preceding Test Calculation Date the Statutory Test and 
the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are complied with and (ii) such repayment does not result in a breach of 
any of the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount. 
Furthermore, in the event that as at each Test Calculation Date the Integration Assets and/or the Liquid Assets 
deposited on the Accounts of the Guarantor exceed the Exposure Assets Limit, upon instruction of the Issuer, 
subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Subordinated Loan Agreements and the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement, the Guarantor shall pay to the Subordinated Loan Provider as a partial 
repayment of the relevant Subordinated Loan in an amount sufficient indicated by the Issuer in the relevant 
reimbursement request. 
Following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Subordinated Loans shall be repaid in accordance with 
the applicable Priority of Payments within the limits of the Guarantor Available Funds subject to the 
repayment in full (or, prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice, the accumulation of funds sufficient 
for the purpose of such repayment) of all Covered Bonds. 
Governing law 
Each Subordinated Loan Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Master Loans Purchase Agreement 
On 28 June 2021, Iccrea Banca S.p.A. and the Initial Sellers and, subsequently, upon accession to the 
Programme, each Additional Seller and the Guarantor entered into the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, as 
from time to time amended, pursuant to which, each Seller has assigned and transferred, and will assign and 
transfer, to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased and will purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) 
from the relevant Seller, an Initial Portfolio and New Portfolios of Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets that shall form part of the Cover Pool, in accordance with articles 4 and 7-bis of Law 130, as

--- Page 217 ---
217 
 
applicable until the Implementation Date (as defined below), and Article 7-sexies and ff. of Titolo I-bis  of Law 
130, as applicable as of the Implementation Date.  
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, upon satisfaction of certain conditions set out therein, upon 
indication of the Issuer, the relevant Seller (i) may or shall, as the case may be, assign and transfer, without 
recourse (pro soluto), to the Guarantor and the Guarantor shall purchase, without recourse (pro soluto) from the 
relevant Seller, New Portfolios which shall form part of the Cover Pool held by the Guarantor, if such transfer 
is required under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement in order to ensure the compliance of the 
Cover Pool with the Tests and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit; and 
(ii) may transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor shall purchase from each Seller such New 
Portfolios, in order to supplement the Cover Pool in connection with the issuance of further Series of Covered 
Bonds under the Programme in accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
In addition to (i) and (ii) above, under the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement, prior to the delivery to the Issuer and the Guarantor of an Issuer Default Notice, each Seller may 
transfer New Portfolios to the Guarantor, which will fund the purchase price thereof through the Principal 
Available Funds. 
The Purchase Price payable for the Initial Portfolio has been determined pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement. Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the relevant parties thereto have acknowledged that 
the Purchase Price for the Initial Portfolio have been funded through the proceeds of the first Subordinated 
Loan under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. The Purchase Price for each New Portfolio will be 
equal to the aggregate amount of the Individual Purchase Price of all Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets 
and/or Liquid Asset comprised in such New Portfolio as at the relevant Transfer Date. 
In case the Purchase Price is paid with the Principal Available Funds and, upon the settlement procedure set out 
above, the Guarantor is required to pay amounts to the Seller in excess of the Purchase Price already paid, such 
amounts will be deducted from the amounts due to the relevant Seller as repayment of the outstanding 
Subordinated Loans and, to the extent no such amounts are available, through the proceeds of an appropriate 
Subordinated Loan to be made available by the relevant Seller as Subordinated Loan Provider pursuant to the 
relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
Each Initial Seller has sold to the Guarantor, and the Guarantor has purchased from such Seller, the 
Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio, which met the Common Criteria and the relevant Specific 
Criteria (both as described in detail in the section headed "Description of the Cover Pool") and in accordance 
with the Covered Bond Regulations applicable prior to the Implementation Date. The Eligible Asset and/or 
Integration Assets comprised in any New Portfolio to be transferred under the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement shall meet, in addition to the Common Criteria, the relevant Specific Criteria. In any case, each 
transfer of New Portfolios to the Guarantor shall not trigger the breach of the following limits: (i) the 
aggregate value of the Receivables arising from Commercial Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool shall 
not exceed 20% of the aggregate value of the Cover Pool; (ii) the aggregate value of the Receivables arising 
from Staff Mortgage Loans included in the Cover Pool shall not exceed 20% of the aggregate value of the 
Cover Pool; and (iii) the aggregate value of the Receivables arising from Renegotiated Mortgage Loans 
included in the Cover Pool shall not exceed 20% of the aggregate value of the Cover Pool as at the Valuation 
Date (excluded). 
In addition, each transfer of New Portfolios including Public Entity Securities to the Guarantor shall not 
exceed 20% of the aggregate value of the Cover Pool, save where the transfer of the Public Entity Securities is 
made for the purpose of complying with the Tests or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount.

--- Page 218 ---
218 
 
Pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the relevant Seller will have the right to repurchase 
individual Receivables (including Defaulted Receivables), Public Entity Securities and/or Liquid Asset 
transferred to the Guarantor under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, in accordance with the conditions set 
out therein. 
In case the Guarantor shall dispose of Eligible Assets, the Guarantor, prior to offer to sell such Eligible Assets 
and/or Public Entity Securities and/or, to the extent applicable, Liquid Assets to third parties, shall offer to sell 
such assets to the same Seller who had previously transferred them to the Guarantor at a price determined 
pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement. If the relevant Seller does not accept to buy the relevant 
Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets, the Guarantor shall offer to sell such Eligible 
Assets and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets to the Issuer, or, upon instruction of the Issuer, one or 
more of the other Sellers. In case the Guarantor intends to subsequently transfer such assets for a price lower 
than the minimum purchase price as determined pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the 
Guarantor shall again offer such assets to the relevant Seller, the Issuer and the other Sellers on the same terms 
and conditions offered by such third parties before entering into a transfer agreement with the latter. 
The transfer of each Portfolio is made in accordance with article 58, subsections 2, 3 and 4 of the Consolidated 
Banking Act (as provided by article 4 of the Law 130). 
Governing law 
The Master Loan Purchase Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement entered into between each Seller and the Guarantor, each 
Seller has given certain representations and warranties in favor of the Guarantor in respect of, inter alia, itself, 
the Portfolio transferred and to be transferred by it pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Real 
Estate Assets over which the relevant Mortgages are established and certain other matters in relation to the 
issue of the Covered Bonds and has agreed to indemnify the Guarantor in respect of certain liabilities of the 
Guarantor that may be incurred, inter alia, in connection with the purchase and ownership of the relevant 
Portfolio. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement contains representations and warranties given by the relevant Seller as 
to matters of law and fact affecting the relevant Seller including, without limitation, that the relevant Seller 
validly exists as a legal entity, has the corporate authority and power to enter into the Transaction Documents to 
which it is party and assume the obligations contemplated therein and has all the necessary authorisations for 
such purpose. 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement sets out certain representations and warranties in respect of the 
Portfolio to which it relates, including, inter alia, that, as of the date of execution of the Warranty and 
Indemnity Agreement, the Receivables comprised in the Initial Portfolio (i) are valid, in existence and in 
compliance with the Criteria, and (ii) relate to Mortgage Loan Agreements which have been entered into, 
executed and performed by the relevant Seller in compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
Pursuant to the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the relevant Seller has agreed to indemnify and hold 
harmless the Guarantor, its officers or agents or any of its permitted assigns from and against any and all 
damages, losses, claims, costs and expenses awarded against, or incurred by such parties which arise out of or 
result from, inter alia, any representation and warranty given by the Seller under or pursuant to the Warranty 
and Indemnity Agreement being false, incomplete or incorrect. 
Governing law 
The Warranty and Indemnity Agreement is governed by Italian law.

--- Page 219 ---
219 
 
Master Servicing Agreement 
On 28 June 2021, the Master Servicer, the Servicers, and, subsequently, upon accession to the Programme, each 
Seller (in its capacity as Servicer) and the Guarantor entered into the Master Servicing Agreement, as from time 
to time amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor has appointed Iccrea Banca S.p.A. as Master Servicer of the 
Receivables and the Sellers as Servicers of the BCC Receivables. Each Servicer will act as the "soggetto 
incaricato della riscossione dei crediti ceduti e dei servizi di cassa e di pagamento" pursuant to the Law 130 
and will be responsible for the receipt of the Collections acting as agent (mandatario con obbligo di 
rendiconto) of the Guarantor. Each Servicer has been appointed to act as the person in charge of the collection 
of the relevant Receivables assigned by it to the Guarantor and of the performance of the cash and payment 
services in relation to such Receivables, pursuant to, and for the purposes of, article 2.3, letter (c) and 2.6-bis of 
the Law 130 and in accordance with the Covered Bond Regulations, but excluding the activities allocated to the 
Master Servicer under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
In addition, under the Master Servicing Agreement, the Guarantor has mandated each of Iccrea Banca S.p.A., 
as Master Servicer, and the Sellers, as Servicers, to act as "soggetto incaricato della riscossione e dei servizi di 
cassa e di pagamento" in respect of the Public Entity Securities and the Liquid Assets that may be assigned by 
each of them to the Guarantor, in accordance with the terms of the Master Servicing Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement the Master Servicer will transfer the interest and principal 
collections with respect to the Receivables credited to the Transitory Collection Account pertaining to each 
Seller to the Collection Account held with the Account Bank within the immediately following Business Day. 
The Master Servicer will not be responsible for the actions undertaken by the Servicers which will be 
responsible for the fulfilment of the obligations undertaken by them under the Master Servicing Agreement on 
an individual basis and without joint liability. Iccrea Banca and the Servicers have confirmed, in relation to 
their undertakings pursuant to the Master Servicing Agreement, their willingness to act as processor 
(responsabile esterno del trattamento dei dati personali) for the processing of personal data in relation to the 
Receivables, pursuant to the Data Protection Legislation. 
Under the Master Servicing Agreement, the Servicers are entitled to delegate, at their own expenses, to third 
parties the performance of all or part of the administration, collection and recovery activities in relation to the 
Receivables in accordance with the terms and within the limits provided therein. 
The Master Servicer has undertaken to deliver to the Guarantor, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Asset Monitor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Rating Agencies, the Quarterly Master Servicer's Report prepared on the basis of the information contained in 
the Quarterly Servicer’s Reports. 
The Master Servicer and the Servicers have represented to the Guarantor that each has all skills, software, 
hardware, information technology and human resources necessary to comply with the efficiency standards 
required by the Master Servicing Agreement in relation to the respective responsibilities. 
The Guarantor has undertaken to use reasonable endeavors to appoint a back-up servicer within 45 days from 
the date on which the Master Servicer's long-term rating has been downgraded below the rating levels 
indicated under the Master Servicing Agreement. 
In the event that the long-term unsecured and unsubordinated debt obligations of the Master Servicer falls 
below the rating levels indicated under the Master Servicing Agreement, (i) the Master Servicer shall 
immediately communicate such event to the Guarantor, and (ii) the Guarantor and the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders shall promptly identify a Back-up Servicer meeting the requirements provided for such 
appointment.

--- Page 220 ---
220 
 
The Guarantor may terminate the Master Servicer's and each Servicer's appointment and appoint a successor 
master servicer or servicer if, inter alia, the following events occur: 
(i) 
failure to deposit or pay any amount required to be paid or deposited which failure continues for a period 
of 15 (fifteen) Business Days following receipt of a written notice from the Guarantor requiring the 
relevant amount to be paid or deposited; 
(ii) 
failure to observe or perform duties provided for in the Master Servicing Agreement or any other 
Transaction Document to which the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer are a party, in case the 
continuation of such failure for a period of 15 (fifteen) Business Days following receipt of written notice 
from the Guarantor and that failure is such as to prejudice the existing relationship with the Master 
Servicer and/or each Servicer; 
(iii) the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer have become insolvent, or an order is made by the competent 
authorities for its liquidation or the appointment of a liquidator or a resolution is passed by the Master 
Servicer and/or each Servicer in order to obtain such order or resolution or the Master Servicer and/or 
each Servicer have been admitted to an Insolvency Proceeding (other than the “amministrazione 
straordinaria”), or a resolution is passed by the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer in order to be 
admitted to an Insolvency Proceeding (other than the “amministrazione straordinaria”) or a resolution is 
adopted by the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer in order to be admitted to the voluntary liquidation 
procedure; 
(iv) it becomes unlawful for the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer to comply with any of its obligations 
under the Master Servicing Agreement; 
(v) 
the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer are or will be unable to meet the current or future legal 
requirements and the Bank of Italy's Regulations for entities acting as servicers in the context of a 
covered bonds transaction. 
Governing law 
The Master Servicing Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Programme Agreement 
For a description of the Programme Agreement, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Intercreditor Agreement 
On 15 July 2021, the Guarantor and, upon accession to the Programme, each of the Other Creditors entered into 
the Intercreditor Agreement, as from time to time amended. Under the Intercreditor Agreement provision is 
made as to the application of the proceeds from Collections in respect of the Cover Pool and as to the 
circumstances in which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will be entitled, in the interest of the 
Covered Bondholders, to exercise certain of the Guarantor's rights in respect of the Cover Pool and the 
Transaction Documents. 
In the Intercreditor Agreement the Other Creditors have agreed, inter alia: to the order of priority of payments 
to be made out of the Guarantor Available Funds; that the obligations owed by the Guarantor to the Covered 
Bondholders and, in general, to the Other Creditors are limited recourse obligations of the Guarantor; and that 
the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors have a claim against the Guarantor only to the extent of the 
Guarantor Available Funds. 
Under the terms of the Intercreditor Agreement, the Guarantor has undertaken, following the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, to comply with all directions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, 
acting pursuant to the Conditions, in relation to the management and administration of the Cover Pool.

--- Page 221 ---
221 
 
Governing law 
The Intercreditor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Asset Monitor Agreement 
On 15 July 2021, the Issuer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, as from time to time amended, whereby each of the Issuer and the Guarantor has appointed the 
Asset Monitor to perform the services set out therein — please see "The Asset Monitor" below. 
The appointment by the Guarantor will become effective only subject to, and with effect from, the delivery of 
an Issuer Default Notice, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Article 74 Event, the 
Asset Monitor will provide the services to the Guarantor up to the date on which the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholder will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
Pursuant to the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has agreed to the Issuer and, upon delivery of an 
Issuer Default Notice, to the Guarantor, to verify, subject to due receipt of the information to be provided by the 
Test Calculation Agent to the Asset Monitor, the arithmetic accuracy of the calculations performed by the Test 
Calculation Agent under, inter alia, the Statutory Tests, the Amortisation Test, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, with a view to confirming whether such calculations are accurate. 
In the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has acknowledged to perform its services also for the 
benefit and in the interests of the Guarantor (to the extent it will carry out the services under the appointment of 
the Issuer) and the Covered Bondholders and accepted that upon delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, it will 
receive instructions from, provide its services to, and be liable vis-à-vis the Guarantor or the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders on its behalf. 
In addition, on or prior to each relevant date as set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement, the Asset Monitor has 
undertaken to deliver to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, 
the Master Servicer and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders the Asset Monitor Report. 
The Issuer or the Guarantor (as the case may be) may, until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
without any prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and following the occurrence of 
an Issuer Event of Default with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, revoke 
the appointment of the Asset Monitor, in either case by giving not less than 3 (three) months' (or earlier, in the 
event of a breach of warranties and covenants) written notice to the Asset Monitor (with a copy to the Issuer or 
the Guarantor (as the case may be), the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Test Calculation 
Agent). The Asset Monitor may resign from its appointment under the Asset Monitor Agreement, upon giving 
not less than 3 (three) months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may 
agree) prior written notice of termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Asset Monitor Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement 
On 15 July 2021, the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Sellers, each upon accession to the Programme, the Servicers, 
the Master Servicer, the Account Bank, any Swap Collateral Account Bank upon accession to the Programme, 
the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor

--- Page 222 ---
222 
 
Corporate Servicer, the Operating Bank and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the 
Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, as from time to time amended. 
Under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement: 
(i) 
the Operating Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, 
the Transitory Collection Accounts, the Expenses Account and the Quota Capital Account and to 
provide the Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account handling services in 
relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of such Accounts; 
(ii) 
the Account Bank has agreed to establish and maintain, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, the 
Collection Account, the Payments Account, the Investment Account, the Securities Account (if any), 
the Cash Reserve Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account (if any) and the Liquidity Buffer Securities 
Account (if any) and to provide the Guarantor with certain reporting services together with account 
handling services in relation to monies from time to time standing to the credit of such accounts; 
(iii) the Principal Paying Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor (and, prior to the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, the Issuer) with certain payment services together with certain calculation services 
pursuant to the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement;  
(iv) the Guarantor Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services; and 
(v) 
the Test Calculation Agent has agreed to provide the Guarantor with calculation services in relation to the 
Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and the Exposure Assets Limit. 
The Account Bank shall comply with any instruction of the Guarantor Calculation Agent to invest, on behalf of 
the Guarantor, amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account in Eligible Investments, as from time 
to time selected by the Guarantor Calculation Agent upon instructions of the Issuer (or, following an Issuer 
Event of Default, upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders) in accordance with the 
provisions of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
The Guarantor may (with the prior approval of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Rating 
Agencies have been notified in advance) revoke the appointment of any Agent by giving not less than 3 (three) 
months' (or earlier, in the event of a breach of warranties and covenants by the relevant Agent) written notice to 
the relevant Agent (with a copy to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders), regardless of whether an 
Issuer Event of Default or a Guarantor Event of Default has occurred. Any Agent may resign from its 
appointment under the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement, upon giving not less than 3 
(three) months' (or such shorter period as the Representative of the Covered Bondholders may agree) prior 
written notice of termination to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders 
subject to and conditional upon certain conditions set out in the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
Governing law 
The Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Cover Pool Management Agreement 
On 15 July 2021, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Asset Monitor, the Test Calculation Agent, each Seller upon 
accession to the Programme, and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, as from time to time amended, pursuant to which they have agreed certain terms 
regulating, inter alia, the performance of the Tests and the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, 
the Exposure Assets Limit and the Minimum OC Requirement with respect to the Cover Pool and the purchase 
and sale by the Guarantor of assets included in the Cover Pool.

--- Page 223 ---
223 
 
Under the Cover Pool Management Agreement, starting from the Issue Date of the first Series of Covered 
Bonds and until the date on which all Series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have 
been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms, each Seller (and failing the Seller to 
do so, the other Seller(s) and, failing the other Seller(s), the Issuer) has undertaken to procure that on any Test 
Calculation Date each of the Statutory Tests is met with respect to the Cover Pool. In addition, on each Test 
Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice 
(but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice) the Test Calculation Agent shall verify that the 
Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement is met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Test Calculation Agent shall verify – on 
the basis of the information made available to it in accordance with the Transaction Documents – that (a) the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Test Calculation Date and (b) the Exposure Assets Limit has 
been correctly computed within the calculation of the Statutory Test Date on each Test Calculation and on any 
other date on which the verification of the Exposure Assets Limit is required pursuant to the Transaction 
Documents. 
Furthermore, on each Test Calculation Date following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service 
of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to service of a Guarantor Default Notice) the Test Calculation Agent shall 
verify that the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement is met with respect to the Cover Pool. 
The Test Calculation Agent has agreed to prepare and deliver to the Issuer, the Sellers, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agencies and the Asset Monitor a report setting out, 
inter alia, the calculations carried out by it with respect of the Statutory Tests, the Liquidity Buffer Target 
Amount, the Exposure Assets Limit, the Amortisation Test and the Minimum OC Requirement (these latter to 
the extent carried out pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement) (the "Test Performance Report"). 
Such Test Performance Report shall specify the occurrence of a breach of the Statutory Tests and/or the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or of the Amortisation Test and or the Minimum OC Requirement 
providing details with respect to the relevant calculations including, inter alia, the qualitative and quantitative 
aspects of the shortfall in the Cover Pool that caused the relevant Test to be breached. 
In addition, if, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Assets Limit is not 
correctly computed, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Sellers, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach (sending a new Test 
Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). 
If the Test Calculation Agent notifies the breach of any Test, during the Test Grace Period, the Guarantor will 
purchase Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets, to be transferred by (a) the relevant Seller(s); and/or (b), the 
other Sellers; or (c) upon the occurrence of the circumstances set out below, the Issuer, in an aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure, also taking into account the information provided by the Test Calculation Agent in the Test 
Performance Report notifying the relevant breach, that as of the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the 
Test Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. 
Each Seller, jointly and severally, has undertaken to transfer and sell Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets to the Guarantor, in the aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that, as of the Test Calculation Date 
falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, all Tests are satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. The Issuer 
will identify the relevant Seller or the other Sellers which shall transfer Eligible Assets and/or Integration 
Assets to the Guarantor. 
To the extent that, within 20 (twenty) Business Days from the Guarantor Calculation Date in which the breach 
of the Tests has occurred, the Guarantor has not received a contractual proposal by the relevant Seller and/or 
the other Sellers in respect of such Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to be transferred, the Issuer has

--- Page 224 ---
224 
 
undertaken to transfer Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to the Guarantor, in the aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure that, as of the Test Calculation Date falling at the end of the Test Grace Period, all Tests are 
satisfied with respect to the Cover Pool. 
For the purpose of allowing the Guarantor to fund the purchases referred to above: 
(a) 
each relevant Seller and the other Sellers, in their capacity as Subordinated Loan Provider, have 
undertaken to advance to the Guarantor a Subordinated Loan in accordance with the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement in an amount equal to the purchase price to be paid by the Guarantor 
for the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to be transferred by such relevant Seller or other 
Seller, also acknowledging that the Total Commitment set out from time to time under the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement shall not be a limitation with respect to the Relevant Seller's or other 
Seller’s obligation to advance the Subordinated Loans to the Guarantor in order to fund the purchase 
price for the relevant Eligible Assets and Integration Assets; and 
(b) 
the Issuer has undertaken to advance a subordinated loan to the Guarantor on substantially the same 
terms as provided for under the Subordinated Loan Agreements in an amount equal to the purchase price 
to be paid by the Guarantor for the Eligible Assets and/or Integration Assets to be transferred by the 
Issuer. 
If, within the Test Grace Period, the relevant breach of the Tests is not remedied in accordance with the terms 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders will deliver: 
1. 
an Issuer Default Notice to the Issuer and the Guarantor; or 
2. 
a Guarantor Default Notice, if an Issuer Default Notice has already been served (provided that, should 
such Issuer Default Notice consist of an Article 74 Event, it has not served an Article 74 Event Cure 
Notice). 
Upon receipt of an Issuer Default Notice or a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor shall dispose of the 
assets included in the Cover Pool. 
After the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, but prior to service of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, the Guarantor may sell, refinance or otherwise liquidate the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets included in the Cover Pool as long as the sale does not cause a breach of the Amortisation 
Test, subject to the rights of pre-emption in favour of (i) the Seller who had previously transferred such Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets to the Guarantor, (ii) one or more different Sellers selected by the 
Substitute Servicer of the Master Servicer (if any), in consultation with the Issuer, and (iii) the Issuer (other 
than in case of the Issuer Event of Default consists of an Insolvency Event occurring with respect to the Issuer), 
in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, provided that, in case the Issuer Event of Default 
consists of an Article 74 Event, such provisions will only apply for as long as the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders will have delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice. 
The Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets to be sold or liquidated will be selected from the 
Cover Pool by the Master Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor (any such Eligible Assets and Liquid Assets 
together with any relevant Integration Assets, the "Selected Assets") and the proceeds from any sale of 
Selected Assets (including for the purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount) will be (i) credited 
to the Cash Reserve Account and applied as part of the Guarantor Available Funds in accordance with the 
applicable Priority of Payments; or (ii) after the occurrence of the event indicated under letter (a) of the 
definition of the Issuer Event of Default, applied to redeem the Covered Bonds which payment has been 
deferred until the Extended Maturity Date, pursuant to item (v)(Fifth) of the Guarantee Priority of Payments. 
The Selected Assets shall be selected on a random basis and so to ensure that the Amortisation Test will be

--- Page 225 ---
225 
 
satisfied both prior to and following the sale or liquidation of the relevant Selected Assets and repayment of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds. 
Before offering Selected Assets for sale or liquidating them, the Guarantor shall ensure that the Selected 
Assets have an aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance in an amount which is as close as possible to: 
1. 
the Outstanding Principal Amount in respect of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds; minus 
2. 
principal amounts standing to the credit of the Collection Account; 
excluding, with respect to item 2 above, all amounts to be applied on the next following Guarantor Payment 
Date to repay higher ranking amounts in the applicable Priority of Payments (the "Required Outstanding 
Principal Balance"). 
The Guarantor will offer the Selected Assets for sale or liquidate them for the best price or proceeds reasonably 
available but in any event for an amount not less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance (the 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount"). 
If the Selected Assets have not been sold or otherwise liquidated in an amount equal to the Required 
Outstanding Principal Balance Amount by the date which is six months prior to, as applicable, the Maturity 
Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended Maturity Date) or the Extended 
Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an Extended Maturity Date) of the 
Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds, and the Guarantor does not have sufficient other funds standing to the 
credit of the Accounts available to repay the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds (after taking into account all 
payments, provisions and credits to be made in priority thereto), then the Guarantor will offer the Selected 
Assets or part thereof for sale or liquidate them for the best price reasonably available notwithstanding that 
such price may be less than the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount and provided that the 
Guarantor will sell or liquidate further Selected Assets as are necessary to generate proceeds at least equal to 
the Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount. 
With respect to any sale or liquidation to be carried out  in accordance with the foregoing (including for the 
purpose of meeting the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount), the Guarantor shall instruct the Portfolio Manager (as 
defined below) — to the extent possible taking into account the time left before the Maturity Date or Extended 
Maturity Date (if applicable) of the Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds — to sell or liquidate any Integration 
Assets or Liquid Assets included in the Selected Assets before any Eligible Assets are sold in accordance 
herewith. 
The Guarantor may offer for sale or otherwise liquidate part of any portfolio of Selected Assets (a "Partial 
Portfolio"). Except in certain circumstances described in the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the sale 
price or liquidation proceeds of the Partial Portfolio (as a proportion of the Required Outstanding Principal 
Balance Amount) shall be at least equal to the proportion that the Partial Portfolio bears to the relevant 
portfolio of Selected Assets. 
Upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Guarantor will through a tender process (to be carried 
out by the Guarantor Corporate Servicer on behalf of the Guarantor, provided however that the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer shall never be responsible against any person whatsoever for the tender process and 
selection of the portfolio manager) appoint a portfolio manager (the "Portfolio Manager") of recognised 
standing on a basis intended to incentivise the Portfolio Manager to achieve the best proceeds for the sale or 
liquidation of the Selected Assets (if such terms are commercially available in the market) and to advise it in 
relation to the sale to purchasers (except where a Seller is buying the Selected Assets in accordance with its 
right of pre-emption under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement) or liquidation of the Selected Assets. The 
terms of the agreement giving effect to the appointment in accordance with such tender, as well as the terms

--- Page 226 ---
226 
 
and conditions of the sale of the Selected Assets, shall be approved by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders (which may, but will never be obliged to, seek instructions from the Covered Bondholders to this 
end, in accordance with the Transaction Documents and the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders). 
Following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice consisting of an Article 74 Event, the obligation of the 
Guarantor to sell or liquidate Selected Assets, as described above, shall cease to apply starting from the date on 
which the Representative of the Covered Bondholders delivers to the Issuer, the Sellers, the Guarantor and the 
Asset Monitor an Article 74 Event Cure Notice in accordance with the provisions of the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. 
Following the delivery by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice, the 
Guarantor shall immediately sell or liquidate all assets included in the Cover Pool (other than cash deposits) in 
accordance with the procedures described above and the proceeds thereof will be applied as Guarantor 
Available Funds, provided that the Guarantor (or, in the absence, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders) will instruct the Portfolio Manager to use all reasonable endeavors to procure that such sale or 
liquidation is carried out as quickly as reasonably practicable taking into account the market conditions at that 
time. 
In addition, pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement: 
a) if, on any Test Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon notice of the 
Test Calculation Agent sent in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer 
may and/or one or more Sellers, as indicated by the Issuer, shall, as soon as possible: (i) sell Liquid 
Assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and, to this extent, 
shall grant the funds necessary for payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreement; and/or (ii) repurchase Assets by exercising the 
call option provided for under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement in accordance with, and subject 
to the terms, set out therein, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer 
Target Amount is reached as soon as practicable; 
b) if, on any date until the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, the Exposure Assets Limit is not 
correctly computed, the Test Calculation Agent shall give notice to the Issuer, the Sellers, the 
Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Asset Monitor of such breach 
(sending a new Test Performance Report with such amount correctly computed). In addition, upon 
indication of the Issuer (i) one or more Sellers as indicated by the Issuer shall sell or procure to sell 
sufficient Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets (other than cash deposits) to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, using the “Incassi Effettivi in Conto 
Capitale” for the payment of the purchase price of the assets; and/or (ii) the Guarantor shall reimburse 
the Subordinated Loans in accordance with the Subordinated Loan Agreements and the other 
Transaction Documents; (iii) upon instructions of the Guarantor, the Account Bank shall invest part of 
the Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit in securities eligible under article 129, 
paragraph 1, letters (a) and (b), of CRR, in an aggregate amount sufficient to ensure that the Exposure 
Assets Limit is complied with as soon as practicable and in any event within one month following the 
delivery of the notice of the Test Calculation Agent; and 
c) if, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the 
Issuer and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default Notice), on 
any Test Calculation Date or on any other date on which the verification of Minimum OC Requirement 
is required pursuant to the Transaction Documents, the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached in 
accordance with the provisions of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, then the Guarantor, acting

--- Page 227 ---
227 
 
upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who shall act upon instructions 
of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders), shall (i) give instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts 
standing to the Investment Account in Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form 
of securities eligible under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR and/or; (ii) instruct the 
Portfolio Manager to sell a sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum 
OC Requirement. 
Governing law 
The Cover Pool Management Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
The Swap Agreements 
Liability Swap Agreements 
The Guarantor may enter into one or more Liability Swap Agreements on or about each Issue Date of a Series 
of Covered Bonds with one or more Liability Swap Providers to hedge certain interest rate, currency and other 
risks in respect of amounts payable by the Guarantor in respect of the Series of Covered Bonds issued on that 
Issue Date. The aggregate notional amount of the Liability Swap Agreements entered into on each Issue Date 
shall be linked to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
Under the Liability Swap Agreements, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, it is expected that the Guarantor will pay to the Liability Swap Provider an amount calculated 
by reference to the notional amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds multiplied by either a fixed rate 
or a floating rate, possibly increased by a margin. In return, it is anticipated that the Liability Swap Provider(s) 
will pay to the Guarantor, on the payment dates elected in the relevant confirmation, under the relevant 
Liability Swap Agreement, an amount calculated by reference to the notional amount multiplied by a rate 
linked to the interest rate applicable to the relevant Series of Covered Bonds. 
It is intended that each Liability Swap Agreement would terminate on the date corresponding to the Maturity 
Date of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series and may or may not take account of any extension of the 
Maturity Date under the terms of such Series of Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Liability Swap 
Agreement. 
Asset Swap Agreements 
Some of the Mortgage Loans in the portfolio purchased by the Guarantor from each Seller from time to time 
will pay a variable rate of interest and other Mortgage Loans will pay a fixed rate of interest. The Guarantor 
may enter into an Asset Swap Agreement to mitigate variations between the rate of interest payable on the 
Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool and the relevant benchmark rate and to ensure sufficient funding of the 
payment obligations of the Guarantor. 
Rating Downgrade Event 
Under the terms of each Swap Agreement, in the event that the rating(s) of a Swap Provider or its credit support 
provider are downgraded by a Rating Agency below the rating(s) specified in the relevant Swap Agreement (in 
accordance with the criteria of the Rating Agencies), then such Swap Provider will, in accordance with the 
relevant Swap Agreement, be required to take certain remedial measures which may include: 
(a) 
providing collateral for its obligations under the Swap Agreement, or 
(b) 
arranging for its obligations under the relevant Swap Agreement to be transferred to an entity with the 
ratings required by the relevant Rating Agency in order to maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, or

--- Page 228 ---
228 
 
(c) 
procuring another entity, with the ratings meeting the relevant Rating Agency's criteria in order to 
maintain the rating of the Covered Bonds, to become a guarantor in respect of such Swap Provider’s 
obligations under the Swap Agreement. 
A failure by the relevant Swap Provider to take such steps within the time periods specified in the Swap 
Agreement may allow the Guarantor to terminate the relevant Swap Agreement(s). 
Any Swap Provider that does not have the adequate rating on the day of entry into a Swap Agreement shall 
have its obligations to the Guarantor under the relevant Swap Agreement guaranteed by an appropriately rated 
entity. 
Swap Agreement Credit Support Document 
Each Swap Agreement will be supplemented and complemented by a credit support document in the form of 
the ISDA 1995 Credit Support Annex (Transfer English Law) to the ISDA Master Agreement (a "Credit 
Support Annex"). The Credit Support Annex will provide that the relevant Swap Provider, if required to do 
so following its downgrade or the downgrade of its credit support provider and subject to the conditions 
specified in such Credit Support Annex, will transfer collateral (“Swap Collateral”), and the Guarantor will 
be obliged to return equivalent collateral in accordance with the terms of the Swap Agreement. 
Cash and securities (and all income in respect thereof) transferred as collateral will only be available to be 
applied in returning collateral (and income thereon) or in satisfaction of amounts owing by the relevant Swap 
Provider in accordance with the terms and within the limits of the Swap Agreement. 
Any Swap Collateral will be returned by the Guarantor to the relevant Swap Provider directly in accordance 
with the terms of the Swap Agreement Credit Support Document and not under the Priorities of Payments. 
Governing law 
The Swap Agreements and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection therewith are 
governed by English Law. 
Mandate Agreement 
On 15 July 2021, the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders entered into a mandate 
agreement (the "Mandate Agreement"), as from time to time amended, pursuant to which the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders shall be authorised, subject to a Guarantor Default Notice being delivered to the 
Guarantor or upon failure by the Guarantor to exercise its rights under the Transaction Documents and, subject 
to certain conditions, to exercise, in the name and on behalf of the Guarantor, in the interest of the Covered 
Bondholders and for the benefit of the Other Creditors all the Guarantor's right with reference to certain 
Transaction Documents. 
Governing law 
The Mandate Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Pledge 
On 15 July 2021, the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors 
entered into the Deed of Pledge, as from time to time amended and extended, under which, without prejudice 
and in addition to any security, guarantee and other right provided by the Law 130 and the Deed of Charge 
securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, 
the Guarantor has pledged in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all monetary claims 
and rights and all the amount arising (including payment for claims, indemnities, damages, penalties, credits 
and guarantees) to which the Guarantor is or will be entitled to from time to time pursuant to certain 
Transaction Documents, as amended and restated from time to time, with the exclusion of the Cover Pool

--- Page 229 ---
229 
 
and the Collections. The security created pursuant to the Deed of Pledge will become enforceable upon the 
service of a Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Pledge is governed by Italian law. 
Deed of Charge 
The Guarantor has entered into the Deed of Charge, as from time to time amended, with the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders. Pursuant to the Deed of Charge, without prejudice and in addition to any security, 
guarantees and other rights provided for in the Law 130 securing the discharge of the Guarantor's obligations to 
the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, the Guarantor will charge and assign in favour of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders as trustee for the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors all 
right, title, benefit and interest in or to the Back-Up Accounts, the Back-Up Account Bank Agreement and the 
Custody Agreement. The security created by the Deed of Charge will become enforceable upon the service of a 
Guarantor Default Notice. 
Governing law 
The Deed of Charge is governed by English law. 
Corporate Services Agreement 
The Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor have entered into a corporate services agreement with the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer on 15 July 2021 (the "Corporate Services Agreement"), as from time to time 
amended, pursuant to which the Guarantor Corporate Servicer has agreed to provide certain corporate and 
administrative services to the Guarantor. 
Governing law 
The Corporate Services Agreement is governed by Italian law. 
Quotaholders' Agreement 
For a description of the Quotaholders' Agreement, see "The Guarantor". 
Accession to the Programme by Additional Sellers 
On 25 May 2022, Banca della Marca Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa, Banco Fiorentino -  Mugello 
Impruneta Signa - Credito Cooperativo – Società Cooperativa, Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Binasco - Credito 
Cooperativo Società Cooperativa, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate – Società 
Cooperativa, Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma - Credito Cooperativo – S.c., have acceded to the 
following transaction documents, as Additional Sellers, Additional Servicers and Subordinated Loan Providers: 
i) 
the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, 
ii) 
the Master Servicing Agreement, 
iii) 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement,  
iv) 
the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement,  
v) 
the Programme Agreement,  
vi) 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement,  
vii) 
the Intercreditor Agreement,  
viii) 
the Deed of Pledge,

--- Page 230 ---
230 
 
ix) 
the Master Definitions Agreement. 
On 25 May 2022, each Additional Seller indicated above has entered into with the Guarantor a Subordinated 
Loan Agreement. 
Furthermore, on 22 December 2022, each of Banco di Credito Cooperativo di Roma - Società Cooperativa and 
Credito Padano Banca di Credito Cooperativo - Società Cooperativa has acceded to the same transaction 
documents referred to above, as Additional Sellers and Additional Servicers, and has entered into with the 
Guarantor a Subordinated Loan Agreement as Subordinated Loan Providers.For a description of the main 
provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, please see paragraph “Subordinated Loan Agreement”.

--- Page 231 ---
231 
 
 
CREDIT STRUCTURE 
The Covered Bonds will be direct, unsecured, unconditional obligations of the Issuer. The Guarantor has no 
obligation to pay the Guaranteed Amounts under the Covered Bond Guarantee until the occurrence of an 
Issuer Event of Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of an Issuer Default 
Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor or, if earlier, following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of 
Default, service by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor. 
There are a number of features of the Programme which enhance the likelihood of timely and, as applicable, 
ultimate payments to Covered Bondholders, as follows: 
 
the Covered Bond Guarantee provides credit support to the Issuer; 
 
the Statutory Tests are periodically performed with the intention of ensuring that the Cover Pool is at all 
times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds; 
 
the Amortisation Test is periodically performed, following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, for the purpose of testing the 
asset coverage of the Guarantor's assets in respect of the Covered Bonds;  
 
the verification of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is periodically performed with the intention of 
ensuring at all times that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is equal to 
or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 
days; 
 
the verification of the Minimum OC Requirement (i) prior to occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default 
and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, performed as part of the 
Nominal Value Test on each Test Calculation Date and (ii) following the occurrence of an Issuer Event 
of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor, performed in 
addition to the Amortisation Test for the purpose of testing verify that the Minimum OC Requirement is 
met on each Test Calculation Date; 
 
the Cash Reserve Account will be established which will build up over time using excess cash flow from 
Interest Available Funds and Principal Available Funds, in order to ensure that the Guarantor will have 
sufficient funds set aside to fulfil its obligation to pay interest accruing with respect to the Covered 
Bonds or the Swap Agreements; and 
 
the swap agreements that may be entered into in order to hedge certain interest rate, currency or other 
risks, in respect of amounts received and amounts payable by the Guarantor. 
Certain of these factors are considered more fully in the remainder of this section.  
Guarantee 
The Covered Bond Guarantee provided by the Guarantor guarantees payment of Guaranteed Amounts when 
they become due for payment in respect of all Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. 
See "Overview of the Transaction Documents — Covered Bond Guarantee" above, as regards the terms of the 
Covered Bond Guarantee. See "Cashflows — Guarantee Priority of Payments" further, as regards the payment 
of amounts payable by the Guarantor to Covered Bondholders and the Other Issuer’s Creditors following the 
occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
Compliance with the Tests

--- Page 232 ---
232 
 
Under the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement, each Seller (and failing which, the other Seller(s), 
failing which, the Issuer) must ensure that, on each Test Calculation Date, the Cover Pool is in compliance with 
the Tests described below. If on any Test Calculation Date the Cover Pool is not in compliance with the Tests, 
then the Sellers (and failing which, the other Seller(s), failing which, the Issuer ) will sell Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets to the Guarantor for an amount sufficient to allow the Tests, to be met on the next following 
Test Calculation Date, in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement, to be financed through the proceeds of Subordinated Loans to be granted by the 
Relevant Seller(s), and/or the Issuer and/or the other Seller(s) (each only in respect of the Eligible Assets and/or 
Integration Assets transferred by it — see "The Cover Pool Management Agreement"). 
Statutory Tests 
The Statutory Tests are intended to ensure that the Guarantor can meet its obligations under the Covered Bond 
Guarantee. In order to ensure that the statutory tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 (the 
"Statutory Tests") are satisfied and that the Cover Pool is at all times sufficient to repay the Covered Bonds, 
each Seller (and failing the Seller to do so, the Other Sellers, and failing the Other Sellers, the Issuer) must 
procure that the three tests set out below are satisfied on each Test Calculation Date. 
Nominal Value Test  
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify that, on each Test Calculation Date, the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal Balance of the Cover Pool shall be higher than or equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of all 
Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with 
their Final Terms at the relevant Test Calculation Date by applying the following formula:  
A* (AP) + B + C ≥D 
where,  
"D" stands for the Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme 
and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period. 
For the purpose of the above, the Test Calculation Agent shall consider the Outstanding Principal Balance of 
the Cover Pool as an amount equal to the "Nominal Value", which will be calculated on each Test Calculation 
Date, by applying the following formula: 
A* (AP) + B + C 
where, 
"A" stands for the "Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan in the Cover Pool as at 
the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period, defined as the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated; and 
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M,  
where 
(i) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.80; 
(ii) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.60; and 
(iii) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are (a) Defaulted Loans or (b) Delinquent Loans in relation to which 
there are one or more Delinquent Receivables having at least one Instalment due and unpaid for

--- Page 233 ---
233 
 
more than 90 days (including any unsecured loans in respect of which a default pursuant to article 
178 of the CRR has occurred), M = 0;   
minus 
the aggregate sum of the following deemed reductions to the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance 
of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool, if any of the following occurred during the previous Calculation 
Period: 
(1) 
a Mortgage Loan (or any security granted in relation thereto, the "Related Security") was, in the 
immediately preceding Calculation Period, in breach of the representations and warranties contained in 
the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement or was subject to any other obligation of the relevant Seller to 
repurchase the relevant Mortgage Loan and its Related Security, and in each case the relevant Seller has 
not repurchased the Mortgage Loan or Mortgage Loans of the relevant Debtor to the extent required by 
the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement (each such loan being an "Affected Loan"). In this 
event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool 
(as calculated at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Affected Loan or 
Affected Loans (as calculated at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period); and/or 
(2) 
the Issuer or any other Seller, in the preceding Collection Period, was in breach of any other material 
warranty under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or the Master Servicer or any Servicer was, in 
the preceding Calculation Period, in breach of a material term of the Master Servicing Agreement. In this 
event, the aggregate Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance of the Mortgage Loans in the Cover Pool 
(as calculated at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period) will be deemed to be reduced 
by an amount equal to the resulting financial loss incurred by the Guarantor in the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period (such financial loss to be calculated by the Guarantor or on its behalf without double 
counting and to be reduced by any amount paid (in cash or in kind) to the Guarantor by the Issuer, the 
relevant Seller and/or the Master Servicer or any Servicer to indemnify the Guarantor for such financial 
loss); 
multiplied by the AP; 
“B” stands for the principal amount standing to the credit of the Investment Account, the Transitory Collection 
Accounts and the Liquidity Buffer Account, the principal amounts of any Eligible Assets, Liquid Assets and 
Integration Assets qualifying as Eligible Investments up to the Exposure Assets Limit as applicable, and all 
amounts under item (vii)(Seventh) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments; 
“C” stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets other than Mortgage Loans subject to the Exposure Assets Limit subject to the Exposure Assets 
Limit and excluding any uncollateralised claim in case a default pursuant to article 178 of the CRR occurs. 
Asset Percentage 
“AP” stands for the "Asset Percentage" which means (A) as long as any Series issued prior to the 
Implementation Date is outstanding the lower of (i) 93 per cent; and (ii) such other percentage figure as may 
be determined by the Issuer in accordance with the methodologies published by the Rating Agencies; (B) 
following the redemption in full of any Series issued prior to the Implementation Date, 95 per cent or in any 
case the asset percentage corresponding to the Minimum OC Requirement, or such lower asset percentage 
figure as determined from time to time by the Issuer in accordance with the methodologies published by the 
Rating Agencies.

--- Page 234 ---
234 
 
The Issuer shall also include in the Investors Report the indication of the actual overcollateralization 
included in the Programme as of the previous Test Calculation Date.  
Net Present Value Test 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify on each Test Calculation Date that the Net Present Value Test is met 
with respect to the Cover Pool. The Net Present Value Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Test 
Calculation Date, the Net Present Value of the Cover Pool (taking into account any Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for the 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test), net of the transaction costs to be borne by the Guarantor 
(including the payments of any nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any Swap Agreement, if 
applicable) shall be higher than or equal to the net present value of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under 
the Programme and not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms at the relevant Test 
Calculation Date. The Net Present Value Test will be calculated by applying the following formula: 
A+B-C≥ D 
where, 
"D" stands for the net present value of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms at the end of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period. 
The "Net Present Value" is an amount equal to: 
A + B - C 
where: 
“A” stands for the net present value of (i) all Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets comprised in 
the Cover Pool; and (ii) all principal amounts collected in respect of the Cover Pool and credited to the 
Collection Account as at the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period subject to the Exposure Assets 
Limit; 
“B” stands for the net present value of each Asset Swap Agreement and Liability Swap Agreement, if any; and 
“C” stands for the net present value of all payments to be made by the Guarantor pursuant to items from 
(i)(First) to (iv)(Fourth) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments (including the 
Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs). 
Interest Coverage Test  
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify that on each Test Calculation Date the amount of interest and other 
revenues generated by the assets included in the Cover Pool (taking into account any Integration Assets and/or 
Liquid Assets in excess of the Exposure Assets Limit pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for the 
purposes of complying with the Nominal Value Test), net of the costs borne by the Guarantor (including the 
payments of any nature expected to be borne or due with respect to any Swap Agreement, if any), shall be 
higher than the amount of interest due on all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and not 
cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms at the relevant Test Calculation Date, taking 
into account the Swap Agreements entered into in connection with the Programme, if any.  
The Interest Coverage Test will be considered met if, on the relevant Test Calculation Date, the Expected 
Revenue Income (as defined below) is in an amount equal to or greater than the Expected Revenue Liability (as 
defined below), both as calculated on the relevant Test Calculation Date.

--- Page 235 ---
235 
 
The "Expected Revenue Income" will be an amount calculated on each Test Calculation Date by applying the 
following formula: 
A+B+C+D 
where, 
"A" stands for the aggregate interest amount standing to the credit of the Collection Account (including 
interests accrued on the balance standing to the credit of such Account), the interest amount standing to the 
credit of the Transitory Collection Accounts (including interest accrued on the balance standing to the credit of 
such Account), and the interest amount standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account (including 
interest accrued on the balance standing to the credit of such Account), as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period subject to the Exposure Assets Limit; 
"B" stands for any payments that the Guarantor is expected to receive under any Swap Agreement from the end 
of the immediately preceding Collection Period Date to the date falling 12 months thereafter;  
"C" stands for the interest component of all the Instalments – relating to the Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets comprised in the Cover Pool – falling due from the end of the preceding Collection Period to 
the date falling 12 months thereafter (such interest payments to be calculated with respect to the interest rate as 
of the end of the preceding Collection Period); and 
“D” stands for any amount in respect of interest expected to be received from the Eligible Investments existing 
as of such date.  
The "Expected Revenue Liability" will be an amount calculated on each Test Calculation Date by applying 
the following formula: 
E+F+G 
where, 
"E" stands for the aggregate amount of all interest payments due under all outstanding Series of Covered Bonds 
on the Interest Payment Dates falling in the period starting from the end of the immediately preceding 
Collection Period to the date falling 12 months thereafter); 
"F" stands for any Senior Liabilities expected to be borne by the Guarantor during the period starting from the 
end of the immediately preceding Collection Period and ending on the date falling 12 months thereafter; and 
"G" stands for any payments expected to be borne or due by the Guarantor under any Swap Agreement from 
the end of the immediately preceding Collection Period to the date falling 12 months thereafter); 
The Interest Coverage Test will:  
(i) 
be met if A+B+C+D ≥ E+F+G; or  
(ii) 
not be met if A+B+C+D < E+F+G. 
Amortisation Test  
The Amortisation Test is intended to ensure that, following an Issuer Event of Default and the service of an 
Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and on the Guarantor (but prior to service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor 
Default Notice), the Cover Pool contains sufficient assets to enable the Guarantor to meet its obligations under 
the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Amortisation Test will be considered met if the Amortisation Test Aggregate 
Loan Amount is an amount at least equal to the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued Covered Bonds as 
calculated by applying the following formula on the relevant Test Calculation Date: 
A+B+C≥D

--- Page 236 ---
236 
 
where, 
"D" stands for Outstanding Principal Amount of all Series of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme and 
not cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance with their Final Terms as at the end of the immediately 
preceding Collection Period.  
If the Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount is less than the Outstanding Principal Amount of the issued 
Covered Bonds, then the Amortisation Test will be deemed to be breached and if such breach is not remedied 
by the Relevant Seller(s) (or failing which, the other Seller(s) or, failing the other Seller(s), the Issuer) by the 
immediately following Test Calculation Date, a Guarantor Default Notice will be served by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders on the Guarantor causing the acceleration of the Covered Bonds and a demand for 
enforcement of the Covered Bond Guarantee. The Test Calculation Agent, whilst Covered Bonds are 
outstanding, will immediately notify the Representative of the Covered Bondholders of any breach of the 
Amortisation Test. Following a Guarantor Default Notice, the Guarantor will be required to make payments in 
accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments. 
The "Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" will be calculated on each Test Calculation Date as 
follows: 
A + B + C 
where, 
"A" 
stands for the aggregate "Amortisation Test Outstanding Principal Balance" of each Mortgage Loan, 
which shall be the lower of: 
(i) 
the actual Outstanding Principal Balance of the relevant Mortgage Loan as calculated as at the end of the 
immediately preceding Collection Period; and 
(ii) 
the Latest Valuation relating to that Mortgage Loan multiplied by M,  
where 
(a) 
for all Residential Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.80; 
(b) 
for all Commercial Mortgage Loans that are not Defaulted Loans, M = 0.60; and 
(c) 
for all Mortgage Loans that are (a) Defaulted Loans or (b) Delinquent Loans in relation to 
which there are one or more Delinquent Receivables having at least one Instalment due and 
unpaid for more than 90 days, M = 0;  
"B" 
stands for the aggregate amount standing to the credit of the Collection Account, the aggregate amount 
standing to the credit of the Investment Account, the Transitory Collection Accounts, the Cash Reserve 
Account, the Liquidity Buffer Account and the aggregate amount of any Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets qualifying as Eligible Investments up to the Exposure Assets Limit, as 
applicable. 
"C" 
stands for the aggregate Outstanding Principal Balance of any Eligible Assets other than Mortgage 
Loans. 
Compliance with the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount 
In accordance with, and pursuant to, article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and the Bank of Italy Regulations, and 
under the for so long as the Covered Bonds remain outstanding, the Issuer shall procure on a continuing basis 
and on each Test Calculation Date, that the amount of Liquid Assets standing to the credit of the Accounts is 
equal to or higher than the maximum cumulative Net Liquidity Outflow of the Programme over the next 180 
days.

--- Page 237 ---
237 
 
In accordance with article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c), of Law 130, the Liquid Assets standing to the 
credit of the Accounts shall be considered to contribute to the Cover Pool, provided that such liquid assets 
satisfy the requirements to qualify as eligible assets set forth in article 7-novies, paragraph 1, letter a), of Law 
130. 
The Test Calculation Agent shall verify - on the basis of the information made available to it in accordance 
with the Transaction Documents – that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is met on each Test Calculation 
Date. 
If, on any Test Calculation Date the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is not reached, upon notice of the Test 
Calculation Agent sent in accordance with the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer may, and/or one 
or more Sellers, as indicated by the Issuer, shall, as soon as possible: (i) sell Liquid Assets to the Guarantor in 
accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and, to this extent, shall grant the funds necessary for 
payment of the purchase price of the assets to the Guarantor in accordance with the Subordinated Loan 
Agreement;; and/or (ii) repurchase Assets by exercising the call option provided for under the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement in accordance with, and subject to the terms, set out therein, in an aggregate amount 
sufficient to ensure that the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount is reached as soon as practicable — see "The 
Cover Pool Management Agreement"). 
Without prejudice to the foregoing, prior to the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default, in order to prevent a 
breach of the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, the Issuer may sell and/or transfer Liquid Assets to the 
Guarantor in accordance with the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and/or grant funds under the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreement to be executed by the Issuer and in accordance with the provisions thereof by 
crediting such Liquid Assets to the Liquidity Buffer Account. 
Minimum OC Requirement  
Following the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default and service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer 
and the Guarantor (but prior to the service on the Guarantor of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Test 
Calculation Agent shall verify (in addition to the Amortisation Test being met) that the Minimum OC 
Requirement is met on each Test Calculation Date. 
If the Minimum OC Requirement is not reached, upon receipt of a notice from the Test Calculation Agent, the 
Guarantor, acting upon instructions of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who shall act upon 
instructions of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered 
Bondholders), shall (i) give instructions to the Account Bank to invest all or part of the amounts standing to the 
Investment Account in Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets in form of securities eligible 
under Article 129 paragraph 1, (a) and (b), of the CRR and/or; (ii) instruct the Portfolio Manager to sell a 
sufficient amount of non eligible assets necessary to reach the Minimum OC Requirement. 
Cash Reserve Account 
The Cash Reserve Account is held in the name of the Guarantor for the purpose of setting aside, on each 
Guarantor Payment Date, the Cash Reserve Amount. Such Cash Reserve Amount will be (a) an amount, 
determined on or prior to each Guarantor Calculation Date, sufficient to ensure that the Guarantor would have 
sufficient funds set aside and readily available to pay in the immediately following six months starting from the 
relevant Guarantor Payment Date (i) interest amounts due in relation to all outstanding series of Covered 
Bonds, plus (ii) all costs and expenses ranking under items (i) to (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; or (b) any other higher amount that may be required by the relevant implementing 
provisions of EU Directive on Covered Bonds and communicated by the Issuer to the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent before each relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. The required Cash Reserve Amount will be credited by 
the Guarantor to the Cash Reserve Accounts on each Guarantor Payment Date in accordance with the Pre-

--- Page 238 ---
238 
 
Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments and the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of 
Payments. 
Set-Off Risk and Commingling Risk 
Pursuant to the Cover Pool Management Agreement, the Issuer has undertaken, upon occurrence of an Issuer 
Downgrading Event, to notify on a quarterly basis the Rating Agencies of each of (i) the Potential Set-Off 
Amount, 
and 
(ii) 
the 
Commingling 
Amount.

--- Page 239 ---
239 
 
 
CASHFLOWS 
As described above under "Credit Structure", until an Issuer Default Notice is served on the Issuer and the 
Guarantor, the Covered Bonds will be obligations of the Issuer only. The Issuer is liable to make payments 
when due on the Covered Bonds, whether or not it has received any corresponding payment from the 
Guarantor. 
This section summarises the cashflows of the Guarantor only, as to the allocation and distribution of amounts 
standing to the credit of the Accounts and their order of priority (all such orders of priority, the "Priority of 
Payments") (a) prior to an Issuer Event of Default and a Guarantor Event of Default, (b) following an Issuer 
Event of Default (but prior to a Guarantor Event of Default) and (c) following a Guarantor Event of Default. 
Definitions 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Interest Available Funds" means, in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of: 
(a) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer or the Servicers in respect of the Cover Pool and credited into 
the Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Master Servicer or the Servicers and credited to the 
Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the Accounts 
during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(d) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap Provider, 
if any, other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(e) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(f) 
the Cash Reserve Amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account;  
(g) 
all amounts on account of interest, premium or other profit deriving from the Eligible Investments up to 
the Eligible Investments Maturity Date immediately preceding the relevant Guarantor Payment Date; 
and 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor Available 
Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of, without 
duplication: 
(a) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer or any Servicer in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible Assets, Integration 
Assets and Liquid Assets during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer or any Servicer and 
credited to the Collection Account; 
(c) 
all principal amounts received from each Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase 
Agreement; 
(d) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets or Integration Assets; 
(e) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements, if any;  
(f) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of 
Payments;

--- Page 240 ---
240 
 
(g) 
before an Issuer Default Notice, the principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer 
Account as indicated in the reimbursement request submitted by the Issuer before the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date, in accordance with the provisions of the Subordinated Loan Agreement executed by the 
Issuer; and 
(h) 
following an Issuer Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Default Notice, all principal amounts 
standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Guarantor and the Issuer or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, Interest Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Interest Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full):  
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor to the extent that such Expenses are not met by utilising the amount standing to the credit of 
the Expenses Account and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the Expenses Account up to the 
Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the 
Swap Collateral Account Bank (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer 
and the Back-Up Servicer (if appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay any amount due and payable to any Swap Provider, if any (including any termination 
payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting 
Party or the Sole Affected Party) other than any principal amount under any relevant Liability Swap 
Agreement (if any); 
(v) 
Fifth, to transfer to the Cash Reserve Account the Cash Reserve Amount; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to allocate to the Principal Available Funds an amount equal to the amounts, if any, allocated on 
the immediately preceding Guarantor Payment Date and on any preceding Guarantor Payment Date 
pursuant to item (i) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, net of any amount 
already allocated under this item (vi) on any previous Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) Seventh, to pay the Base Interest due to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated 
Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(viii) Eighth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider (if any) 
not paid under item (iv) (Fourth) above; and 
(ix) Ninth, to pay any Premium due to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated 
Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements. 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments 
Prior to service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor or service of a Guarantor Default 
Notice on the Guarantor, all Principal Available Funds will be applied by or on behalf of the Guarantor on each 
Guarantor Payment Date in making the following payments and provisions (the “Pre-Issuer Event of Default 
Principal Priority of Payments”): 
(i) 
First, to pay any amount due and payable under items (i) (First) to (iv) (Fourth) of the Pre-Issuer Event 
of Default Interest Priority of Payments to the extent that the Interest Available Funds are not sufficient 
to make the payments in full on such Guarantor Payment Date;

--- Page 241 ---
241 
 
(ii) 
Second, to transfer any amount to the Cash Reserve Account necessary in order to make up any shortfall 
in the Cash Reserve Amount; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay any amount due to any Liability Swap Provider (if any) in respect of principal under any 
relevant Liability Swap Agreement (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Liability Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected 
Party); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to acquire New Portfolio and/or Integration Assets and/or Liquid Assets and/or Eligible Assets 
(other than those funded through the proceeds of a Subordinated Loan) in compliance with the Statutory 
Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, in accordance with the provisions of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay any payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Liability Swap Provider in respect 
of principal under any relevant Liability Swap Agreement and not paid under item (iii) (Third) above 
provided that the Statutory Tests and the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount are met; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to repay the Subordinated Loans advanced by the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant 
Subordinated Loan Agreements in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; and 
(vii) Seventh, to the extent that any Subordinated Loan Provider has not received amounts as repayment of the 
Subordinated Loans under item (vi) (Sixth) above, to deposit the relevant amounts in the Collection 
Account. 
Guarantee Priority of Payments 
On each Guarantor Payment Date after the service of an Issuer Default Notice on the Issuer and the Guarantor 
(but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the Guarantor Available Funds shall be applied on each 
Guarantor Payment Date at the direction of the Guarantor in making the following payments or provisions in 
the following order of priority (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a higher 
priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties to the extent that such Expenses are not met by utilising the amount 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the 
Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay any amount due and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Swap Collateral Account 
Bank (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Back-Up Servicer (if appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount, other 
than in respect of principal, due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the period 
commencing on (and including) such Guarantor Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
immediately following Guarantor Payment Date (the “Guarantor Payment Period”) (i) to any Swap 
Provider (if any) (including any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor except where 
the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); and (ii) on the Covered 
Bonds; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount in respect 
of principal due and payable on such Guarantor Payment Date or during the immediately following 
Guarantor Payment Period (i) to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and 
payable by the Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole 
Affected Party); and (ii) on the Covered Bonds in accordance with the Conditions; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to credit the Liquidity Buffer Account with an amount equal to the difference between (i) the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and (ii) the aggregate of the amounts standing to the credit of the

--- Page 242 ---
242 
 
Liquidity Buffer Account and the nominal value of Liquid Assets which have not matured on or prior to 
such Guarantor Payment Date; 
(vii) Seventh, to deposit in the Cash Reserve Account any cash balances until the Covered Bonds have been 
repaid in full or sufficient amounts have been accumulated to pay outstanding Covered Bonds; 
(viii) Eighth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to the Swap Providers (if 
any) not paid under item (iv) (Fourth) or (v) (Fifth) above; 
(ix) 
Ninth, to pay to the Sellers any amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents, to the extent 
not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(x) 
Tenth, to pay any Base Interest due to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated 
Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(xi) 
Eleventh, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant 
Subordinated Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; and 
(xii) Twelfth, to pay any Premium due to Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated Loans 
in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements.  
Application of Moneys following Occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default 
Following the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default and service of a Guarantor Default Notice on the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Available Funds will be applied in the following order of priority (the “Post-
Enforcement Priority of Payments”) (in each case only if and to the extent that payments or provisions of a 
higher priority have been made in full): 
(i) 
First, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any Expenses of the 
Guarantor owed to third parties to the extent that such Expenses are not met by utilising the amount 
standing to the credit of the Expenses Account and to credit the amount necessary to replenish the 
Expenses Account up to the Retention Amount; 
(ii) 
Second, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due 
and payable to the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the remuneration due to any Receiver 
and any proper costs and expenses incurred by it; 
(iii) 
Third, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, any amount due and 
payable to the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Asset Monitor, the Swap Collateral Account 
Bank (if any), the Principal Paying Agent, the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the Test Calculation 
Agent and the Back-Up Servicer (if appointed); 
(iv) 
Fourth, to pay, pari passu and pro rata, according to the respective amounts thereof, (i) any amount due 
and payable to any Swap Provider (including any termination payments due and payable by the 
Guarantor except where the relevant Swap Provider is the Defaulting Party or the Sole Affected Party); 
and (ii) any interest and any Outstanding Principal Amount due under all outstanding Series of Covered 
Bonds; 
(v) 
Fifth, to pay any termination payments due and payable by the Guarantor to any Swap Provider (if any) 
not paid under item Fourth above; 
(vi) 
Sixth, to pay to the Sellers any amount due and payable under the Transaction Documents, to the extent 
not already paid or payable under other items above; 
(vii) Seventh, to pay any Base Interest due to Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated 
Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; 
(viii) Eighth, to pay any principal due and payable to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant 
Subordinated Loans in accordance with the terms of the Subordinated Loan Agreements; and 
(ix) Ninth, to pay any Premium due to the Subordinated Loan Providers under the relevant Subordinated 
Loans 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
terms 
of 
the 
Subordinated 
Loan 
Agreements.

--- Page 243 ---
243 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE COVER POOL 
The Cover Pool is comprised of (i) the Portfolio, which is in turn comprised of Mortgage Loans and related 
collateral and (ii) any other Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets held by the Guarantor 
assigned to the Guarantor by the Sellers from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement and the provisions of and the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations. 
The Initial Portfolio and each New Portfolio acquired by the Guarantor (the "Portfolio"), consists of Mortgage 
Loans sold by any of the Sellers to the Guarantor from time to time, in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement and the provisions of the Covered Bond Regulations, as more fully described under 
"Overview of the Transaction Documents — Master Loans Purchase Agreement". 
For the purposes hereof: 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by the 
Guarantor from each Seller pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio of Receivables (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets or Liquid Assets, which may be purchased by the Guarantor from any Seller pursuant 
to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Regulations" (Normativa sulle OBG) means Law 130 as amended and supplemented from 
time to time, the Decree 310 (until the Implementation Date), the Bank of Italy Regulations and article 129 of 
CRR and any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended from time to time. 
Eligibility Criteria 
The sale of Receivables and their Related Security and the transfer of any other Eligible Asset, Integration 
Asset or Liquid Assets to the Guarantor will be subject to various conditions (the "Eligibility Criteria") being 
satisfied on the relevant Transfer Date (except as otherwise indicated). The Eligibility Criteria with respect to 
each asset type will vary from time to time but will at all times include criteria so that both Italian law and 
Rating Agencies requirements are met.  
Receivables are considered eligible assets (the “Eligible Assets”). 
“Receivables” means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant Transfer 
Date; 
(ii) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest, including default interest, accrued on the 
Mortgage Loans and not yet collected as at the Transfer Date; 
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the payment of interest (including default interest) on the Mortgage Loans as 
from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, indemnities 
and damages and any other amount due to each Seller in relation to the Mortgage Loans, the Mortgage 
Loan Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to each Seller in the case of 
prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance related thereto, including the 
rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other possible expenses incurred in 
connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in relation to the Mortgage Loans up to 
and as from the relevant Transfer Date;

--- Page 244 ---
244 
 
(v) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in respect of the 
Mortgage Loans of which each Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to any liens (vincoli); 
(vi) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o garanzie 
personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the fidejussioni 
omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection with the Mortgage 
Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Sellers in connection with the Mortgage 
Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
Public Entity Securities are considered integration assets (the “Integration Assets”). 
“Public Entity Securities” means any securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible for 
credit risk mitigation granted by Public Entities as referred to in Article 129, paragraph 1, letter a) and (b) of the 
CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130.  
Eligibility Criteria for Mortgage Loans 
Under the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the relevant Sellers and the Guarantor have agreed the following 
Common Criteria, Specific Criteria and Criteria for the Public Entities Securities (see "Overview of the 
Transaction Documents — Master Loans Purchase Agreement" above) that will be applied in selecting the 
Mortgage Loans that will be transferred thereunder to the Guarantor. 
Common Criteria 
The Receivables included in the Portfolios have been selected on the basis of the following common criteria 
(the “Common Criteria”) as at the Valuation Date (or at the specific date indicated with respect to the relevant 
Common Criteria): 
(i) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans secured by residential real estate up to the lower of the 
principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 80% of the value of the 
secured real estate, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, letter d) of the CRR (a “Residential 
Mortgage Loan”);  
(ii) 
receivables arising from mortgage loans secured by non-residential real estate up to the lower of the 
principal amount of the liens that are combined with any prior liens and 60% of the value of the 
secured real estate, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, letter f) of the CRR (a “Commercial 
Mortgage Loan”); 
(iii) 
receivables arising from Residential Mortgage Loans and Commercial Mortgage Loans (jointly, 
“Mortgage Loans”) which are granted in compliance with the requirements of the CRR; 
(iv) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans denominated in Euro; 
(v) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans classified by the relevant Seller as “in bonis” pursuant to the 
relevant supervisory regulations enacted by the Bank of Italy; 
(vi) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans deriving from Mortgage Loan Agreements with reference to 
which at least an Instalment has been paid; 
(vii) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans secured by a mortgage in favour of the relevant Seller which 
is (i) a legal first ranking mortgage, or (ii) an economic first ranking mortgage, which means: (a) 
mortgages ranking subordinated to the legal first ranking mortgages, provided that all obligations 
secured by mortgage/mortgages with a prevailing ranking, had been fully satisfied as at the Valuation 
Date; (b) mortgages ranking subordinated to the legal first ranking provided that all mortgages with 
prevailing ranking (save for any mortgages with prevailing ranking whose secured obligations had been

--- Page 245 ---
245 
 
fully satisfied as at the Valuation Date) are registered in favour of the same Seller as a security for 
claims that satisfy all the other Criteria related to the relevant Seller; 
(viii) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans in relation to which the pre-amortization period is fully 
elapsed as required by the relating Mortgage Loan Agreement; 
(ix) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans not deriving from subsidised loans or which do not benefit of 
contributions or other benefits in relation to principal or interest in compliance with the law or 
conventions (the so-called “Mutui agevolati” and “Mutui convenzionati”); 
(x) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans granted to natural person, which, as at the date of the 
disbursement of the Mortgage Loan, were employees of the relevant Seller (a “Staff Mortgage 
Loan”); 
(xi) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans not deriving from mortgage loan agreements qualified as 
agricultural loans (“credito agrario”) pursuant to article 43 of the Consolidated Banking Act, neither in 
case the agricultural credit transaction has been executed through an agricultural promissory note 
(“cambiale agraria”); 
(xii) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans fully disbursed for which there is no obligation to disburse 
any further amount; 
(xiii) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans in relation to which the principal debtors are natural person 
resident in Italy or domiciled in Italy, and in any case resident in the European Economic Area; 
(xiv) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans that are secured by a mortgage created over real estate assets 
located in the Republic of Italy in accordance with applicable laws and regulations; 
(xv) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans in respect of which the hardening period (“periodo di 
consolidamento”) applicable to the relevant mortgage has elapsed and the relevant mortgage is not 
capable of being challenged pursuant to article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law or article 166 of the Crisis 
and Insolvency Code and, if applicable, of article 39, fourth paragraph of the Consolidated Banking 
Act; 
(xvi) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans granted or acquired by the relevant Seller;  
(xvii) receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which are governed by Italian law; 
(xviii) receivables arising from Mortgage Loans in relation to which the Mortgage Loan Agreements do not 
provide for any clauses limiting the possibility for the relevant Seller to assign the receivables arising 
thereunder or providing the Debtor's consent for such assignment and the relevant Seller has obtained 
such consent; 
(xix) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans which provide for the payment by the Debtor of monthly, 
bimonthly, quarterly, four-monthly, semi-annual or annual instalments; 
(xx) 
receivables arising from Mortgage Loans in relation to which the relevant borrower benefits from (i) 
rescheduling or suspension of payments agreements (including moratoriums) in accordance with 
applicable legislation or agreements entered into by the Italian Banking Association or other trade 
associations to which the relevant Seller is a party, or voluntary suspension programmes started by the 
relevant Seller, exclusively in order to deal with states of emergency and/or calamitous events (both 
natural and man-made) or major economic crisis of national importance; (ii) voluntary suspension 
agreements entered into by the relevant Seller in order to deal with states of emergency and/or 
particular concern, including those of local relevance (the “Renegotiated Mortgage Loans”). 
Specific Criteria

--- Page 246 ---
246 
 
All Receivables included in any relevant Portfolio shall also comply with the Specific Criteria which shall be 
identified from time to time by each relevant Seller. 
Criteria for the Public Entities Securities 
The Public Entity Securities included in the Portfolios meet the following criteria (the “Public Entity 
Securities Criteria”) as at the Valuation Date: 
a) 
securities issued by public entities, including ministerial bodies and local or regional bodies, of the 
Admitted States within for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent. is applicable in accordance 
with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks— standardised approach;  
b) 
securities issued by public entities, located outside the Admitted States, for which a 0 per cent. risk 
weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — 
standardised approach; 
c) 
securities issued by regional or local public entities or non-economic administrative entities, located 
outside the Admitted States, for which a risk weight not exceeding 20 per cent. is applicable in 
accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for Banks — standardised approach, 
provided that, the aggregate of the securities described under item b) and c) above and the receivables whose 
debtors are the same entities mentioned in item b) and c), may be included in the Portfolios only up to a limit of 
10% of the nominal value of the residual debt of the other Eligible Assets included in the Portfolio.

--- Page 247 ---
247 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN RELEVANT LEGISLATION IN ITALY 
The following is a general description of the legislation that may be relevant to investors in assessing the 
Covered Bonds, including recent legislation affecting the rights of mortgage borrowers. It does not purport to 
be a complete analysis of the legislation described below or of the other considerations relating to the Covered 
Bonds arising from Italian laws and regulations. Furthermore, this summary is based on Italian Legislation as 
in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change, potentially with retroactive effect. 
This description will not be updated to reflect changes in laws. Accordingly, prospective Covered Bondholders 
should consult their own advisers as to the risks arising from Italian legislations that may affect any assessment 
by them of the Covered Bonds. 
The legal framework before 31 March 2023 
Italian Law 130 of 30 April 1999 was enacted on 30 April 1999 and was conceived to simplify the 
securitisation process and to facilitate the increased used of securitisation as a financing technique in the 
Republic of Italy. 
Law Decree No. 35 of 14 March 2005, converted by Law No. 80 of 14 May 2005, amended the Italian Law 130 
of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry into force of Bank of Italy Instructions by adding two new 
articles, Articles 7-bis and 7-ter, which enable banks to issue covered bonds. Articles 7-bis and 7-ter in view of 
issuing covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite), however, required both the Italian Ministry of 
Economy and Finance and the Bank of Italy to issue specific regulations before the relevant structures could be 
implemented. 
The Italian Law 130 was further amended by Law Decree no. 145 of 23 December 2013 as converted with 
amendments into Law n. 9 of 21 February 2014 and by Law Decree no. 91 of 24 June 2014 as converted with 
amendments into Law No. 116 of 11 August 2014 and by Law Decree no. 34 of 30 April 2019, as converted 
with amendments into Law No. 58 of 28 June 2019  
The Bank of Italy published new supervisory regulations on banks in December 2013 (Circolare of the Bank of 
Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013) which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing CRD IV Package 
and setting out additional local prudential rules concerning matters not harmonised on EU level. Following the 
publication on 25 June 2014 of the 5th update to Circular of the Bank of Italy No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
which added a new Chapter 3 (“Obbligazioni bancarie garantite”) in Part III contained therein, the provisions 
set forth under Title V, Chapter 3 of Circolare No. 263 of 27 December 2006 have been abrogated. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations introduced provisions, among other things, regulating: 
(i) 
the capital adequacy requirements that issuing banks must satisfy in order to issue covered bonds and 
the ability of issuing banks to manage risks; 
(ii) 
limitations on the total value of eligible assets that banks, individually or as part of a group, may transfer 
as cover pools in the context of covered bond transactions; 
(iii) 
criteria to be adopted in the integration of the assets constituting the cover pools; 
(iv) 
the identification of the cases in which the integration is permitted and its limits; and 
(v) 
monitoring and surveillance requirements applicable with respect to covered bond transactions and the 
provision of information relating to the transaction. 
The legal framework after 31 March 2023 
On 18 December 2019, the following provisions were published on the Official Journal of the European Union:

--- Page 248 ---
248 
 
(iii) 
Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the 
issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 
2014/59/EU (the “EU Covered Bond Directive”); and 
(iv) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2160 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 
amending Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 as regards exposures in the form of covered bonds (the “EU 
Covered Bond Regulation”). 
The EU Covered Bond Regulation and the EU Covered Bond Directive amended certain provisions of the CRR 
on covered bonds and introduced standards on the issuance of covered bonds and covered bond public 
supervision. More in particular, the new EU Covered Bond Regulation makes certain amendments to the CRR 
to strengthen the quality of the covered bonds eligible for favorable capital treatment, and the new EU Covered 
Bond Directive aims to harmonize the regulation and treatment of covered bonds across EU Member States. 
Pursuant to the EU Covered Bond Directive, Member States had to implement the EU Covered Bond Directive 
by 8 July 2021 and the transposing provisions shall apply from 8 July 2022 at the latest. The EU Covered Bond 
Regulation shall apply from 8 July 2022. 
On 8 May 2021, the Law No. 53 of 22 April 2021 (the “European Delegated Law 2019-2020”) has entered 
into force. It delegates the Italian Government to implement – inter alia – the EU Covered Bond Directive. 
According to the European Delegated Law 2019-2020:  
(iv) 
the Bank of Italy is the competent authority for the supervision on covered bonds; 
(v) 
the implementing provisions shall provide for the exercise of the option granted by Article 17 of the 
EU Covered Bond Directive, allowing for the issue of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; and 
(vi) 
the implementing provisions shall grant the Bank of Italy with the power to exercise the option to set 
for covered bonds a minimum level of overcollateralization lower than the thresholds set out under 
Article 1 of the EU Covered Bond Regulation (i.e. 2% or 5% depending on the assets included in the 
cover pool). 
The EU Covered Bond Directive was transposed into the Italian legal framework by means of Legislative 
Decree 5 November 2021, n. 190 (the “Legislative Decree 190/2021”) which modified Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 and entered into force on December 1st, 2021. 
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 designated the Bank of Italy as the competent authority for the public 
supervision of the covered bonds, and entrusted it with the issuing of the implementing provisions of the Title 
I-bis of Law 130, as amended, by 8 July 2022, in accordance with article 3, paragraph 2, of Legislative Decree 
190/2021 (the “Implementing Provisions”).  
The Legislative Decree 190/2021 repealed, inter alia, articles 7-bis, 7-ter and 7-quater of Law 30 April 1999, 
n.130 (as applicable until the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions) and introduced the new Title I-
bis of the Law 30 April 1999, n.130, which sets out the legislative framework applicable to covered bonds 
issued as of the adoption by the Bank of Italy of new the supervisory instructions set out in Part III, Chapter 3 
of the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche” dated 30 March 2023 (Circolare No. 285 of 17 December 
2013), as amended from time to time (the “Circolare 285”). 
In this respect, it is worth mentioning that the national legislator chose to exercise the following options 
provided by the EU Covered Bond Directive: (i) the possibility not to apply the liquidity requirement of the 
cover pool limited to the period covered by the liquidity requirement provided for in Delegated Regulation 
(EU) 2015/61; (ii) the possibility of allowing the issuance of covered bonds with extendable maturity 
structures; (iii) the possibility of allowing the calculation of the liquidity requirement of the cover pool in case

--- Page 249 ---
249 
 
of programs with extendable maturity by taking as a reference the final maturity date for the payment of 
principal. 
On 30 March 2023 the Bank of Italy published the Implementing Provisions, entering into force on 31 March 
2023, and amending the Circolare 285 with regard, inter alia, to the definition of (i) the criteria for the 
assessment of the eligible assets and the conditions for including covered bonds among eligible assets for 
derivative contracts with hedging purposes; (ii) the procedures for calculating hedging requirements; (iii) the 
conditions for establishing new issuance programmes; (iv) giving the possibility also to banks with credit rating 
3 to act as counterparties of a derivative contract with hedging purposes; (v) the reduction of the minimum level 
of over-collateralization for covered bonds (i.e. 2% instead of 5%), deciding not to exercise such optionality 
(vi) the conditions for issuing under already existing programme as of the date of the entry into force of the 
Implementing Provisions. 
In accordance with the Legislative Decree 190/2021:  
(i) 
until the entry into force of the Bank of Italy Instructions (i.e., 31 March 2023),  covered bonds have 
been issued pursuant to article 7-bis of the Law No. 130  of 30 April 1999 as applicable until the entry 
into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy Regulation, the Decree of the 
Ministry of Economy and Finance of 14 December 2006, No. 310 (the “Decree 310”), the previous 
version of the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the “Disposizioni di Vigilanza per 
le Banche” relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) under Part III, Chapter 3, of the 
Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013 and the previous version of article 129 of the CRR; and 
(ii) 
as of the entry into force of the Implementing Provisions amending the Bank of Italy Regulations (i.e., 31 
March 2023), covered bonds will be issued pursuant to the provisions of Title I-bis of the Law 130, the 
new Bank of Italy Regulations, as amended, and the Article 129 of the CRR, as amended by the EU 
Covered Bond Regulation. 
Basic structure of a covered bond issue 
The structure provided under Title I-bis of Law 130 with respect to the issue of covered bonds may be 
summarised as follows: 
 
a bank transfers a pool of eligible assets pursuant to Law 130 and Article 129 of the CRR (i.e. the cover 
pool) to an Article 7-septies special purpose vehicle (the "SPV"); 
 
the bank grants the SPV a subordinated loan in order to fund the payment by the SPV of the purchase 
price due for the cover pool; 
 
the bank issues the covered bonds which are supported by a first demand, unconditional, autonomous and 
irrevocable guarantee issued by the SPV for the exclusive benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and 
the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. The guarantee is backed by the entire cover pool 
held by the SPV. 
Title I-bis of Law 130 however also allows for structures which contemplate different entities acting 
respectively as cover pool provider, subordinated loan provider and covered bonds issuer. 
The SPV 
The Italian legislator chose to implement the new legislation on covered bonds by supplementing the Italian 
Securitisation Law, thus basing the new structure on a well established platform and applying to covered bonds 
many provisions with which the market is already familiar in relation to Italian securitisations. Accordingly, as 
is the case with the special purpose entities which act as issuers in Italian securitisation transactions, the SPV is 
required to be established with an exclusive corporate object that, in the case of covered bonds, must be the

--- Page 250 ---
250 
 
purchaser of assets eligible for cover pools and the person giving guarantees in the context of covered bond 
transactions.  
The guarantee 
The Article 7-quaterdecies provides that the guarantee issued by the SPV for the benefit of the bondholders 
must be irrevocable, first-demand, unconditional, and independent from the obligations of the issuer of the 
covered bonds. Furthermore, upon the occurrence of a default by the issuer in respect of its payment obligations 
under the covered bonds, the SPV must provide for the payment of the amounts due under the covered bonds, 
in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the amounts available to the SPV from the 
cover pool. The acceleration of the issuer's payment obligations under the covered bonds will not therefore 
result in a corresponding acceleration of the SPV's payment obligations under the guarantee (thereby preserving 
the maturity profile of the covered bonds). 
Upon an insolvency of the issuer, the SPV will be solely responsible for the payment obligations of the issuer 
owed to the covered bond holders, in accordance with their original terms and with limited recourse to the 
amounts available to the SPV from the cover pool. In addition, the SPV will be exclusively entitled to exercise 
the rights of the covered bond holders vis à vis the issuer's bankruptcy in accordance with the applicable 
bankruptcy law. Any amount recovered by the SPV from the bankruptcy of the issuer become part of the cover 
pool. 
Finally, if a moratorium is imposed on the issuer's payments, the SPV will fulfil the issuer's payment 
obligations, with respect to amounts which are due and payable and with limited recourse to the cover pool. 
The SPV will then have recourse against the issuer for any such payments. 
Segregation and subordination 
Article 7-octies of Law 130 provides that the assets comprised in the cover pool and the amounts paid by the 
debtors with respect to the receivables and/or debt securities included in the cover pool are exclusively 
designated and segregated by law for the benefit of the holders of the covered bonds and the hedging 
counterparties involved in the transaction. 
In addition, Article 7-octies of Law 130 expressly provides that the claim for reimbursement of the loan granted 
to the SPV to fund the purchase of assets in the cover pool is subordinated to the rights of the covered bond 
holders and of the hedging counterparties involved in the transaction. 
Exemption from claw-back 
Article 7-octies provides that the guarantee and the subordinated loan granted to fund the payment by the SPV 
of the purchase price due for the cover pool are exempt from the bankruptcy claw-back provisions set out in 
Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942) or, after the entry into force of the 
Crisis and Insolvency Code, Article 166 of the Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
In addition to the above, any payments made by an assigned debtor to the SPV may not be subject to any claw-
back action according to Article 65 and Article 67 of the Bankruptcy Law (Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 
1942) or, after the entry into force of the Crisis and Insolvency Code, Article 166 or Article 164, paragraph 1 of 
the Crisis and Insolvency Code. 
The Cover Pool 
For a description of the assets which are considered eligible for inclusion in a cover pool under Article 7-novies 
of the Law 130, see "Description of the Cover Pool – Eligibility Criteria".  
Ratio between cover pool value and covered bond outstanding amount.

--- Page 251 ---
251 
 
Article 7-undecies of Law 130 provides that the cover pool provider and the issuer must continually ensure that, 
throughout the transaction: 
 
the aggregate nominal value of the cover pool is at least equal to the nominal amount of the relevant 
outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the net present value of the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the SPV, including in 
relation to hedging arrangements) is at least equal to the net present value of the relevant outstanding 
covered bonds; 
 
the interest and other revenues deriving from the cover pool (net of all the transaction costs borne by the 
SPV) are sufficient to cover interest and costs due by the issuer with respect to the relevant outstanding 
covered bonds, taking into account any hedging agreements entered into in connection with the 
transaction. 
It being understood that, for the calculations of the mandatory tests, the issuing bank shall comply, inter alia, 
with the following criteria:  
(i) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter a) of the Law 130, unsecured receivables, in the event 
of a default pursuant to Article 178 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013, shall not contribute to the 
calculations of the mandatory tests; 
(ii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter b) of the Law 130, the costs related to maintenance 
and administration for the winding-down of the covered bonds programme may be calculated as a lump 
sum;  
(iii) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter c) of the Law 130, the liquid assets (as defined under 
Article 7-duodecies of Law 130) shall contribute to the calculations of the mandatory tests provided that 
they comply with the conditions for qualifying as eligible assets set out under Article 7-novies, paragraph 
1, letter (a), of the Law 130; 
(iv) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter d) of the Law 130, the calculation of the interest 
generated by the assets included in the cover pool and the interest due by the Issuer on the OBG 
outstanding shall be made on the basis of prudent criteria and criteria consistent with the applicable 
accounting principles;  
(v) 
pursuant to Article 7-undecies, paragraph 2, letter f) of the Law 130, the methodologies for the 
calculation of the numerator and denominator of the mandatory tests are based on criteria consistent with 
each other.  
In addition, pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 3a, of the CRR, in addition to being collateralised by the Assets, 
covered bonds shall be subject to a minimum level of 5% of overcollateralisation.  
The liquidity buffer 
Pursuant to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 1 of the Law 130, the Issuer ensures on an ongoing basis, for the 
entire duration of the cover bond programme, that the segregated assets include a liquidity reserve that is at 
least equal to the maximum cumulative net outflow of liquidity over the next 180 days.  
The liquidity buffer reserve is composed of the following liquid assets having the characteristics set forth in 
Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, of Law 130: 
(a) 
high quality liquid assets (as identified in Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61);

--- Page 252 ---
252 
 
(b) 
exposures with an original maturity of ninety days or less to credit institutions that qualify for credit 
quality steps 1 or 2 or short-term exposures to credit institutions that are classified for credit quality 
steps 1, 2 or 3 in accordance with Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (c) of the CRR. 
In respect of the above, under the Bank of Italy Regulations, strict monitoring procedures are imposed on banks 
for the monitoring of the transaction and of the adequacy of the guarantee on the cover pool. Such activities 
must be carried out both by the relevant bank and by an asset monitor, to be appointed by the bank, which is an 
independent accounting firm. The asset monitor must prepare and deliver to the issuing bank's s board of 
auditors and the Bank of Italy, on an annual basis, a report detailing its monitoring activity and the relevant 
findings. 
The Bank of Italy Regulations require banks to carry out the monitoring activities described above at least 
every 6 months with respect to each covered bond transaction. Furthermore, the internal auditors of banks must 
comprehensively review every 12-months the monitoring activity carried out with respect to each covered bond 
transaction, basing such review, among other things, on the evaluations supplied by the asset monitor. 
In addition to the above, pursuant to the Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the management body of the 
issuing bank must ensure that the internal structures delegated to the risk management verify at least every six 
months and for each transaction completeness, accuracy and timeliness of information available to investors 
pursuant to Section V of the Bank of Italy Regulations. 
In order to ensure that the monitoring activities above may be appropriately implemented, the Bank of Italy 
Regulations require that the entities participating in covered bond transactions be bound by appropriate 
contractual undertakings to communicate to the issuing bank, the cover pool provider and the entity acting as 
servicer in relation to the cover pool assets all the necessary information with respect to the cover pool assets 
and their performance. 
Substitution of assets 
The Bank of Italy Regulations provide that the substitution of the eligible assets comprised in the cover pool is 
permitted provided that such option is expressly provided for in the programme and in the issuance prospectus. 
Public disclosure  
Pursuant to Article 7-septiesdecies of the Law 130, the issuing bank shall publish, at least quarterly, including 
on its website and in accordance with the implementing provisions of the Bank of Italy, information on 
issuance programmes in order to enable investors to perform an informed assessment of the issuances and the 
associated risks.  
Section V of the Bank of Italy Regulations, which sets out the relevant information to be provided to the 
investors.  
Taxation 
Article 7-vicies ter provides that any tax is due as if the granting of the subordinated loan and the transfer of the 
cover pool had not taken place and as if the assets constituting the cover pool were registered as on-balance 
sheet assets of the cover pool provider, provided that: 
 
the purchase price paid for the transfer of the cover pool is equal to the most recent book value of the 
assets constituting the cover pool; and 
 
the subordinated loan is granted by the same bank acting as cover pool provider. 
The provision described above would imply, as a main consequence, that banks issuing covered bonds will be 
entitled to include the receivables transferred to the cover pool as on-balance receivables for the purpose of tax

--- Page 253 ---
253 
 
deductions applicable to reserves for the depreciation on receivables in accordance with Article 106 of 
Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
Usury Law 
Italian Law number 108 of 7 March 1996, as amended by law decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 (the "Usury Law") 
introduced legislation preventing lenders from applying interest rates equal to or higher than rates (the "Usury 
Rates") set every three months on the basis of a Decree issued by the Italian Treasury. In addition, even where 
the applicable Usury Rates are not exceeded, interest and other advantages and/or remuneration may be held to 
be usurious if: (i) they are disproportionate to the amount lent (taking into account the specific circumstances of 
the transaction and the average rate usually applied for similar transactions) and (ii) the person who paid or 
agreed to pay was in financial and economic difficulties. The provision of usurious interest, advantages or 
remuneration has the same consequences as non-compliance with the Usury Rates. In certain judgements issued 
during 2000, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) ruled that the Usury Law applied both to loans 
advanced prior to and after the entry into force of the Usury Law. 
On 29 December 2000, the Italian Government issued law decree No. 394 (the “Decree 394), converted into law 
by the Italian Parliament on 28 February 2001, which clarified the uncertainty about the interpretation of the 
Usury Law and provided, inter alia, that interest will be deemed to be usurious only if the interest rate agreed 
by the parties exceeded the Usury Rates at the time when the loan agreement or any other credit facility was 
entered into or the interest rate was agreed. The Decree 394, as interpreted by the Italian Constitutional Court 
by decision No. 29 of 14 February 2002, also provided that as an extraordinary measure due to the exceptional 
fall in interest rates in 1998 and 1999, interest rates due on instalments payable after 31 December 2000 on 
fixed rate loans (other than subsidised loans) already entered into on the date such decree came into force (such 
date being 31 December 2000) are to be substituted, except where the parties have agreed to more favourable 
terms, with a lower interest rate set in accordance with parameters fixed by such decree by reference to the 
average gross yield of multiannual treasury bonds (Buoni Tesoro Poliennali) in the period from January 1986 to 
October 2000. 
According to recent court precedents of the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione), the remuneration of 
any given financing must be below the applicable Usury Rate from time to time applicable. Based on this 
recent evolution of case law on the matter, it will constitute a breach of the Usury Law if the remuneration of a 
financing is lower than the applicable Usury Rate at the time the terms of the financing were agreed but 
becomes higher than the applicable Usury Rate at any point in time thereafter. Furthermore, those court 
precedents have also stated that default interest rates are relevant and must be taken into account when 
calculating the aggregate remuneration of any given financing for the purposes of determining its compliance 
with the applicable Usury Rate. That interpretation is in contradiction with the current methodology for 
determining the Usury Rates, considering that the relevant surveys aimed at calculating the applicable average 
rate never took into account the default interest rates. On 3 July 2013, also the Bank of Italy has confirmed in 
an official document that default interest rates should be taken into account for the purposes of the Statutory 
Usury Rates and has acknowledged that there is a discrepancy between the methods utilised to determine the 
remuneration of any given financing (which must include default rates) and the applicable Statutory Usury 
Rates against which the former must be compared. 
To solve such a contrast between different Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) decisions, a recent 
decision by the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 24675 dated 18 
July 2017) finally stated that interest rates which were compliant with the Usury Rate as at the time of the 
execution of the financing agreements but exceeded such threshold thereafter, are lawful also from a civil law 
perspective falling outside of the scope of the Usury Law. In this respect, due to the recent date of this last 
decision, it remains unclear how such decision will be applied by the merit courts.

--- Page 254 ---
254 
 
In addition, the Italian Supreme Court (Corte di Cassazione) joint sections (Sezioni Unite) (n. 19597 dated 18 
September 2020) stated that, in order to assess whether a loan complies with the Usury Law, also default 
interest rates shall be included in the calculation of the remuneration to be compared with the Usury Rates. In 
this respect, should that remuneration be higher than the Usury Rates, only the ‘type’ of rate which determined 
the breach shall be deemed as null and void. As a consequence, the entire amount referable to the rate which 
determined the breach of said threshold shall be deemed as unenforceable according to the last interpretation of 
the Supreme Court. 
Compounding of interest 
Pursuant to article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code, in respect of a monetary claim or receivable, accrued interest 
may be capitalised after a period of not less than six months or from the date when any legal proceedings are 
commenced in respect of that monetary claim or receivable. Article 1283 of the Italian Civil Code allows 
derogation from this provision in the event that there are recognised customary practices to the contrary. Banks 
and other financial institutions in the Republic of Italy have traditionally capitalised accrued interest on a 
quarterly basis on the grounds that such practice could be characterised as a customary practice. However, a 
number of recent judgements from Italian courts (including judgements from the Italian Supreme Court (Corte 
di Cassazione) have held that such practices may not be defined as customary practices. Consequently if 
Debtors were to challenge this practice, it is possible that such interpretation of the Italian Civil Code would be 
upheld before other courts in the Republic of Italy and that the returns generated from the relevant Mortgage 
Loans may be prejudiced. 
In this respect, it should be noted that Article 25, paragraph 3, of legislative decree No. 342 of 4 August 1999 
(“Decree No. 342”), enacted by the Italian Government under a delegation granted pursuant to law No. 142 of 
19 February 1992, has considered the capitalisation of accrued interest (anatocismo) made by banks prior to the 
date on which it came into force (19 October 1999) to be valid. After such date, the capitalisation of accrued 
interest is no longer possible upon the terms established by a resolution of the CICR issued on 22 February 
2000. Law No. 342 has been challenged and decision No. 425 of 17 October 2000 of the Italian Constitutional 
Court has declared as unconstitutional under the provisions of Law No. 342 regarding the validity of the 
capitalisation of accrued interest made by banks prior to the date on which Law No. 342 came into force. 
Recently, article 17 bis of law decree 18 of 14 February 2016 as converted into Law no. 49 of 8 April 2016 
amended article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated Banking Act, providing that the accrued interest shall 
not produce further interests, except for default interests, and are calculated exclusively on the principal 
amount. On 8 August 2016, the decree no. 343 of 3 August 2016 issued by the Minister of Economy and 
Finance, in his quality of President of the CICR, implementing article 120, paragraph 2, of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, has been published. Given the novelty of this new legislation and the absence of any 
jurisprudential interpretation, the impact of such new legislation may not be predicted as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 255 ---
255 
 
 
TAXATION 
Prospective purchasers of Covered Bonds are advised to consult their tax advisers as to the consequences, under the tax 
laws of the countries of their respective citizenship, residence or domicile, of a purchase of Covered Bonds, including, but 
not limited to, the consequences of receipt of payments under the Covered Bonds and their disposal or redemption. 
Italian taxation  
The following is an overview of current Italian law and practice relating to the taxation of the Covered Bonds. The 
statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Italy as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are 
subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive basis.  
Prospective purchasers should be aware that tax treatment depends on the individual circumstances of each Covered 
Bondholder: as a consequence they should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences under Italian tax law and 
under the tax laws of the country in which they are resident for tax purposes and of any other potentially relevant 
jurisdiction of acquiring, holding and disposing of Covered Bonds and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or 
other amounts under the securities, including in particular the effect of any state, regional or local tax laws. 
The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be 
relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Covered Bonds and does not purport to deal with 
the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or 
commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Covered Bonds. This overview does not describe the tax consequences for an 
investor with respect to Covered Bonds that provide payout linked to the profits of the Issuer, profits of other company of the 
group or profits of the business in relation to which they are issued. 
Interest and other proceeds from Covered Bonds that qualify as bonds or instruments similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (“Decree No. 239”), as subsequently amended, provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from certain securities issued, inter alia, by 
Italian resident banks, falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli 
similari alle obbligazioni). 
For these purposes, debentures similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and that do not give any right to 
directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to which they are 
issued nor any type of control on the management. 
Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Covered Bonds are connected (unless he has opted for the application of the “risparmio gestito” 
regime – see “Capital Gains Tax” below), (b) a non-commercial partnership, pursuant to article 5 of the Italian 
Income Consolidated Code (“TUIR”) (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership and 
similar entities) (c) a non-commercial private or public institution (other than Italian undertakings for collective 
investment), or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, interest, premium and other 
income (other than capital gains) (“Interest”) relating to the Covered Bonds, accrued during the relevant 
holding period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26%. In 
the event that the Covered Bondholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial

--- Page 256 ---
256 
 
activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax. Interest 
will be included in the relevant beneficial owner’s Italian income tax return and will be subject to Italian 
ordinary income taxation and the imposta sostitutiva may be recovered as a deduction from Italian income tax 
due. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a company or similar commercial entity or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected and the 
Covered Bonds are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Covered Bonds will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Covered Bondholder’s annual income tax 
return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (“IRES”), generally levied at the rate of 
24%. Banks and other financial institutions will be subject to an additional corporation tax levied at the rate of 
3.5%. In certain circumstances, subject to the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also regional tax on 
productive activities (“IRAP”) may apply. IRAP is generally levied at the rate of 3.9% while banks or other 
financial institutions will be subject to IRAP at the special rate of 4.65%; in any case regions may vary the 
IRAP rate by up to 0.92%.  
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund subject to the tax 
regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983 (the “Fund”), a SICAV or a non-real estate SICAF and the 
Covered Bonds are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the 
Covered Bonds will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the management results of the 
Fund, the SICAV or the non-real estate SICAF accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund, the SICAV or 
the non-real estate SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, will 
apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law No. 410 
of 23 November 2001 (“Decree 351”), Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment funds 
created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and supplemented, and 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the “Real Estate SICAFs”) 
are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the real estate investment 
fund or the Real Estate SICAF.  
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 
17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Covered Bonds are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Covered Bonds and accrued during the holding period will not 
be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period, to be subject to a 20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. 
substitute tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law.  
Pursuant to Decree No. 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Società di intermediazione mobiliare 
(“SIMs”), fiduciary companies, Società di gestione del risparmio (“SGRs”), stockbrokers and other entities

--- Page 257 ---
257 
 
identified by a decree of the Ministry of Economics and Finance (each an “Intermediary”) as subsequently 
amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary to be entitled to apply the imposta sostitutiva, must (i) be (a) resident in Italy or (b) resident 
outside Italy, with a permanent establishment in Italy or (c) an entity or a company not resident in Italy, acting 
through a system of centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue 
of the Italian Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree No. 
239; and (ii) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Covered Bonds. For the 
purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Covered Bonds includes any assignment or 
other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change in ownership of the relevant Covered 
Bonds or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Covered Bonds are deposited. 
Where the Covered Bonds are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any entity paying interest to a Covered Bondholder. If Interest on the Covered Bonds are not 
collected through an Intermediary or any entity paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the 
Italian resident beneficial owners listed above will be required to include Interest in their yearly income tax 
return and subject them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26%. 
Non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
Where the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, an exemption from imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the 
non-Italian resident beneficial owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy; or (b) an institutional investor that is resident in a country 
which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, even if it does not possess the status of a 
taxpayer in its own country of residence; or, independently by the relevant country of tax residence, (c) an 
international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in 
Italy; or (d) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State. 
It should be noted that, pursuant to Article 11 of Decree No. 239, the countries which allow for a satisfactory 
exchange of information with Italy are those countries listed in the Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as 
amended by Italian Ministerial Decree dated 23 March 2017, and as amended from time to time (the “White 
List Country”). Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance holds the right to test the actual compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange 
of information obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative 
countries. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% to Interest accrued during the holding period, when 
the Covered Bondholders are resident, for tax purposes, in countries which does not qualify as a White List 
County. The imposta sostitutiva may be reduced by applicable double tax treaty, if any. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident investors must be the beneficial owners of the payments 
of interest, premium or other proceeds and (a) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Covered Bonds or the coupons 
with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with 
a non-resident operator of a clearing system having appointed as its agent in Italy for the purposes of Decree 
239 an Italian resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM 
or a non-Italian resident bank or SIM which are in contact via computer with the Ministry of Economy and 
Finance and (b) file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Covered 
Bonds, a statement of the relevant Covered Bondholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in 
which the Covered Bondholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with

--- Page 258 ---
258 
 
international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or 
entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set 
forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended.  
Payments made by an Italian resident guarantor 
There is no authority directly on point regarding the Italian tax regime of payments made by an Italian resident 
guarantor under the Guarantee. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that the Italian revenue authorities will 
not assert an alternative treatment of such payments than that set forth herein or that the Italian court would not 
sustain such an alternative treatment. 
With respect to payments on the Covered Bonds made to certain Italian resident Covered Bondholders by an 
Italian resident Guarantor, in accordance with one interpretation of Italian tax law, any payment of liabilities 
equal to interest and other proceeds from the Covered Bonds may be treated, in certain circumstances, as a 
payment by the relevant Issuer and will thus be subject to the tax regime described in the previous paragraphs 
of this section. 
In accordance with another interpretation, any such payment made by the Italian resident Guarantor may be 
subject to an advance or final withholding tax at a rate of 26% pursuant to Presidential Decree No. 600 of 29 
September 1973, as subsequently amended. In the case of payments to non-Italian resident bondholders, double 
taxation treaties entered into by Italy may apply allowing for a lower (or, in certain cases, nil) rate of 
withholding tax. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Covered Bonds that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni), debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), shares or securities similar to 
shares pursuant to Article 44 of TUIR may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. For 
this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at 
maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and that do not give any right to directly 
or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in relation to which the securities 
were issued, nor to control the same. 
In the case of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident issuer, where the Covered Bondholder is: 
(a) 
an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected; 
(b) 
an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; 
(c) 
a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; 
(d) 
an Italian commercial partnership; or 
(e) 
an Italian commercial private or public institution, 
such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be 
exempt from any income taxation, including the 26 withholding tax, on Interest relating to the Covered Bonds 
qualifying as atypical securities if such Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth by Italian law.

--- Page 259 ---
259 
 
In all other cases, including when the Covered Bondholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a 
final withholding tax. For non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced 
by any applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of residence of the relevant Covered 
Bondholder. 
Capital Gains Tax 
Any gain obtained from the disposal of the Covered Bonds would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Covered Bondholder, also as part of the net value of 
the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including 
the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Covered Bonds are connected) or Italian 
resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Covered Bonds are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Covered Bondholder is (i) an individual not holding the Covered Bonds in connection 
with an entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Covered Bondholder from the disposal of the Covered Bonds 
would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26%. Under some conditions and limitations, 
Covered Bondholders may set off losses with gains. In respect of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, 
taxpayers may opt for one of the three regimes described below: 
a) 
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for taxation 
of capital gains realised by Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on 
capital gains will be chargeable, on a yearly cumulative basis, on all capital gains, net of any offsettable 
capital loss, realised by the relevant Covered Bondholder pursuant to all disposals of the Covered 
Bonds carried out during any given tax year. These Covered Bondholders must indicate the overall 
capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in their annual tax return 
and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. 
Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of 
the four succeeding tax years.  
b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Covered Bondholders under 
(i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each 
disposal of the Covered Bonds (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the 
Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, “Decree No. 461”). Such 
separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Covered Bonds being deposited with an 
Intermediary and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being made timely in 
writing by the relevant Covered Bondholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta 
sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each disposal of the Covered Bonds, net of any 
incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf 
of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Covered 
Bondholder or using funds provided by the Covered Bondholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a disposal of the Covered Bonds results in a capital loss, such loss may be 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same 
tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the 
Covered Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
c) 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Covered Bondholders under (i) to (iii) above who have 
entrusted the management of their financial assets, including the Covered Bonds, to an authorised 
Intermediary and have opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 
of Decree No. 461) will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a 26% substitute tax, to be paid by the

--- Page 260 ---
260 
 
managing authorised Intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of the 
managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed 
assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Covered 
Bondholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian real estate fund to which the provisions 
of Decree 351, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and 
Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, apply or a Real Estate SICAF will be subject 
neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund or the 
Real Estate SICAF.. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder which is a Fund (as defined above), a SICAV or a SICAF 
will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund, the 
SICAV or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, will apply, 
in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Covered Bondholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result 
of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20% substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains realised upon 
sale or redemption of the Covered Bonds may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax if the Covered Bonds are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law. 
A 26 per cent. imposta sostitutiva may be payable on capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the 
Covered Bonds by non-Italian resident persons without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are effectively connected, if the Covered Bonds are held in Italy. 
However, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders without a permanent 
establishment in Italy to which the Covered Bonds are effectively connected, from the disposal of Covered 
Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are not subject to Italian taxation, provided that the Covered Bonds 
are transferred on regulated markets, and in certain cases subject to the timely filing of required documentation 
(in particular, a self-declaration that the Covered Bondholder is not resident in Italy for tax purposes) with 
Italian qualified intermediaries (or permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) with which the 
Covered Bonds are deposited, even if the Covered Bonds are held in Italy and regardless of the provisions set 
forth by any applicable double tax treaty. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders not holding the Covered Bonds through a 
permanent establishment in Italy from the disposal of Covered Bonds not transferred on regulated markets are 
not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) is resident in a White List 
Country; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves

--- Page 261 ---
261 
 
of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is resident in a White List Country, even if it does not 
possess the status of a taxpayer in its own country of residence. 
If none of the conditions above are met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Covered Bondholders 
from the disposal of Covered Bonds issued by an Italian resident Issuer are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at 
the current rate of 26%. 
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Covered Bonds are connected, who may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Covered Bonds are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the disposal of 
Covered Bonds. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, bonds or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows: 
a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law of a direct lineage or after 
relatives-in-law of a collated lineage up to the third degree are subject to an inheritance and gift tax 
applied at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift;  
c) 
transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6% inheritance and gift tax on the value of the 
inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and 
d) 
any other transfer, in principle, is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% on the 
entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, mentioned above 
in (a), (b), (c) and (d) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the registration tax as follows: (a) public deeds and 
notarized deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at rate of €200; (b) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax only in case of use (caso d’uso), explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13(2-ter) of the Tariff, Annex A, Part I, of the Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 
1972, as amended from time to time, a proportional stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic 
reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their clients for the securities deposited therewith. 
As of 1 January 2014, stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20% and, for taxpayers different from individuals, 
cannot exceed €14,000. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount of the securities held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the 
Bank of Italy on 20 June 2012, as subsequently amended and supplemented) of an entity that exercises in any 
form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory. The communication is deemed to be 
sent to the customers at least once a year, even for instruments for which it is not mandatory.

--- Page 262 ---
262 
 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18-23) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including società 
semplici or similar partnerships pursuant to Article 5 of  TUIR holding the securities outside the Italian territory 
are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20% for each year. The wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 
per year for taxpayers other than individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value of such financial assets held outside the Italian 
territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the 
State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes 
(foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related requirements. 
The Issuer is a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions (including the 
Republic of Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it 
makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as Covered 
Bonds, including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on instruments such as Covered Bonds, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such 
as Covered Bonds, such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which 
final regulations defining foreign passthrough payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register. Further 
Covered Bonds characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date on 
which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are filed with the U.S. Federal Register generally 
would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date. 
However, if additional Covered Bonds (as described under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds—
Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously issued Covered Bonds are issued after the 
expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under FATCA, then withholding agents 
may treat all Covered Bonds, including the Covered Bonds offered prior to the expiration of the 
grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. In the event any withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Covered Bonds, no person will be 
required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Covered Bonds. 
The proposed European Union financial transaction tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate.

--- Page 263 ---
263 
 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Covered Bonds (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and 
subscription of Covered Bonds should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Covered Bonds 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member 
State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a 
broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member 
State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member 
State. 
Joint statements issued by participating Member States indicate an intention to implement the FTT. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate. Prospective holders of the Covered Bonds are advised to seek their own 
professional advice in relation to the EU FTT.

--- Page 264 ---
264 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Covered Bonds may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Covered Bonds may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and 
purchased by, Dealers are set out in the Programme Agreement. Under the Programme Agreement, the Issuer 
and the Dealer(s) have agreed that any Covered Bonds of any Series which may from time to time be agreed 
between the Issuer and any Dealer(s) to be issued by the Issuer and subscribed for by such Dealer(s) shall be 
issued and subscribed for on the basis of, and in reliance upon, the representations, warranties, undertakings 
and indemnities made or given or provided to be made or given pursuant to the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Covered Bonds, the price at which such Covered Bonds will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions 
or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The 
Programme Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers 
and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Subscription Agreement 
Any subscription agreement between the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
relevant Dealer and/or any additional or other dealers, from time to time for the sale and purchase of Covered 
Bonds (a “Subscription Agreement”) will, inter alia, make provision for the price at which the relevant 
Covered Bonds will be purchased by the relevant Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if 
any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. Each Subscription Agreement will also 
provide for the confirmation of the appointment of the Representative of the Covered Bondholders by the 
relevant Dealer as initial holder of the Covered Bonds then being issued. 
European Economic Area 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds, as the case 
may be, which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of the MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the Directive (UE) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to 
decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms of any Covered Bond specifies “Prohibition of Sale to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not

--- Page 265 ---
265 
 
Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a "Relevant State"), each 
Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds 
which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it may make an offer of such Covered 
Bonds to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Covered Bonds to the public" in relation to any 
Covered Bonds in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe the Covered Bonds. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended, the 
“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 
2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii) 
 not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
(b) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes the legend “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors” as “Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of

--- Page 266 ---
266 
 
Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds 
to the public in the UK: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) 
in the UK subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, (i) the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any 
Covered Bonds means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Covered Bonds and (ii) the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions  
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Covered Bonds other than to persons 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer or the Guarantor; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended 
(the “Securities Act”) and may not be offered or sold within the United States of America or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 267 ---
267 
 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that, it will not offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds, (a) as part of their 
distribution at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined 
and certified by the relevant Dealer or, in case of an issue of the Covered Bonds on a syndicated basis, the 
relevant lead manager, of all Covered Bonds of the Tranche of which such Covered Bonds are a part within the 
United States of America or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each 
Dealer to which it sells Covered Bonds during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Covered Bonds within the United States of America or to, 
or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Covered Bonds an offer or sale of such 
Covered Bonds within the United States of America by any Dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) 
may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise that in 
accordance with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or 
sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, resident of Japan (as defined 
under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as 
amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a 
resident of Japan except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in 
compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, 
Covered Bonds to the public in France, and it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will not 
distribute or cause to be distributed to the public in France, the Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Covered Bonds and that such offers, sales and distributions have been and 
will be made in France only to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), other than individuals, all as defined 
in, and in accordance with, articles L.411-1, L.411-2, D.411-1, L.533-16 and L.533-20 of the French Code 
monétaire et financier. 
Germany 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it shall only offer Covered Bonds in the Federal Republic of Germany in 
compliance with the provisions of the German Securities Prospectus Act (Wertpapierprospektgesetz) and any 
other laws applicable in the Federal Republic of Germany. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Covered Bonds has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under 
the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that sales of the Covered Bonds in Italy shall be

--- Page 268 ---
268 
 
effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and 
regulation. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that, save as set out below, no Covered Bonds may be offered, sold or 
delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Covered Bonds be 
distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 
of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Covered Bonds or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Covered Bonds in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Law, CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 
February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in each case as amended from 
time to time); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended, 
pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in 
the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 
August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016), and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be imposed 
by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered 
Bonds or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering 
material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in 
each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Covered Bonds or possess, 
distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at 
their own expense. 
The Programme Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to 
any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or 
change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be 
applicable but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” 
above.  
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such supplement or 
modification may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a supplement or modification relevant 
only to a particular Tranche of Covered Bonds) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 269 ---
269 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and Admission to Trading 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus issued in compliance with the Prospectus 
Regulation by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") in its capacity, as competent 
authority in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Application has 
been made for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of 
this Base Prospectus to be listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. 
However, Covered Bonds may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will be unlisted or be admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by such other competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree.  
Authorisations 
The establishment of the Programme has been duly authorised by the resolutions of the management board of 
the Issuer respectively dated (i) 6 April 2018, (ii) 25 October 2018, (iii) 22 March 2019, (iv) 30 April 2020, (v) 
7 May 2021, and (vi) 27 May 2021; and the granting of the Covered Bond Guarantee has been duly authorised 
by the resolutions of the quotaholders of the Guarantor dated 27 May 2021. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is NNVPP80YIZGEY2314M97. 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Guarantor is 8156008EF82808F5E965. 
Issuer Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the Issuer is aware),which may have, or had during the 12 months prior to the date of 
this Base Prospectus a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer and the Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea. 
Guarantor Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which the Guarantor is aware), which may have, or have had during the 12-months 
prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the 
Guarantor. 
Trend Information 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer and the 
Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea. 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Guarantor. 
No Significant Change 
Since 31 December 2022 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
published financial statements of the Issuer have been published), there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or performance of the Issuer and the Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea.

--- Page 270 ---
270 
 
Since 31 December 2022, there has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of the 
Guarantor. 
Minimum Denomination 
Where Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which require the publication of a base prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such 
Covered Bonds will not have a denomination of less than Euro 100,000 (or, where the Covered Bonds are 
issued in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). 
Publication on the Internet 
This Base Prospectus, any supplement hereto and the Final Terms will be available on the internet site of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, at www.luxse.com. 
Documents on Display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Covered Bonds shall be outstanding and admitted to 
trading on the regulated market or on the Professional Segment of the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, copies and, where appropriate, English translations of the following documents may be 
inspected during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Luxembourg Listing Agent, namely: 
(a) 
the Transaction Documents; 
(b) 
the Issuer’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date hereof 
(which 
are 
available 
also 
on 
www.iccreabanca.it/Style%20Library/Iccrea/attachments/Statuto%20Iccrea%20Banca_EN.pdf);  
(c) 
the Guarantor’s memorandum of association (Atto Costitutivo) and by-laws (Statuto) as of the date 
hereof (which are also available on www.iccreabanca.it);  
(d) 
the audited separate and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and%20s
eparate%20financial%20statements%20at%20December%2031,%202022.pdf); 
(e) 
the audited separate and consolidated annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
at  
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and%20s
eparate%20financial%20statements%20at%20december%2031,%202021.pdf);  
(f) 
the unaudited financial statements, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2022 (available at the following link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20Consolidated%20and%20
Separate%20Financial%20Statements%20at%20June%2030,%202022.pdf); 
(g) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/BilanciSPV/2022/Iccrea%20Covered%20Bond_Financial%20Statements%2
02022.pdf); 
(h) 
the audited annual financial statements of the Guarantor as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021 
(which 
are 
also 
available 
at 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/BilanciSPV/2021/Iccrea%20Covered%20Bond_Financial%20Statements%2
02021_new.pdf);

--- Page 271 ---
271 
 
(i) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto, if any, or any further Base 
Prospectus; 
(j) 
any Final Terms relating to Covered Bonds which are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. In the case of any Covered Bonds which 
are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system, copies of the relevant Final Terms will only be available for inspection by the relevant 
Covered Bondholders; 
(k) 
any Second-party Opinion relating to Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainability 
Bonds" 
will 
be 
made 
available 
at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx; 
(l) 
the Issuer's single framework for the issuance of Green, Social and/or Sustainable bonds entitled the 
"Green, 
Social 
and 
Sustainability 
Bond 
Framework" 
("GSS") 
is 
available 
at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx.  
Auditors 
The Issuer’s annual separate and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021 have been audited without qualification by Mazars Italia S.p.A with its registered office at Via Ceresio, 7, 
20154 Milan, Italy, independent accountants. 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. is authorized and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance (“MEF”) and 
registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
At the Issuer’s annual general meeting held in May 2021, the Issuer appointed Mazars Italia S.p.A as 
independent auditor for the years 2021-2029. 
Material Contracts 
Save for the Transaction Documents described under section “Overview of the Transaction Document” of this 
Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor the Guarantor nor any of their respective subsidiaries has entered into 
any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business that have been or may be reasonably 
expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to Covered Bondholders 
Clearing of the Covered Bonds 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Monte Titoli, Euroclear and Clearstream. The 
appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number in relation to the Covered 
Bonds of each Series or Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms shall 
specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Covered Bonds for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Interests of the Dealers 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates, including parent companies, have engaged, and may in the future 
engage, in financing, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions (including the provision of 
loan facilities and/or securitisation transactions) and other related transactions with, and may perform advisory, 
financial and/or non-financial services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. In 
addition, in the ordinary course of business the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans and/or ABS securities or similar securities) for their own account and for 
the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or 
instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending

--- Page 272 ---
272 
 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary 
risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering 
into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. Any such short positions 
could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme. The Dealers and 
their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they 
acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purpose of this paragraph the 
term "affiliates" also includes parent companies. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of 
natural and legal persons involved in each issue or offer of Covered Bonds under the Programme. 
Websites 
Except for the hyperlinks to information that is incorporated by reference in the section “Information 
Incorporated by Reference” above, any website included in this Base Prospectus (i) is for information purpose 
only, (ii) do not form part of this Base Prospectus and (iii) have not been scrutinized or approved by the 
competent authority in order to comply with Article 10(1) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 
2019/979. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after the end 
of its 12-month validity period. 
BNP Paribas Branch Information 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch, being part of a financial group providing client services with a worldwide 
network covering different time zones, may entrust parts of its operational processes to other BNP Paribas 
Group entities and/or third parties, whilst keeping ultimate accountability and responsibility in Luxembourg. 
Further information on the international operating model of BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch may be 
provided upon request.

--- Page 273 ---
273 
 
 
GLOSSARY 
"Account Bank" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as account bank or any such 
other depositary institution that may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation Management 
and Payments Agreement. 
"Accounts" means, collectively, the Expenses Account, the Transitory Collection Accounts, the 
Collection Account, the Cash Reserve Account, the Investment Account, the Payments Account, the 
Quota Capital Account, the Swap Collateral Accounts (if any), the Securities Account (if any) the 
Liquidity Buffer Account (if any), the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account (if any)and any other account 
opened from time to time in connection with the Programme. 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Sellers" means any other bank, other than the Sellers and belonging to the Gruppo 
Cooperativo Bancario Iccrea, which may transfer Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets 
to the Guarantor by joining the Programme in accordance with the provisions set out in clause 19 
(Adesione dei Cedenti Aggiuntivi) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement and the other Transaction 
Documents. 
"Additional Servicers" means any entity (other than the Servicers) belonging to the Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea, which will be appointed as servicer in respect of the Eligible Assets, Public Entities 
Securities and Liquid Assets sold by it to the Guarantor, and that, for such purpose, shall accede to the 
Master Servicing Agreement and the other relevant Transaction Documents. 
"Admitted States" means the States belonging to the European Economic Area and the Swiss 
Confederation 
"Adjusted Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3(a) 
(Nominal Value) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Affected Assets" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 10 (Pagamento dell'Indennizzo) 
of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement 
"Agents" means each of the Account Bank, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Principal Paying 
Agent, the Operating Bank, any Swap Collateral Account Bank and the Guarantor Corporate Servicer. 
"Amortisation Amount" means, on each Guarantor Payment Date, for each Seller, the amount agreed 
between the relevant Seller and Iccrea, in compliance with the Tests and the Exposure Asset Limit.  
"Amortisation Test" means the test which will be carried out pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool 
Management Agreement in order to ensure, inter alia, that, on each Test Calculation Date following the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice (but prior to the service of a Guarantor Default Notice), the 
Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount will be in an amount at least equal to the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal Amount of each Series of Covered Bonds as calculated on the relevant Test 
Calculation Date. 
"Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 3.2 
(Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 274 ---
274 
 
"Amortisation Test Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 
3.2 (Amortisation Test Aggregate Loan Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Amortising Covered Bonds" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.  
"Arrangers" means Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and Iccrea Banca. 
"Article 74 Event" means, in respect of the Issuer, the issue of a resolution pursuant to Article 74 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
"Article 74 Event Cure Notice" means the notice to be served by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer, the Guarantor and the Asset Monitor informing that an Article 74 Event has 
been revoked. 
"Asset Monitor" means Deloitte & Touche S.p.A, acting as such pursuant to the engagement letter 
entered into with the Issuer on or about 15 July 2021 and the Asset Monitor Agreement, both as 
amended and restated from time to time. 
"Asset Monitor Agreement" means the asset monitor agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 
between, inter alios, the Asset Monitor and the Issuer, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Asset Monitor Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Asset Monitor to the 
Guarantor, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the 
Issuer in accordance with the Asset Monitor Agreement. 
"Asset Percentage" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3(b) (Asset Percentage) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement.  
“Asset Swap Agreement” means any swap or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at hedging the 
interest rate risk and/or if applicable the currency risk related to each Portfolio, that may be entered into 
between the Guarantor and the relevant Asset Swap Provider on or about each Transfer Date, as 
amended and restated from time to time. 
"Asset Swap Provider" means any entity acting as asset swap provider to the Guarantor under an Asset 
Swap Agreement. 
"Back-Up Servicer" means the entity which may be appointed by the Guarantor, with the approval by 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, pursuant to clause 16 (Back-Up Servicer) of the Master 
Servicing Agreement. 
"Bank of Italy Regulations" means the supervisory instructions of the Bank of Italy containing the 
"Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche" relating to covered bonds (Obbligazioni Bancarie Garantite) 
under Part III, Chapter 3, of the Circular No. 285 dated 17 December 2013, as subsequently amended 
and supplemented. 
"Bankruptcy Law" means Royal Decree No. 267 of 16 March 1942, as amended, supplemented and/or 
restated from time to time. 
"Base Interest" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 5.2 of each Subordinated Loan 
Agreement. 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; and

--- Page 275 ---
275 
 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention" in relation to any particular date, has the meaning ascribed to such term in 
the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in 
relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following 
meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought back to the 
first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in 
the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement" means the cash allocation management 
and payments agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders, the Principal Paying Agent, the Guarantor Calculation 
Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Operating Bank and the Account Bank, as amended and restated 
from time to time.

--- Page 276 ---
276 
 
"Cash Reserve Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank (IBAN: IT52H0347901600000802443102) or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Cash Reserve Amount" means an amount, determined on or prior to each Guarantor Calculation Date, 
sufficient to ensure that the Guarantor would have sufficient funds set aside and readily available to pay 
in the immediately following six months starting from the relevant Guarantor Payment Date (i) interest 
amounts due in relation to all outstanding series of Covered Bonds, plus (ii) all costs and expenses 
ranking under items (i) to (iii) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments.  
"Civil Code" means the Italian civil code, enacted by Royal Decree No. 262 of 16 March 1942. 
"Clearstream" means Clearstream S.A.. 
"Collateral Security" means any security (including any loan mortgage insurance and excluding 
Mortgages) granted to any Seller by any Debtor in order to guarantee or secure the payment and/or 
repayment of any amount due under the relevant Mortgages Loan Agreements or the Relevant Public 
Entity Securities Documents. 
“Collection Account” means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank (IBAN: IT75G0347901600000802443101) or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Collection Period" means each quarterly period, starting on the first day (included) of January, April, 
July and October and ending on the last day (included) of March, June, September and December. 
"Collections" means all amounts received or recovered by the Master Servicer and/or each Servicer in 
respect of the Receivables and/or the Public Entity Securities comprised in the Cover Pool. 
"Commercial Mortgage Loan" (crediti ipotecari commerciali) means: 
(i) 
until the Implementation Date, commercial mortgage loans whose ratio between (a) the 
outstanding principal amount and (b) the value of the mortgaged property, pursuant to article 2, 
paragraph 1 of the Decree 310, is equal to or lower than 60 per cent; and 
(ii) 
from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by non-residential real estate that meet 
the requirements of Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (f) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 
130. 
 
"Commingling Amount" means an amount calculated by the Issuer equal to the maximum expected 
aggregate amount of monthly collections and recoveries calculated in respect of the next 12 month and 
considering a 5 per cent. constant prepayment ratio per annum, or any other amount designated as such 
by the Issuer and communicated to the Rating Agencies, in accordance with the Rating Agencies’ 
methodologies applicable from time to time. 
"Common Criteria" means the criteria listed in Schedule 1, Part I (Criteri Comuni per la selezione ed 
identificazione dei Crediti) and Part II (Criteri per la selezione dei Titoli di Enti Pubblici) to the Master 
Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Conditions" means the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Condition" means a clause of 
them. 
"CONSOB" means Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa.

--- Page 277 ---
277 
 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended 
from time to time. 
"Corporate Services Agreement" means the corporate services agreement entered into on or about 15 
July 2021, between the Guarantor Corporate Servicer and the Guarantor, pursuant to which the 
Guarantor Corporate Servicer will provide certain administration services to the Guarantor, as amended 
and restated from time to time. 
"Cover Pool" means the cover pool constituted by, collectively, Eligible Assets, Integration Assets and 
Liquid Assets from time to time transferred by the Sellers to the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement in accordance with the provisions of Law 130 as amended from time to time, the 
Bank of Italy Regulations and the Article 129 of the CRR. 
"Cover Pool Management Agreement" means the cover pool management agreement entered into on 
or about 15 July 2021 between the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Test Calculation Agent and the Asset Monitor, as amended and restated from time to 
time. 
"Covered Bonds" means any and all the covered bonds (obbligazioni bancarie garantite) issued or to be 
issued by the Issuer pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the Programme Agreement. 
"Covered Bond Guarantee" means the guarantee issued by the Guarantor for the purpose of 
guaranteeing the payments due by the Issuer in respect of the Covered Bonds and the Other Creditors, in 
accordance with the provisions of the Law 130, as amended from time to time, and the Bank of Italy 
Regulations. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Amount" means the principal amount of a Series of Covered Bonds to be 
redeemed on a Covered Bond Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Date" means a date on which a principal instalment is due on a Series of 
Covered Bonds as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Covered Bond Instalment Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Covered Bond 
Instalment Date (if applicable), the date falling 15 Business Days after such Covered Bond Instalment 
Date. 
"Covered Bond Regulations" means Law 130 as amended and supplemented from time to timethe 
Decree 310 (until the Implementation Date), the Bank of Italy Regulations and Article 129 of CRR and 
any other applicable provision of CRR, as amended from time to time. 
"Covered Bondholders" means the holders from time to time of Covered Bonds, title to which is 
evidenced in the manner described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title). 
"CRA Regulation" means Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended from time to time.  
"Credit and Collection Policies" means the procedures for the management, collection and recovery of 
Receivables and/or Public Entity Securities attached as schedule 1 (Procedure di Riscossione) to the 
Master Servicing Agreement. 
"Criteria" means, collectively, the Common Criteria and the Specific Criteria. 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 
2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended from time to 
time.

--- Page 278 ---
278 
 
"CSSF" means the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier. 
"Data Protection Legislation" means the Privacy Code, the GDPR, the national implementation 
legislation and any other legislative administrative or regulatory act or measure in force from time to 
time during the term of this Agreement. 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 (or, if any portion 
of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 279 ---
279 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 280 ---
280 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Termination 
Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated 
from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period;  
"Dealers" means each of Barclays Bank Ireland PLC and any other entity which may be nominated as 
such by the Issuer upon execution of a letter in the terms or substantially in the terms set out in Schedule 
6 (Form of Dealer Accession Letter) to the Programme Agreement on any other terms acceptable to the 
Issuer and such entity. 
“Debtor” means (i) in relation to the Receivables, any borrower and any other person, other than a 
mortgagor, who entered into a Mortgage Loan Agreement as principal debtor or guarantor or who is 
liable for the payment or repayment of amounts due in respect of a Mortgage Loan, as a consequence, 
inter alia, of having granted any Collateral Security or having assumed the borrower’s obligation under 
an accollo, or otherwise; and (ii) in relation to the Public Entity Securities, any entity, also different 
from the issuer of the Public Entity Security, who is liable for the payment of amounts due, as principal 
and interest, in respect of the Public Entity Security. 
"Decree 190" (Decreto 190) means the Italian Legislative Decree No. 190 of 5 November 2021, 
transposing Directive (EU) No. 2162/2019 into Italian law. 
"Decree 239" means Italian Legislative Decree number 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
"Decree 310" means the ministerial decree No. 310 of 14 December 2006 issued by the Ministry of the 
Economy and Finance, as repealed by the Decree 190. 
"Decree 461" means the Legislative Decree number 461 of 21 November 1997. 
"Deed of Charge" means the English law deed of charge which may be entered into between the 
Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors) in order to charge the rights arising under any Swap Collateral 
Accounts (if any) in favour of the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors, as amended and 
restated from time to time. 
"Deed of Pledge" means the Italian law deed of pledge entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between 
the Guarantor and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders (acting on behalf of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Other Creditors), as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Defaulted Loans" means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are one or more Defaulted 
Receivables. 
"Defaulted Receivables" means the Receivables classified as such in accordance with the Credit and 
Collection Policies and any applicable regulations including regulations of the Bank of Italy.  
"Defaulting Party" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Swap Agreement. 
“Delinquent Loans” means any Mortgage Loan in relation to which there are one or more Delinquent 
Receivables.

--- Page 281 ---
281 
 
"Delinquent Receivable" means any Receivable arising from Mortgage Loan Agreements included in 
the Cover Pool in respect of which there are one or more Instalments due and not paid by the relevant 
Debtor and which has not been classified as Defaulted Receivable. 
"Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Drawdown Date" means the date of receipt of the Acceptance by the Guarantor, or such other date as 
provided in the Drawdown Request. 
“Drawdown Request” means the notice sent by a Subordinated Loan Provider to the Guarantor 
pursuant to clause 4.1 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement, substantially in the form attached as 
Schedule 1 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Earliest Maturing Covered Bonds" means, at any time, the Series of Covered Bonds that has or have 
the earliest Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is not subject to an Extended 
Maturity Date) or Extended Maturity Date (if the relevant Series of Covered Bonds is subject to an 
Extended Maturity Date) as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the 
principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined 
in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds, the principal amount 
of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Effective Date" means with reference to each Portfolio, the date indicated by the Guarantor in the 
relevant Transfer Proposal. 
"Eligible Assets" means the Receivables. 
"Eligible Institution" means any bank organised under the laws of any country which is a member of 
the European Union or of the United Kingdom or of the United States (to the extent that United States 
are a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the Bank of Italy's prudential 
regulations for banks - standardised approach),  
(i) 
whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at 
least "P-3" by Moody's and whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least "Baa3" by Moody's, or  
(ii) 
whose obligations are guaranteed (in compliance with the relevant criteria of Moody's on the 
guarantee) by an entity whose short-term unsecured, unsubordinated and unguaranteed debt 
obligations are rated at least "P-3" by Moody's and whose long-term unsecured, unsubordinated 
and unguaranteed debt obligations are rated at least "Baa3" by Moody's, or  
(iii) 
any other rating level from time to time provided for in the Rating Agencies' criteria,  
provided however that any such bank qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to Article 129, let. 
(c) of the CRR unless (a) it is an entity in the European Union and (b) the exposure vis-à-vis such bank 
have a maturity not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, in which case it may qualify for the “credit 
quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, let. (c) of the CRR. 
"Eligible Investment" means any Eligible Assets or Top-up Assets which meet the following 
requirements:

--- Page 282 ---
282 
 
(i) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least "P-3" or “Baa3” by Moody's, where they have a 
maturity of up to 30 calendar days or, if greater than 30 calendar days, which may be liquidated 
without loss within 30 days of a downgrade below "P-3" or “Baa3” by Moody's, and/or  
(ii) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least "P-2" or “Baa2” by Moody's, where they have a 
maturity between 30 and 90 calendar days; 
(iii) 
any Euro denominated security rated at least "P-2" or “A3” by Moody's, where they have a 
maturity between 90 and 180 calendar days; 
provided that any such investments mature or are disposable at no loss on or before the relevant Eligible 
Investment Maturity Date, and 
provided that the relevant exposure qualifies for the “credit quality step 1” pursuant to Article 129, let. 
(c) of the CRR or, in case of exposure vis-à-vis an entity in the European Union which has a maturity 
not exceeding 100 (one-hundred) days, it may qualify for “credit quality step 2” pursuant to Article 129, 
let. (c) of the CRR. 
“Eligible Investment Maturity Date” means two Business Days before each Guarantor Payment Date.  
"EU Directive on Covered Bonds" means Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision 
and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. 
"EURIBOR" means the Euro-Zone Inter-Bank offered rate for Euro deposits, as determined from time 
to time pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
"Euro", "€" and "EUR" refer to the single currency of member countries of the European Union which 
adopt the single currency introduced in accordance with the treaty establishing the European 
Community. 
"Euroclear" means Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V.. 
"European Economic Area" means the region comprised of member states of the European Union as 
well as Iceland, Liechtenstein and Norway. 
"Excess Assets" means, in relation to the Cover Pool and on each Guarantor Calculation Date, those 
Receivables and, if transferred to the Guarantor, Public Entity Securities the aggregate Outstanding 
Principal of which is equal to: (i) any amount by reason of which the Portfolios comprised in the Cover 
Pool are in excess (as nominal value, interest coverage and net present value) of any Eligible Assets 
necessary to satisfy all Tests on the relevant Guarantor Calculation Date; minus (ii) the aggregate 
Outstanding Principal of those Receivables and, if transferred to the Guarantor, Public Entity Securities 
indicated by the Servicer as Affected Assets pursuant to the provisions of clause 10.1 (Payment of 
Indemnity) of the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement. 
“Excess Proceeds” means the amounts received by the Guarantor as a result of any enforcement taken 
vis-à-vis the Issuer also in accordance with Article 7-quaterdecies, Paragraph 3, of Law 130. 
"Expected Maintenance and Administration Costs" has the meaning ascribed to such term under 
clause 1.2 (Other definitions) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Expected Revenue Income" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 2.5(a) (Expected 
Revenue Income) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Expected Revenue Liability" has the meaning ascribed to such term under Clause 2.5(b) (Expected 
Revenue Liability) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement.

--- Page 283 ---
283 
 
"Expenses" means any documented fees, costs, expenses and taxes required to be paid to any third party 
creditors (other than the Covered Bondholders and the Other Creditors) arising in connection with the 
Programme, and required to be paid (as determined in accordance with the Corporate Services 
Agreement) in order to preserve the existence of the Guarantor or to comply with applicable laws and 
legislation. 
"Expenses Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Operating Bank, (IBAN: IT22A0800003200000800031344), or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Expiry Date" means the date falling one year and one day after the date on which all Series of Covered 
Bonds issued in the context of the Programme have been cancelled or redeemed in full in accordance 
with their terms and conditions. 
"Exposure Assets Limit" means the limits provided under Article 129, paragraph 1a (1-bis), let. (a), (b), 
(c) e (d) of CRR, provided that pursuant to Article 129 paragraph 3a (3-bis) of CRR such limits shall not 
apply to “cessioni di ripristino” pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement for purposes of 
complying with the Nominal Value Test. 
"Extended Instalment Date" means the date on which a principal instalment in relation to a Series of 
Covered Bonds becomes due and payable pursuant to the extension of the relevant Covered Bond 
Instalment Date as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Extended Maturity Date" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date (if any) 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms to which the payment of all or (as applicable) part of the 
Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date will be deferred pursuant to Condition 9(b) 
(Extension of maturity). 
"Extension Determination Date" means, with respect to any Series of Covered Bonds, the date falling 
7 (seven) Business Days after (and including) the Maturity Date of such Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Rules of the Organisation of 
the Covered Bondholders attached to the Conditions.  
"Final Terms" means, in relation to any issue of any Series of Covered Bonds, the relevant terms 
contained in the applicable Transaction Documents and, in case of any Series of Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to listing, the final terms submitted to the appropriate listing authority on or before the Issue 
Date of the applicable Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Final Maturity Date" means the date on which all the Series of Covered Bond are redeemed in full or 
cancelled. 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, with respect to a Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, the amount, 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms, representing the amount due (subject to the applicable grace 
period) in respect of the relevant Series or Tranche of Covered Bond. 
"Financial Law " means Legislative Decree number 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended from time to 
time. 
"First Interest Payment Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
"First Interest Period" means, in relation to any Subordinated Loan, the period starting on the relevant 
Drawdown Date and ending on the first Guarantor Payment Date. 
"First Issue Date" means the date of issuance of the first Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 284 ---
284 
 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Fixed Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Floating Rate Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
"FSMA" means the Financial Service and Markets Act 2000. 
"GDPR" means Regulation (EU) No 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 
April 2016 (on the protection of individuals with regard to the processing of personal data and on the 
free movement of such data) and its implementing legislation. 
"Guaranteed Amounts" means the amounts due from time to time from the Issuer to (i) the Covered 
Bondholders with respect to each Series of Covered Bonds (excluding any additional amounts payable 
to the Covered Bondholders under Condition 11(a) (Gross up by Issuer) and (ii) the Other Creditors 
pursuant to the relevant Transaction Documents. 
"Guarantee Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied, on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer 
Default Notice, but prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, in accordance with the terms of 
the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor" means Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l., acting in its capacity as guarantor under the Covered 
Bond Guarantee. 
"Guarantor Available Funds" means, collectively, the Interest Available Funds and the Principal 
Available Funds. 
"Guarantor Calculation Agent" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting as guarantor 
calculation agent, or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Guarantor Calculation Date" means the 3rd (third) calendar day of May, August, November and 
February (or, if such day is not a Business Day, then the immediately preceding Business Day). 
"Guarantor Corporate Servicer" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting in its capacity 
as guarantor corporate servicer of the Guarantor pursuant to the Corporate Services Agreement. 
"Guarantor Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Guarantor upon the occurrence of a Guarantor Event of Default. 
"Guarantor Event of Default" means any of the following events or circumstances: 
(a) Non-payment: following the service of an Issuer Default Notice, the Guarantor fails to pay any 
interest and/or principal due and payable under the Covered Bond Guarantee on the relevant 
Interest Payment Date and/or at the Extended Maturity Date and such breach is not remedied 
within the next following 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of interests, or 20 Business 
Days, in case of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) Breach of other obligations: a material breach by the Guarantor of any obligation under the 
Transaction Documents (other than any obligation pursuant to paragraph (a)(Non-Payment) 
above) occurs which is not remedied within 30 days after the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the Guarantor (except where, in the opinion of 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, such default is not capable of remedy in which 
case no notice will be required); or 
(c) Insolvency: an Insolvency Event occurs with respect to the Guarantor; or

--- Page 285 ---
285 
 
(d) Breach of Amortisation Test: following the service of an Issuer Event Default Notice (provided 
that, in case the Issuer Event of Default consist of an Article 74 Event, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders has not delivered an Article 74 Event Cure Notice) the Amortisation Test 
is breached and is not remedied by the end of the Test Grace Period; 
(e) Invalidity of the Covered Bond Guarantee: the Covered Bond Guarantee is not in full force and 
effect or it is claimed by the Guarantor not to be in full force and effect. 
"Guarantor Payment Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date 
falling on the 6th calendar day of May, August, November and February of each year or, if such day is 
not a Business Day, the immediately following Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a 
Guarantor Default Notice, any day on which any payment is required to be made by the Representative 
of the Covered Bondholders in accordance with the Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, the relevant 
Final Terms and the Intercreditor Agreement; the first Guarantor Payment Date will fall on 8 November 
2021. 
"Guarantor Payment Period" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 6.5(c) (iv) of the 
Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Guarantor's Rights" means the Guarantor's rights under the Transaction Documents. 
"Iccrea Banca" or "Issuer" means Iccrea Banca S.p.A. - Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo, 
parent company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group registered in the Register of Banking Groups, 
a bank incorporated as a joint-stock company (società per azioni) under Italian law, with registered 
office at Via Lucrezia Romana, 41/47 - 00178, tax code and registration with the Register of Companies 
of Rome under number 04774801007, registered under number 5251 in the Register of Banks kept at the 
Bank of Italy pursuant to Article 13 of the Consolidated Banking Act, ABI 8000, a company 
participating in the VAT Group Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, VAT no. 15240741007, which 
acts as Issuer in the context of the Programme. 
"IFRS" means the International Financial Reporting and Accounting Standards issued by the 
International Accounting Standard Board (IASB). 
"Implementation Date" means 31 March 2023, it being the date into which the Implementing 
Provisions issued by the Bank of Italy entered into force. 
"Implementing Provisions" means the implementing provisions amending the Bank of Italy 
Regulations issued by the Bank of Italy pursuant to Law 130. 
"Individual Purchase Price" means, with respect to each Receivable or Public Entity Security or 
Liquid Assets transferred pursuant to the Master Loan Purchase Agreements: (i) the most recent book 
value (ultimo valore di iscrizione in bilancio) of the relevant Receivable or Public Entity Security or 
Liquid Assets minus all principal and interest collections (with respect only to the amounts of interest 
which constitute the most recent book value) received by the Seller with respect to the relevant 
Receivables or Public Entity Securities or Liquid Assets up to the relevant Effective Date and increased 
of the amount of interest accrued and not yet collected on such Receivables or Public Entity Securities 
or Liquid Assets as at the relevant Effective Date; or, at the option of the relevant Seller (ii) such other 
value, as indicated by the relevant Seller in the Transfer Notice, as will allow the Seller to consider each 
duty or tax due as if the relevant Receivables or Public Entity Securities or Liquid Assets had not been 
transferred for the purpose of article 7-bis, sub-paragraph 7, of the Law 130 as applicable until the 
Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, Article 7-viciester of Law 130 and on which a 
certificate of estimate has been issued by an auditing firm certifying that there is no evidence that the

--- Page 286 ---
286 
 
valuation criteria applied for the determination of the transfer price of the Receivables or the Public 
Entity Securities or Liquid Assets of do not comply with those that the relative Seller is required to 
observe in the preparation of the annual financial statements. 
"Initial Portfolio" means the initial portfolio of Receivables, comprising Eligible Assets, purchased by 
the Guarantor from each Seller pursuant to the relevant Transfer Agreement. 
"Insolvency Event" means in respect of any company, entity, or corporation that:  
(i) 
such company, entity or corporation has become subject to any applicable bankruptcy, 
liquidation, administration, insolvency, insolvency-like proceedings, composition with 
creditors, insolvent reorganisation, turnaround/insolvency tools (strumenti di regolazione della 
crisi e dell’insolvenza) or negotiated settlement procedure (including, without limitation, 
“liquidazione giudiziale”,"liquidazione coatta amministrativa", "piani di risanamento”, 
“accordi di ristrutturazione del debito”, “piano di ristrutturazione soggetto ad omologazione”, 
“composizione negoziata della crisi” and “concordato semplificato” and (other than in respect 
of the Issuer) "amministrazione straordinaria") each such expression bearing the meaning 
ascribed to it by the laws of the Republic of Italy, and including the seeking of liquidation, 
winding-up, insolvent reorganisation, dissolution, administration or similar proceedings or the 
whole or any substantial part of the undertaking or assets of such company, entity or 
corporation are subject to a pignoramento or any procedure having a similar effect (other than 
in the case of the Guarantor, any portfolio of assets purchased by the Guarantor for the 
purposes of further programme of issuance of Covered Bonds), unless in the opinion of the 
Representative of the Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a 
legal adviser selected by it), such proceedings are being disputed in good faith with a 
reasonable prospect of success; or 
(ii) 
an application for the commencement of any of the proceedings under (i) above is made in 
respect of or by such company or corporation or such proceedings are otherwise initiated 
against such company, entity or corporation and, in the opinion of the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders (who may in this respect rely on the advice of a legal adviser selected by 
it), such application is not being disputed in good faith with a reasonable prospect of success; 
or 
(iii) 
such company, entity or corporation takes any action for a re-adjustment or deferment of any of 
its obligations or makes a general assignment or an arrangement or composition with or for the 
benefit of its creditors (other than, in case of the Guarantor, the creditors under the Transaction 
Documents) or is granted by a competent court a moratorium in respect of any of its 
indebtedness or any guarantee of any indebtedness given by it or applies for suspension of 
payments (other than, in respect of the Issuer, the issuance of a resolution pursuant to article 74 
of the Consolidated Banking Act); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up, liquidation or 
dissolution in any form of such company, entity or corporation or any of the events under 
article 2484 of the Italian Civil Code occurs with respect to such company, entity or 
corporation (except in any such case a winding-up or other proceeding for the purposes of or 
pursuant to a solvent amalgamation, merger, corporate reorganization or reconstruction, the 
terms of which have been previously approved in writing by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders); or

--- Page 287 ---
287 
 
(v) 
such company, entity or corporation becomes subject to any proceedings equivalent or 
analogous to those above under the law of any jurisdiction in which such company or 
corporation is deemed to carry on business.  
"Instalment" means (i) with respect to each Mortgage Loan Agreement, each instalment due from the 
relevant Debtor thereunder and which consists of an Interest Instalment and a Principal Instalment and 
(ii) with respect to each Public Entity Security, where applicable, each instalment due from the relevant 
Debtor under the Relevant Public Entity Securities Documents and which consists of an Interest 
Instalment and a Principal Instalment. 
"Insurance Policies" means the insurance policies taken out with the Insurance Companies in relation to 
each Real Estate Asset and each Mortgage Loan. 
"Integration Assets" means each of the following assets: 
(i) 
deposits held with banks which (a) have their registered office in the European Economic Area 
or Switzerland or in a country for which a 0% risk weight is applicable in accordance with the 
Bank of Italy's prudential regulations for banks - standardised approach and (b) qualify as 
Eligible Institutions;  
(ii) 
securities issued by the banks indicated in item (i) above, which have a residual maturity not 
exceeding one year; and 
(iii) 
the Public Entity Securities, 
provided that the assets referred to in items (i), (ii) and (iii) above are qualified as eligible assets 
pursuant to Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Intercreditor Agreement" means the intercreditor agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor and the Other Creditors, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to any Series of Covered Bonds and an Interest Period, the 
amount of interest payable in respect of that Series for that Interest Period. 
"Interest Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of:  
(a) 
interest collected by the Master Servicer or the Servicers in respect of the Cover Pool and 
credited into the Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(b) 
all recoveries in the nature of interest received by the Master Servicer or the Servicers and 
credited to the Collection Account, during the immediately preceding Collection Period; 
(c) 
all amounts of interest accrued (net of any withholding or expenses, if due) and paid on the 
Accounts during the immediately preceding Collection Period;  
(d) 
any payment received on or immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment Date from any Swap 
Provider, if any, other than any Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts; 
(e) 
all interest amounts received from any Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(f) 
the Cash Reserve Amount standing to the credit of the Cash Reserve Account;  
(g) 
all amounts on account of interest, premium or other profit deriving from the Eligible 
Investments up to the Eligible Investments Maturity Date immediately preceding the relevant 
Guarantor Payment Date; and

--- Page 288 ---
288 
 
(h) 
any amount (other than the amounts already allocated under other items of the Guarantor 
Available Funds) received by the Guarantor from any party to the Transaction Documents. 
“Interest Basis” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Interest Coverage Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.5 (Interest Coverage Test) 
of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Interest Instalment" means the interest component of each Instalment. 
"Interest Payment Date" means the First Interest Payment Date and any date or dates specified as such 
in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in 
accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at 
such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
"Investment Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT98F0347901600000802443100 or such other substitute account as 
may be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Investors Report Date" means the Business Day following each Guarantor Payment Date. 
"Investors Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
on or prior to the Investors Report Date, to the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Representative of 
the Covered Bondholders, the Rating Agencies, the Master Servicer, the Servicers and the Principal 
Paying Agent, setting out certain information with respect to the Covered Bond and the Cover Pool. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as amended and updated as at the date of issue 
of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.. 
"Issue Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Issuer Default Notice" means the notice to be delivered by the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders to the Issuer and the Guarantor upon the occurrence of an Issuer Event of Default. 
"Issuer Downgrading Event" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the Master Definitions 
Agreement. 
"Issuer Event of Default" means any of the following events and circumstances: 
(a) Non-payment: the Issuer fails to pay any amount of interest and/or principal due and payable on

--- Page 289 ---
289 
 
any Series of Covered Bonds at their relevant Interest Payment Date and/or at the Maturity Date, 
and such breach is not remedied within the next 15 Business Days, in case of amounts of 
interest, or 20 Business Days (other than in case of non-payment at the Maturity Date), in case 
of amounts of principal, as the case may be; or 
(b) Breach of other obligation: a material breach by the Issuer of any obligation under the 
Transaction Documents (other than any obligation pursuant to paragraph (a)(Non-Payment) 
above or (f)(Breach of Statutory Tests) below) occurs which is not remedied within 30 days 
after the Representative of the Covered Bondholders has given written notice thereof to the 
Issuer; or 
(c) Insolvency: an Insolvency Event (other than, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution (risoluzione) 
and “misure di intervento precoce” occurs with respect to the Issuer; or 
(d) Article 74 Event: a resolution pursuant to article 74 of the Consolidated Banking Act is issued in 
respect of the Issuer; or 
(e) Cessation of business: the Issuer ceases to carry on its primary business (because of the loss of 
its banking licence or otherwise); or 
(f) Breach of Statutory Tests: any Statutory Test is breached and is not remedied by the end of the 
relevant Test Grace Period. 
“Italian Insolvency Code” means the Italian Legislative Decree no. 14 of 12 January 2019 (Codice 
della crisi d’impresa e dell’insolvenza), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. 
"Latest Valuation" means, at any time with respect to any Real Estate Asset, the value given to the 
relevant Real Estate Asset by the most recent valuation (to be performed in accordance with the 
requirements provided for under the Prudential Regulations including Section III, paragraph 1.1 of the 
Bank of Italy Regulations) addressed to the Sellers or obtained from an independently maintained 
valuation model, acceptable to reasonable and prudent institutional mortgage lenders in Italy. 
"Law 130" means Law No. 130 of 30 April 1999, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
"Liabilities" means in respect of any person, any losses, damages, costs, charges, awards, claims, 
demands, expenses, judgments, actions, proceedings or other liabilities whatsoever including legal fees 
and any taxes and penalties incurred by that person, together with any VAT or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect of any sum referred in this definition. 
“Liability Swap Agreement” means any swap or other hedging agreements, if any, aimed at hedging 
certain interest rate and/or, if applicable, currency exposures in relation to the Guarantor’s obligations 
under the Covered Bonds, that may be entered into between the Guarantor and the relevant Liability 
Swap Provider on or about each Issue Date, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Liability Swap Provider" means any entity acting as liability swap provider to the Guarantor pursuant 
to a Liability Swap Agreement. 
"Liquid Assets" means the assets referred to Article 7-duodecies, paragraph 2, letters (a) and (b) of Law 
130, provided that such assets meet the requirements to qualify as eligible assets under Article 129 of the 
CRR and Law 130. 
"Liquidity Buffer Account" means the account that may be opened in the name of the Guarantor with 
the Account Bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement.

--- Page 290 ---
290 
 
"Liquidity Buffer Securities Account" means the securities account that may be opened in the name of 
the Guarantor with the Account Bank in accordance with Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement. 
"Liquidity Buffer Target Amount" means the liquidity buffer requirement pursuant to Article 7-
duodecies of Law 130, as set out in the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Loans" means any Mortgage Loan which is sold and assigned by each Seller to the Guarantor from 
time to time under the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent" means BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch. 
"Mandate Agreement" means the mandate agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 between 
the Representative of the Covered Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to 
time. 
"Margin" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Master Definitions Agreement" means the master definitions agreement entered into on 15 July 2021 
between, the Issuer, the Guarantor, the Account Bank, the Asset Monitor, the Quotaholders, the 
Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the 
Principal Paying Agent, the Operating Bank, the Swap Collateral Account Bank (if any), the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Sellers, the Subordinated Loan Provider, the Master Servicer, the Dealer, the 
Arrangers, the Servicers and the Representative of the Covered Bondholders, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
"Master Loans Purchase Agreement" means the master loans purchase agreement entered into on 28 
June 2021 between the Guarantor and the Sellers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Master Servicer" means Iccrea Banca, in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Master Servicing Agreement" means the master servicing agreement entered into on or about 28 June 
2021 between the Guarantor, the Issuer, the Master Servicer and the Servicers, as amended and restated 
from time to time. 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Minimum OC Requirement” means 5% which will be calculated in connection with the Asset 
Percentage and constitutes the minimum statutory OC. 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Member State" means a member State of the European Union. 
“Monte Titoli” means Monte Titoli S.p.A., (commercial name “Euronext Securities Milan”) a società 
per azioni having its registered office at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milano, Italy. 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to 
hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli (as intermediari aderenti) in accordance 
with Article 83-quater of the Financial Law. 
"Moody's" means Moody’s Italia S.r.l.. 
"Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement or Commercial 
Mortgage Loan Agreement, as the case may be, out of which the Receivables arise.

--- Page 291 ---
291 
 
"Mortgage Loans" means collectively the Residential Mortgage Loans and the Commercial Mortgage 
Loan.  
"Mortgages" means the mortgage security interests (ipoteche) created on the Real Estate Assets or the 
Commercial Assets, as the case may be, pursuant to Italian law in order to secure claims in respect of the 
Receivables. 
"Net Liquidity Outflow" means all payment outflows falling due on one day, including principal and 
interest payments, net of all payment inflows falling due on the same day for claims related to the Cover 
Pool, calculated in accordance with article 7-duodecies of Law 130 and Section III, paragraph 3, of the 
Bank of Italy Regulations, provided that for the purpose of all payment outflows, the Outstanding 
Principal Amount of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to be due on the relevant Extended Maturity 
Date and not on the relevant Maturity Date.  
"Net Present Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2(b) (Net Present Value 
Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Net Present Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.4 (Net Present Value Test) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"New Portfolio" means any portfolio (other than the Initial Portfolio), comprising Eligible Assets, 
Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, as applicable, which may be purchased by the Guarantor from any 
Seller pursuant to the terms and subject to the conditions of the relevant Transfer Agreement.  
"Nominal Value" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.3(a) (Nominal Value) of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Nominal Value Test" has the meaning ascribed to such term in clause 2.2(a) (Nominal Value Test) of 
the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Official Gazette of the Republic of Italy" or "Official Gazette" means the Gazzetta Ufficiale della 
Repubblica Italiana. 
"Operating Bank" means Iccrea Banca, acting in its capacity as operating bank pursuant to the Cash, 
Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement or any such other depository institution as may be 
appointed in accordance with such Cash, Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Series or Tranche of Covered Bonds, 
the principal amount of such Series or Tranche or such other amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning ascribed to such term in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" means the association of the Covered Bondholders, 
organised pursuant to the Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders. 
"Other Creditors" means the Sellers, the Master Servicer, the Servicers, the Representative of the 
Covered Bondholders, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Test Calculation Agent, the Guarantor 
Corporate Servicer, the Principal Paying Agent, the Account Bank, the Operating Bank, the Asset 
Monitor, the Swap Providers (if any), the Swap Collateral Account Bank, the Quotaholder Corporate

--- Page 292 ---
292 
 
Servicer and any other creditors which may, from time to time, be identified as such in the context of the 
Programme. 
"Outstanding Principal" means, on any given date and in relation to any Receivable or Public Entity 
Securities, the sum of all (i) Principal Instalments due but unpaid at such date; and (ii) the Principal 
Instalments not yet due at such date. 
"Outstanding Principal Amount" means, on any date in respect of any Series of Covered Bonds or, 
where applicable, in respect of all Series of Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
the principal amount of such Series or, where applicable, all such Series upon issue; minus 
(ii) 
the aggregate amount of all principal which has been repaid prior to such date in respect of 
such Series or, where applicable, all such Series and, solely for the purposes of Title II 
(Meetings of the Covered Bondholders) of the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders, the principal amount of any Covered Bonds in such Series of (where applicable) 
all such Series held by, or by any Person for the benefit of, the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
"Outstanding Principal Balance" means, on any date, in relation to a loan, a bond or any other asset 
included in the Cover Pool, the aggregate nominal outstanding principal amount of such loan, bond or 
asset at such date. 
"Paying Agents" means the Principal Paying Agent and each other paying agent appointed from time to 
time under the terms of the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Payment Business Day" means a day on which banks in the relevant Place of Payment are open for 
payment of amounts due in respect of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies and any day 
which is: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is Euro, a T2 Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not Euro, a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be 
carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; 
"Payments Account" means the euro denominated account established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Account Bank, IBAN: IT29I0347901600000802443103 or such other substitute account as may 
be opened in accordance with the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Payments Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Guarantor Calculation Agent 
pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments Agreement on each Guarantor Calculation 
Date. 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality. 
"Place of Payment" means, in respect of any Covered Bondholders, the place at which such Covered 
Bondholder receives payment of interest or principal on the Covered Bonds. 
"Portfolio" means, in respect of each Seller, collectively, the Initial Portfolio and any New Portfolios 
which has been purchased and will be purchased by the Guarantor pursuant to the relevant Transfer 
Agreement it being understood that the Portfolio of each Seller will include other portfolios of Eligible 
Assets transferred to the Guarantor from other sellers merged into the relevant Seller.

--- Page 293 ---
293 
 
"Portfolio Manager" means the entity appointed as such in accordance with clause 8.6 of the Cover 
Pool Management Agreement. 
"Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to which the Guarantor 
Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of a Guarantor 
Default Notice, in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Potential Set-Off Amount" means (a) if no Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred or is outstanding 
an amount equal to 0 (zero) or (b) if an Issuer Downgrading Event has occurred and is outstanding, an 
amount of the Cover Pool that could potentially be set-off by the relevant Debtors against any credit 
owed by any such Debtor towards the relevant Seller as calculated by the Test Calculation Agent.  
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Interest Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments" means the order of priority pursuant to 
which the Principal Available Funds shall be applied on each Guarantor Payment Date prior to the 
delivery of an Issuer Default Notice in accordance with the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Premium" means the amount indicated by the Issuer for each Seller, and calculated by the Guarantor 
Calculation Agent as provided in Schedule 5 of the Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Principal Available Funds" means in respect of any Guarantor Calculation Date, the aggregate of, 
without duplication: 
(i) 
all principal amounts collected by the Master Servicer or any Servicer in respect of the Cover 
Pool and credited to the Collection Account net of the amounts applied to purchase Eligible 
Assets, Integration Assets and Liquid Assets, during the immediately preceding Collection 
Period; 
(ii) 
all other recoveries in the nature of principal received by the Master Servicer or any Servicer 
and credited to the Collection Account; 
(iii) 
all principal amounts received from each Seller by the Guarantor pursuant to the Master Loans 
Purchase Agreement; 
(iv) 
the proceeds of any disposal of Eligible Assets,  Integration Assets or Liquid Assets; 
(v) 
any swap principal payable under the Swap Agreements, if any;  
(vi) 
all the amounts allocated pursuant to item Sixth of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest 
Priority of Payments; 
(vii) 
before an Issuer Default Notice, the principal amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity 
Buffer Account as indicated in the reimbursement request submitted by the Issuer before the 
relevant Guarantor Calculation Date, in accordance with the provisions of the Subordinated 
Loan Agreement executed by the Issuer; and 
(viii) 
following an Issuer Default Notice, and before a Guarantor Default Notice, all principal 
amounts standing to the credit of the Liquidity Buffer Account as at the relevant Guarantor 
Calculation Date. 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to Euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European

--- Page 294 ---
294 
 
Communities as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Principal Paying Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to New 
Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected (in the case of 
a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Principal Paying Agent. 
"Principal Instalment" means the principal component of each Instalment. 
"Principal Paying Agent" means BNP Paribas, Italian Branch, acting in its capacity as principal paying 
agent, or any such other entity as may be appointed pursuant to the Cash Allocation, Management and 
Payments Agreement. 
"Priority of Payments" means each of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, the 
Pre-Issuer Event of Default Principal Priority of Payments, the Guarantee Priority of Payments and the 
Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments, each as set out and defined in the Intercreditor Agreement. 
"Privacy Code" means the “Codice in materia di protezione dei dati personali” provided for in the 
Italian Legislative Decree number 196 of 30 June 2003, as subsequently amended, modified or 
supplemented. 
"Programme" means the programme for the issuance of each Series of Covered Bonds (obbligazioni 
bancarie garantite) by the Issuer in accordance with article 7-bis of the Law 130, as applicable until the 
Implementation Date or, from the Implementation Date, the article 7-quinquies and subsequent of Law 
130. 
"Programme Agreement" means the programme agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021 
between, inter alios, the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Issuer, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Dealers, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Programme Resolution" has the meaning given in the Rules of the Organisation of Covered 
Bondholders attached to the Conditions. 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
"Prudential Regulations" means the prudential regulations for banks issued by the Bank of Italy on 17 
December 2013 with Circular No. 285 (Disposizioni di vigilanza per le banche). 
“Public Entity” means any of the authorities or entities set out in article 129, paragraph 1, letters (a) and 
(b) of the CRR. 
"Public Entity Securities" means any securities issued by, or which have benefit of a guarantee eligible 
for credit risk mitigation granted by, Public Entities pursuant to Article 129, paragraph 1, let. (a) and (b) 
of the CRR and art. 7-novies of Law 130.  
"Put Option Notice" means a notice in the form attached to the Cash Allocation Management and 
Payments Agreement which must be delivered to the Principal Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by the Principal Paying Agent to a depositing Covered 
Bondholder upon deposit of a Put Option Notice with the Principal Paying Agent by any Covered 
Bondholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem Covered Bonds at the option of the Covered 
Bondholder;

--- Page 295 ---
295 
 
"Quarterly Master Servicer's Report" means the quarterly report prepared by the Master Servicer on 
the basis of the Quarterly Servicer Reports and the form provided for in schedule 2 – Part 3 (Schema di 
Rapporto Trimestrale del Master Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement, related to the activity of 
the Servicers in the previous quarter, and delivered by the Master Servicer on each Quarterly Report 
Date to the Guarantor, the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, the Guarantor Calculation Agent, the Asset 
Monitor, the Representative of the Covered Bondholder and the Rating Agencies. 
“Quarterly Servicer Report” means the quarterly report prepared by each Servicer, also through its IT 
Services Provider, on the basis of the form provided for in schedule 2 – part 2 (Schema di Rapporto 
Trimestrale del Servicer) of the Master Servicing Agreement, related to the activity carried out in 
relation to the Receivables in the previous quarter, and delivered to the Master Servicer, through an 
agreed computerized data transfer mechanism, by the 19th Business Day preceding each Quarterly 
Report Date. 
"Quarterly Report Date" means (a) prior to the delivery of a Guarantor Default Notice, the date falling 
on the 26th calendar day of April, July, October and January of each year or, if such day is not a Business 
Day, the immediately preceding Business Day; and (b) following the delivery of a Guarantor Default 
Notice, such date as may be indicated by the Representative of the Covered Bondholders. The first 
Quarterly Report Date will fall on 26 October 2021. 
"Quotaholder Corporate Servicer" means Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited. 
"Quotaholder Corporate Services Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 15 July 
2021, between the Quotaholder Corporate Servicer, the Quotaholders and the Guarantor, as amended 
and restated from time to time.   
"Quotaholders' Agreement" means the agreement entered into on or about 15 July 2021, between 
Iccrea Banca and Stichting Campari as quotaholders of the Guarantor, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Quotaholders" means Iccrea Banca and Stichting Campari. 
"Quota Capital" means the quota capital of the Guarantor, equal to Euro 10,000. 
"Quota Capital Account" means the Euro denominated account established in the name of the 
Guarantor with the Operating Bank (IBAN: IT96B0800003200000800031345) for the deposit of the 
Quota Capital. 
"Rating Agencies" means Moody's and/or any other rating agency which may be appointed from time 
to time by the Issuer in relation to any issuance of Covered Bonds or for the remaining duration of the 
Programme, and each of them is a "Rating Agency". 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Series of Covered Bonds specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms. 
"Real Estate Assets" means the real estate properties which have been mortgaged in order to secure the 
Receivables. 
"Receivables" means specifically each and every right arising under the Mortgage Loans pursuant to the 
Mortgage Loan Agreements, including but not limited to: 
(i) 
all rights in relation to all Outstanding Principal of the Mortgage Loans as at the relevant 
Transfer Date;

--- Page 296 ---
296 
 
(ii) 
all rights and claims in respect of the payment of interest, including default interest, accrued on 
the Mortgage Loans and not yet collected as at the Transfer Date;  
(iii) 
all rights in relation to the payment of interest (including default interest) on the Mortgage 
Loans as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(iv) 
all rights in relation to the reimbursement of expenses and in relation to any losses, costs, 
indemnities and damages and any other amount due to each Seller in relation to the Mortgage 
Loans, the Mortgage Loan Agreements, including penalties and any other amount due to each 
Seller in the case of prepayments of the Mortgage Loans, and to the warranties and insurance 
related thereto, including the rights in relation to the reimbursement of legal, judicial and other 
possible expenses incurred in connection with the collection and recovery of all amounts due in 
relation to the Mortgage Loans up to and as from the relevant Transfer Date; 
(v) 
all rights in relation to any amount paid pursuant to any Insurance Policy or guarantee in 
respect of the Mortgage Loans of which each Seller is the beneficiary or is entitled pursuant to 
any liens (vincoli); 
(vi) 
all of the above together with the Mortgages and any other security interests (garanzie reali o 
garanzie personali) assignable as a result of the assignment of the Receivables (except for the 
fidejussioni omnibus which have not been granted exclusively in relation to or in connection 
with the Mortgage Loans), including any other guarantee granted in favour of the Sellers in 
connection with the Mortgage Loans or the Mortgage Loan Agreements and the Receivables. 
"Receiver" means any receiver, manager or administrative receiver appointed in accordance with clause 
8 (Appointment of Receiver) of the Deed of Charge. 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount, the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount. 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate.   
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding 
the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the 
day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from 
and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period.

--- Page 297 ---
297 
 
"Related Security" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 2.3(a) (Nominal Value) of the 
Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Relevant Clearing System" means Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
clearing system (other than Monte Titoli) specified in the relevant Final Terms as a clearing system 
through which payments under the Covered Bonds may be made. 
“Relevant Public Entity Securities Documents” (Documenti Giustificativi dei Titoli di Enti Pubblici) 
means, where available, the relevant prospectuses (or, for Public Entity Securities in respect of which 
duty to publish a prospectus is not provided for, the issue notice published in accordance with the 
relevant applicable law) and/or the terms and conditions of the Securities (or similar documents in 
accordance with the relevant applicable law). 
"Renegotiated Mortgage Loans" means Mortgage Loans in relation to which the relevant borrower 
benefits from (i) rescheduling or suspension of payments agreements (including moratoriums) in 
accordance with applicable legislation or agreements entered into by the Italian Banking Association or 
other trade associations to which the relevant Seller is a party, or voluntary suspension programmes 
started by the relevant Seller, exclusively in order to deal with states of emergency and/or calamitous 
events (both natural and man-made) or major economic crisis of national importance; (ii) voluntary 
suspension agreements entered into by the relevant Seller in order to deal with states of emergency 
and/or particular concern, including of local relevance. 
"Representative of the Covered Bondholders" means Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A., acting 
in its capacity as representative of the Covered Bond holders pursuant to the Intercreditor Agreement, 
the Programme Agreement, the Conditions and the Final Terms of each Series of Covered Bonds. 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 8.2 
(Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount" has the meaning ascribed to such term under 
clause 8.2 (Required Outstanding Principal Balance Amount) of the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan" (crediti ipotecari residenziali) means: 
(i) 
residential mortgage loans whose ratio between (a) the outstanding principal amount and (b) the 
value of the mortgaged property, pursuant to article 2, paragraph 1 of the Decree 310, is equal to 
or lower than 80 per cent; and 
(ii) 
from the Implementation Date, mortgage loans secured by residential real estate that meet the 
requirements of Article 129, paragraph 1, letter (d) of the CRR and Article 7-novies of Law 130. 
"Residential Mortgage Loan Agreement" means any residential mortgage loan agreement out of 
which Receivables arise. 
"Retention Amount" means an amount equal to Euro 50,000. 
"Rules of the Organisation of the Covered Bondholders" or "Rules" means the rules of the 
Organisation of the Covered Bondholders attached as exhibit to the Conditions of the Covered Bonds. 
"Securities Act" means the U.S. Securities Act of 1933. 
"Security" means the security created pursuant to, respectively, the Deed of Pledge and the Deed of 
Charge. 
"Securities Account" means the account that will be opened in the name of the Guarantor with the 
Account Bank, on which (a) all securities constituting Eligible Investments purchased by the Account

--- Page 298 ---
298 
 
Bank with the amounts standing to the credit of the Investment Account acting upon instructions of the 
Guarantor Calculation Agent (as directed by the Issuer), and (b) all Eligible Assets, Integration Assets 
and Liquid Assets (other than Liquid Assets deposited on the Liquidity Buffer Securities Account) 
consisting of securities, will be deposited in accordance with and subject to the conditions of the Cash 
Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Selected Assets" has the meaning ascribed to such term under clause 8 (Disposal of Assets following an 
Issuer Default Notice) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Seller" means any seller in its capacity as such pursuant to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Series" or "Series of Covered Bonds" means each series of Covered Bonds issued in the context of the 
Programme.  
“Senior Liabilities” means 
(i) 
on any Guarantor Payment Date prior to the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, an amount 
equal to the sum of the payments due by the Guarantor pursuant to the items from (First) to 
(Third) of the Pre-Issuer Event of Default Interest Priority of Payments, as provided for in the 
relevant Payments Report; 
(ii) 
on any Guarantor Payment Date following the delivery of an Issuer Default Notice, an amount 
equal to the sum of the payments due by the Guarantor pursuant to the items from (First) to 
(Third) of the Guarantee Priority of Payments, as provided for in the relevant Payments Report. 
"Sole Affected Party" means an Affected Party as defined in the relevant Swap Agreement which at the 
relevant time is the only Affected Party under such Swap Agreement. 
"Specific Criteria" means the criteria listed in Schedule 2 (Criteri specifici di selezione e 
indentificazione dei Crediti) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement or the specific criteria that will be 
indicated by the relevant Seller, in relation to each transfer, in the related Transfer Notice. 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means with respect to:  
(i) 
the Principal Paying Agent, at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan;  
(ii) 
the Guarantor Corporate Servicer, at Via V. Alfieri,1 Conegliano (TV);  
(iii) 
the Guarantor Calculation Agent, at Via V. Alfieri,1 Conegliano (TV);  
(iv) 
the Account Bank, at Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3, Milan; 
(v) 
the Operating Bank and the Test Calculation Agent, at Via Lucrezia Romana, n. 41/47-00178 
Rome. 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms. 
"Stabilisation Manager" means each Dealer or any other person acting in such capacity in accordance 
with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
"Staff Mortgage Loans" means Mortgage Loans granted to natural person, which, as at the date of the 
disbursement of the Mortgage Loan, were employees of the relevant Seller.

--- Page 299 ---
299 
 
"Statutory Tests" means such tests provided for under article 7-undecies of Law 130 and namely: (i) 
the Nominal Value Test, (ii) the Net Present Value Test and (iii) the Interest Coverage Test, as further 
defined under clause 2 (Statutory Test) of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
“Step-Up Covered Bond” means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Step-Up Event” has the meaning ascribed to such term in the applicable Final Terms. 
“Step-Up Margin” means the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms as being the Step-Up 
Margin. 
"Stock Exchange" means the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
"Subordinated Loan" means the loan granted or to be granted to the Guarantor pursuant to article 2 (Il 
Finanziamento Subordinato) of each Subordinated Loan Agreement or the outstanding principal amount 
of such Subordinate Loan. 
"Subordinated Loan Agreement" means each subordinated loan agreement entered into between a 
Subordinated Loan Provider and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Subordinated Loan Interest Period" means, in relation to any Subordinated Loan: (i) the relevant 
First Interest Period; and thereafter (ii) each monthly period starting on a Guarantor Payment Date 
(excluded) and ending on the following Guarantor Payment Date (included). 
"Subordinated Loan Provider" means each Seller, in its capacity as subordinated loan provider 
pursuant to the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement, and "Subordinated Loan Providers" means, 
collectively, all of them. 
"Subscription Agreements" means each subscription agreement entered into on or about the Issue Date 
of each Series of Covered Bonds between each Dealers and the Issuer. 
"Subsidiary" has the meaning ascribed to such term in Article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code. 
"Servicer" means each Seller, acting in its capacity as servicer pursuant to the Master Servicing 
Agreement. 
"Suspension Period" means the period of time following an Article 74 Event. 
"Swap Agreements" means, collectively, each Asset Swap Agreement, each Liability Swap Agreement 
and any other swap agreement that may be entered into in connection with the Programme.  
"Swap Collateral" means the collateral which may be transferred by the Swap Provider to the Issuer or, 
as the case may require, the Guarantor in support of its obligations under the Swap Agreements. 
"Swap Collateral Account Bank" means any bank which may be appointed as swap collateral account 
bank in accordance with the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Account Bank Report" means the report to be prepared and delivered by the Swap 
Collateral Account Bank, if appointed, to the Guarantor, the Sellers, the Representative of the Covered 
Bondholders, the Master Servicer, the Servicers and the Guarantor Calculation Agent in accordance with 
the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Swap Collateral Accounts” means, collectively, any Swap Collateral Cash Account and any Swap 
Collateral Securities Account. 
"Swap Collateral Cash Account" means any collateral account with respect to each Swap Provider, 
which may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with the Swap Collateral Account Bank

--- Page 300 ---
300 
 
on which each Swap Collateral in the form of cash may be posted in accordance with the relevant Swap 
Agreement and the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Securities Account" means any collateral account (if any) related to each Swap 
Provider which may be opened, in name and on behalf of the Guarantor, with the Swap Collateral 
Account Bank on which the Swap Collateral in the form of securities may be posted in accordance with 
the relevant Swap Agreement and the Cash Allocation Management and Payments Agreement. 
"Swap Collateral Excluded Amounts" means at any time, the amounts of Swap Collateral which may 
not be applied under the terms of the relevant Swap Agreement at that time in satisfaction of the relevant 
Swap Provider's obligations to the Guarantor or, as the case may be, the Issuer including Swap 
Collateral which is to be returned to the relevant Swap Provider from time to time in accordance with 
the terms of the Swap Agreements and ultimately upon termination of the relevant Swap Agreement. 
"Swap Providers" means, collectively, the Asset Swap Providers, the Liability Swap Providers and the 
providers of any other swap or other hedging agreements that may be entered into in connection with the 
Programme. 
"T2 Settlement Day" means any day on which real time gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem (T2) (or any successor thereto) is open for the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Termination Date" means the first between the following: (i) the date on which the appointment of the 
Servicer's Substitute becomes effective; and (ii) the date on which there are no longer any Receivables in 
the Portfolio. 
"Tests" or "Test" means, collectively, the Statutory Tests and the Amortisation Test. 
“Test Calculation Agent” means Iccrea Banca, acting as test calculation agent for the Tests, the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount, Exposure Assets Limit and Minimum OC Requirement or any other 
institution that, from time to time, may be appointed as such pursuant to the Cash Allocation, 
Management and Payments Agreement. 
“Test Calculation Date” means: (i) prior to the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a 
breach of Test and/or the Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit has 
occurred, the date falling two Business Days immediately following each Guarantor Calculation Date 
and (ii) following the delivery of a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test and/or the 
Liquidity Buffer Target Amount and/or the Exposure Assets Limit has occurred, the second Business 
Day of the month immediately following the date of such Test Performance Report and, thereafter, the 
second Business Day of each month for the following six month-period. 
“Test Grace Period” means the 20 (twenty) Business Days period starting on the Test Calculation Date 
on which a Test Performance Report assessing that a breach of Test has occurred is delivered by the Test 
Calculation Agent. 
"Test Performance Report" means the report to be delivered, not later than the Test Calculation Date, 
by the Test Calculation Agent pursuant to the terms of the Cover Pool Management Agreement. 
"Total Commitment" with respect to each Subordinated Loan Provider, has the meaning ascribed to 
such term under the relevant Subordinated Loan Agreement. 
"Tranche" means the tranche of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to which each Final Terms 
relates, each such tranche forming part of a Series.

--- Page 301 ---
301 
 
"Transfer Agreement" means any transfer agreement for the purchase of each Portfolio entered into in 
accordance with the terms of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, as amended and restated from time 
to time. 
"Transfer Date" means with reference to each Portfolio, the date of acceptance of the relevant Transfer 
Notice pursuant to Article 3.2 (a) of the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
"Transfer Notice" means, in respect to each Portfolio, such transfer notice which will be sent by each 
Seller and addressed to the Guarantor in the form set out in schedule 4 (Modello di proposta di cessione 
di Nuovi Portafogli) to the Master Loans Purchase Agreement. 
“Transitory Collection Accounts” means the bank accounts established in the name of the Guarantor 
with the Operating Bank and indicated in Schedule 6 (Conti Incassi Transitori) of the Master Servicing 
Agreement into which all the Collections will be transferred. 
"Transaction Documents" means the Master Loans Purchase Agreement, the Master Servicing 
Agreement, the Warranty and Indemnity Agreement, the Cash Allocation, Management and Payments 
Agreement, the Programme Agreement, each Subscription Agreement, the Cover Pool Management 
Agreement, the Intercreditor Agreement, each Subordinated Loan Agreement, the Asset Monitor 
Agreement, the Covered Bond Guarantee, the Corporate Services Agreement, the Swap Agreements (if 
any), the Mandate Agreement, the Quotaholders' Agreement, these Conditions, each Final Terms, the 
Deed of Charge, the Deed of Pledge, the Master Definitions Agreement, the Quotaholder Corporate 
Services Agreement and any other agreement entered into from time to time in connection with the 
Programme. 
"Usury Law" means the Law number 108 of 7 March 1996 together with Decree number 394 of 29 
December 2000 which has been converted in law by Law number 24 of 28 February 2001. 
"Valuation Date" means with reference to each Portfolio, the date indicated by the Guarantor in the 
relevant Transfer Notice. 
"Value Added Tax" or "VAT" means Imposta sul Valore Aggiunto (IVA) as defined in D.P.R. number 
633 of 26 October 1972. 
"Warranty and Indemnity Agreement" means the warranty and indemnity agreement entered into 
between the Sellers and the Guarantor, as amended and restated from time to time. 
"Zero Coupon Covered Bond" means a Covered Bond specified as such in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 302 ---
302 
 
THE ISSUER 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47 
00178 Rome 
Italy 
THE GUARANTOR 
Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. 
Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47 
00178 Rome 
Italy 
THE SELLERS 
Banca Centro - Credito 
Cooperativo Toscana - Umbria 
Società Cooperativa 
Credito Cooperativo 
Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese 
- Società Cooperativa 
Credito Cooperativo Friuli 
(Abbreviato Credifriuli) – 
Società Cooperativa  
Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
di Milano - Società 
Cooperativa 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
Venezia Giulia – Società 
Cooperativa (formerly, Banca 
di Credito Cooperativo di 
Staranzano e Villesse - Società 
Cooperativa) 
Banca Patavina Credito 
Cooperativo di Sant’Elena e 
Piove di Sacco - Società 
Cooperativa 
Centromarca Banca - Credito 
Cooperativo di Treviso e 
Venezia 
Banca della Marca Credito 
Cooperativo - Società 
Cooperativa 
 
Emil Banca - Credito 
Cooperativo - Società 
Cooperativa 
Banco Fiorentino - Mugello 
Impruneta Signa - Credito 
Cooperativo – Società 
Cooperativa 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di 
Binasco - Credito Cooperativo 
Società Cooperativa 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
di Busto Garolfo e Buguggiate 
- 
Società Cooperativa 
Banco di Credito Cooperativo 
di Roma - Società Cooperativa 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e 
di Maremma - Credito 
Cooperativo – S.c. 
 
Credito Padano Banca di 
Credito Cooperativo - Società 
Cooperativa 
ARRANGERS

--- Page 303 ---
303 
 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47 
00178 Rome 
Italy 
DEALER 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
Ireland D02 RF29 
REPRESENTATIVE OF THE COVERED BONDHOLDERS 
Banca Finanziaria Internazionale S.p.A. 
Via V. Alfieri 1 
31015 Conegliano (TV) 
Italy 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Italian Branch 
Piazza Lina Bo Bardi 3 
20124, Milan 
Italy 
LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To Barclays as Arranger and Dealer 
as to English and Italian law 
BonelliErede  
30 Cannon Street  
EC4M 6XH,  
To Iccrea Banca as Issuer and to the Sellers 
as to English and Italian law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP
Piazza della Croce Rossa 2 
00161 Rome

--- Page 304 ---
304 
 
London  
United Kingdom 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
Mazars Italia S.p.A 
Via Ceresio, 7 
20154 Milan 
Italy