--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10234715757-v17 
- 1 -
47-41037950 
 
 
 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
 
€3,000,000,000 
 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base 
prospectus (the "Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") may from time 
to time issue certain non-equity securities in bearer form denominated in any currency, as described in further 
detail herein. The notes issued by the Issuer may be governed by English law (the "English Law Notes") or by 
Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" and together with the English Law Notes, the "Notes").  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the "CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the 
quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial opportuneness of the transaction or the quality 
and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 
(the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). 
Application has been made by the Issuer for Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus 
during the period of twelve months after the date hereof to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on 
the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
"MiFID II"). The Programme also allows for Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed 
with the Issuer. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under the Conditions (as 
defined herein) as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in 
a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms 
and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
References herein to "Final Terms" shall, if the context so requires, be deemed to be references to the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, for financing or refinancing green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, in accordance 
with the principles set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green 
Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). 
The Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series") and each Series may be issued in one or more tranches (each, 
a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in relation thereto 
in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date 
of approval (being 7 September 2022) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). The expiry date of the validity of the Base Prospectus is 7 
September 2023.

--- Page 2 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 2 -
47-41037950 
 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money 
Markets Institute ("EMMI"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as a benchmark 
administrator, and included on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
As more fully set out in "Taxation", payments of interest, premium and other income on Notes qualifying as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject in principle to a 
substitutive tax (referred to as the imposta sostitutiva), in certain circumstances. Imposta sostitutiva is levied at 
the rate of 26 per cent. In order to obtain exemption from the imposta sostitutiva in respect of payments of interest, 
premium or other income relating to the Notes, each Noteholder not resident in the Republic of Italy is generally 
required to certify, inter alia, that such Noteholder is eligible for the exemption, as more fully set out in 
"Taxation". 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes in bearer form denominated in any 
currency agreed between the Issuer, the original dealer named on page 2 and any additional dealer appointed under 
the Programme from time to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). Notes admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
would otherwise require the publication of a prospectus under Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum 
denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency). Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes 
are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency). The aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will 
not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Issuer has been assigned public ratings by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") on 10 February 2022 as 
'BB-', by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") on 1 December 2021 as 'BB (high)') and by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P") on 31 January 2022 as 'BB'. Each of Fitch, DBRS and S&P are established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each Fitch, 
DBRS and S&P appear on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu. 
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
rating DBRS has given to the Issuer is endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The risk factors that may affect the 
abilities of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
Arranger and Sole Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 7 September 2022

--- Page 3 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 3 -
47-41037950 
 
Important Notices 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
Final Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission 
likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, 
each relevant Final Terms) contains all information which the Issuer believes to be (in the 
context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such 
information is true and accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material 
respect; that any opinions, predictions, expectations or intentions expressed herein are honestly 
held or made and are not misleading in any material respect; that there are no other facts in 
relation to the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the 
omission of which would, in the context of the Programme and the issue, offering and sale of 
the Notes, make any statement therein, or opinions or intentions expressed therein misleading 
in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been made to verify the foregoing. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as 
defined herein) of Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms 
(as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in 
relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information 
as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective 
affiliates, and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation 
or warranty or accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any 
implication that the information contained in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or 
that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably likely to involve any adverse 
change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), business, prospects or general affairs of the 
Issuer or any of its subsidiaries since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon which this Base 
Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is 
supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of 
the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this 
Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions

--- Page 4 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 4 -
47-41037950 
 
on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any 
Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or to U.S. persons. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes and none of them should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise), business, prospects or general affairs of the 
Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or 
makes any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor 
expectations or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels.   
None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of proceeds for any Notes issued as Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of proceeds. 
In addition, none of the Dealers have conducted any due diligence on the Issuer's Green, Social 
and Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds"). No 
representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the suitability or reliability of any 
opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such opinion or 
certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the event 
any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission 
will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a 
dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock 
exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such 
listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine 
ESG ratings may differ. The Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group's ESG rating is not necessarily 
indicative of its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability of 
the Issuer to service the Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG 
ratings information contained in this Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment 
decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes.  Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings 
are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight in respect of their determination and 
award of ESG ratings.  For more information regarding the evaluation methodologies used to

--- Page 5 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 5 -
47-41037950 
 
determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's website (which website 
does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base Prospectus). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs 
Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, 
as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or 
(ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.  
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that 
Tranche, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 6 -
47-41037950 
 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled 
"UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, 
calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale")). The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be 
outstanding at any one time under the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject 
to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer Agreement as defined under 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings applicable to the Issuer 
described above or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not 
each credit rating applied for in relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or 
(2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise: 
references to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic

--- Page 7 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 7 -
47-41037950 
 
Area; references to a "Condition" are to the correspondingly numbered provision set forth in 
the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes (the "Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes") or the terms and conditions of the Italian Law Notes (the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes" and, together with the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes, the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", or the "Conditions")"; references to "€", 
"EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; references to "U.S.$", "U.S. 
dollars" or "dollars" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United States; 
references to "£" and "Sterling" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United 
Kingdom; and references to "billions" are to thousands of millions. 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes include summaries of, and are subject to, 
the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 7 September 2022 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the English Law 
Notes"). In respect of the Italian Law Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 
7 September 2022 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency 
Agreement for the Italian Law Notes"). 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly 
and figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures 
which precede them. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer 
or Dealers (if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of 
any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect 
transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than 
that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. 
Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, 
may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted 
by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the 
Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In 
particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the 
Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement;

--- Page 8 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 8 -
47-41037950 
 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context 
of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment 
in the Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different 
from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible 
scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally 
do not purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase 
complex financial instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, 
measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should 
not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either 
alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will 
have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of 
certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation 
by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine 
whether and to what extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as 
collateral for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or 
pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate 
regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based 
capital or similar rules.

--- Page 9 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 9 -
47-41037950 
 
MARKET INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus 
regarding the market share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's 
analysis of data obtained from public sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer 
to be reliable, the Issuer has not independently verified such information, but the Issuer takes 
responsibility for the correct reproduction of such information. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-
looking, including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, 
expansion of operations, trends in their business and their competitive advantage, information 
on technological and regulatory changes and information on exchange rate risk and generally 
includes all statements preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", 
"project", "anticipate", "seek", "estimate", "aim", "intend", "plan", "continue" or similar 
expressions. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks 
and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may 
not occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future 
performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ materially from 
those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors are 
cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of 
the date hereof. 
Any forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the 
Issuer does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update forward-looking 
statements set forth in this Base Prospectus. Many factors may cause the Issuer's or the Group's 
results of operations, financial condition, liquidity and the development of the industries in 
which they compete to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-
looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as 
defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not 
recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), are used 
by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In 
particular: 
(i) Direct lending portfolio: the direct lending portfolio, as indicated under the first sub-paragraph 
of paragraph "Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches" of the section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer", is composed of current accounts and demand deposits, time deposits, 
securities issued and other payables.  
(ii) Customer Loans: the composition of the portfolio of the Group’s loans to customers is indicated 
under the second and the sixth sub-paragraphs of paragraph "De-risking and NPE reduction" of 
the section entitled "Description of the Issuer". In this respect, it should be noted that:  
a) Gross NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of gross impaired customer loans to 
the aggregate of gross customer loans, and provides a summary indication of the quality of 
NPL portfolio.

--- Page 10 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 10 -
47-41037950 
 
b) Net NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of impaired customer loans net of the 
relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore) to the overall net amount of costumer 
loans, and provides a summary of the quality of the NPL portfolio.  
c) NPLs coverage: this indicator is calculated as the ratio of the total amount of accrued value 
adjustments (rettifiche di valore) on impaired customer loans to the amount of impaired 
customer loans gross of the relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore), and 
provides a summary indication of the level of coverage of impaired customer loans. 
d) funding from ordinary customers:  the funding from ordinary customers, is indicated under 
the second sub-paragraph of paragraph "Financial Information" of the section entitled 
"Description of the Issuer". The aggregate value of the customers loans indicated thereof 
includes loans registered as amortised financial activities, net of exposures represented by 
securities.

--- Page 11 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 11 -
47-41037950 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page
Important Notices....................................................................................................................... 3 
Market Information and Statistics .............................................................................................. 9 
Forward Looking Statements ..................................................................................................... 9 
General Description of the Programme ................................................................................... 12 
Risk Factors ............................................................................................................................. 26 
Presentation of Financial Information ..................................................................................... 59 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................... 61 
Further Prospectuses and Supplements .................................................................................... 64 
Forms of the Notes ................................................................................................................... 65 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes .................................................................... 70 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes .................................................................... 122 
Form of Final Terms .............................................................................................................. 173 
Use of Proceeds...................................................................................................................... 202 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes while in Global Form ................................... 203 
Description of the Issuer ........................................................................................................ 207 
Taxation ................................................................................................................................. 258 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................. 266 
General Information ............................................................................................................... 271

--- Page 12 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 12 -
47-41037950 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended). This description does not 
purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" or elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this description. 
Issuer: 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
NNVPP80YIZGEY2314M97 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.,  
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the 
Issuer either generally in respect of the Programme or in 
relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the 
appointment of any Dealer under the Programme, or 
appoint additional Dealers either in respect of one or 
more Tranches or generally in respect of the Programme.
Fiscal Agent and Luxembourg 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing, Approval and 
Admission to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made 
for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the 
Official List of and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may 
be listed or admitted to trading (as the case may be) on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to 
each Series as specified in the Final Terms. Notes may 
also be issued which are neither listed nor admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear 
Bank 
SA/NV 
("Euroclear") 
and/or 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream Banking ") 
and/or, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other 
clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 13 -
47-41037950 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding at any one time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-
syndicated basis. Notes will be issued in Series. Each 
Series may comprise one or more Tranches issued on 
different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will all be 
subject to identical terms, except that the issue date and 
the amount of the first payment of interest may be 
different in respect of different Tranches. The Notes of 
each Tranche will all be subject to identical terms in all 
respects, save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of 
different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, 
for the purposes of that Tranche only, completes the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes or the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and this 
Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with 
this Base Prospectus. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue 
Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this 
Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms", in 
such case a drawdown prospectus will be made available 
and will describe the effect of the agreement in relation 
to such Notes. 
Forms of Notes: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche 
of Notes will initially be in the form of either a 
Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in 
each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Global Note which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as a Classic Global Note (each a "Classic Global 
Note" or "CGN") will be deposited on or around the 
relevant issue date with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each 
Global Note which is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as a New Global Note (each a "New Global Note" 
or "NGN") will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Banking. New Global Notes are 
intended to be held in a manner which would allow

--- Page 14 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 14 -
47-41037950 
 
Eurosystem eligibility, such eligibility depending upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
 
Notes that are not listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited 
with any other clearing system or may be delivered 
outside any clearing system provided that the method of 
such delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, 
the Fiscal Agent and the relevant Dealer. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be 
a condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of 
interest in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each 
Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes in accordance with its terms. Definitive 
Notes will, if interest-bearing, have Coupons attached 
and, if appropriate, a Talon for further Coupons and a 
Receipt for Instalment Notes.  
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars or 
Sterling or in any other currency or currencies, subject to 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be either senior preferred 
("Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred 
("Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and, together with the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") or 
subordinated ("Subordinated Notes") as described 
below. 
The Senior Preferred Notes will constitute direct, 
unconditional, 
unsubordinated 
and 
unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under 
the Senior Preferred Notes and the Receipts or Coupons 
related to them shall at all times rank (save for certain 
obligations required to be preferred by law, including any 
obligations permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally 
with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations 
of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes 
from time to time, including any obligations under 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations

--- Page 15 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 15 -
47-41037950 
 
permitted by law or by their terms to rank junior to the 
Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any), 
as described in Condition 4 (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes). 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Status of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes), the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect 
of principal, interest and other amounts will constitute 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are intended 
to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the 
purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Receipts or Coupons 
related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or 
future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their 
terms to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
any 
obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes and 
claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR); 
(ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, 
junior or senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
and 
(iii) senior to any present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to 
rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including, without limitation, the claims of the 
shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations 
under the Subordinated Notes or any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set 
forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis) of the 
Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation 
which may be enacted from time to time for the purposes 
of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, 
regulations or guidelines implementing the rules set forth 
in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive, as described in 
Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 16 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 16 -
47-41037950 
 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured 
and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are 
intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 
Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and Part 
II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations), as described 
in Condition 6 (Status of the Subordinated Notes).  
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the 
relevant Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole 
or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts 
or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) junior to all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Notes) or any other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the 
Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own fund items (elementi di fondi 
propri)); 
(ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other 
present or future obligations of the Issuer which do 
not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, 
junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes, including 
holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) senior to any present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to 
rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of 
the Issuer and any other obligations under 
instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital 
of the Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not 
qualify (or ceases to qualify) in its entirety as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated 
Notes will rank pari passu without any preference among 
the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with 
all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that 
have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders

--- Page 17 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 17 -
47-41037950 
 
of present or future outstanding indebtedness which 
qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 
Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of 
payment to the payment of any present or future claims 
of depositors of the Issuer and any other unsubordinated 
creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes following a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event: 
If Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified as applicable 
in the Final Terms, the Issuer may without the consent of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes substitute new notes 
for the Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall 
replace the Subordinated Notes (in the case of the 
English Law Notes only), or vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes subject to Condition 17(c) 
(Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes following a 
MREL Disqualification Event 
If Modification or Substitution of Notes for MREL 
Disqualification Event is specified as applicable in the 
Final Terms, the Issuer may without the consent of the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes substitute new notes for the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes whereby 
such new notes shall replace the Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of the English 
Law Notes only), or vary the terms of the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes subject 
to Condition 17(d) (Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following 
a MREL Disqualification Event). 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to 
be issued under the Programme will be determined by the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Maturity Period: 
Any Maturity Period as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum 
or maximum maturities as may be allowed or required 
from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant to 
Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated

--- Page 18 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 18 -
47-41037950 
 
Banking Act, the Maturity Date shall not fall earlier than 
twelve months after their Issue Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise 
permitted by current laws, regulations, directives and/or 
the requirements of the Relevant Authority (as defined in 
the Terms and Conditions) applicable to the issue of 
Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, Subordinated Notes 
must have a minimum maturity of five years (or, if issued 
for an indefinite duration, redemption of such Notes may 
only occur five years after their date of issue).  
 
Notes having a Maturity Period of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a Maturity Period of less than one year 
and either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the activity of 
issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment 
maintained by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such 
Notes must: (i) have a minimum redemption value of 
£100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; 
or (ii) be issued in other circumstances which do not 
constitute a contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by 
the Issuer. 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation, early 
redemption or repayment or redemption of Instalment 
Notes, Notes will be redeemed at par as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Notes 
may be redeemed in two or more instalments in such 
amounts and on such dates as may be indicated in such 
Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the 
relevant Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated 
maturity (other than for taxation reasons or following an 
Event of Default or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
for regulatory reasons) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or the 
Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and

--- Page 19 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 19 -
47-41037950 
 
on such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
The redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
pursuant 
to 
Conditions 
10(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 10(d) (Redemption 
of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), 
10(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 10(f) 
(Partial redemption) shall be subject to compliance by 
the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or 
repurchase prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time (including any requirements applicable 
to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification 
of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at 
such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the 
MREL Requirements) and (ii) in case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis and Article 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which 
may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant 
Authority at the relevant time (as described in Condition 
10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes)). 
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes 
pursuant to Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) and 
any early redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(b) 
(Redemption for Taxation Reasons), 10(c) (Redemption 
for Regulatory Reasons), 10(e) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial redemption) shall 
be subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority 
to the extent required by and in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. If such approval is not 
given on or prior to the relevant redemption date, the 
Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant Authority for its 
consent to such redemption as soon as the conditions 
permit. The Issuer will use its best endeavours to 
maintain the required regulatory capital and to obtain 
such approval. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at 
the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or 
(in case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) at the option of the Issuer due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event and/or (where the Notes 
are Senior Notes) at the option of the Noteholders to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and subject to all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements. In the case of Subordinated Notes, early

--- Page 20 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 20 -
47-41037950 
 
redemption may occur only with the prior approval of the 
Relevant Authority. In the case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, early redemption shall be 
subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions 
to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Tax or Regulatory 
Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, 
early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons 
as described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), or in the case of Subordinated Notes, for 
regulatory reasons as described in Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons). 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. 
Interest (if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating 
rate and the method of calculating interest may vary 
between the issue date and the maturity date of the 
relevant Series. 
 
Fixed Rate Notes: Fixed interest will be payable in 
arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Reset Notes: Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial 
period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate of interest 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the 
fixed rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms by reference to a 
mid-market swap rate, as adjusted for any applicable 
margin, in each case, as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate Notes: Floating Rate Notes will bear 
interest determined separately for each Series as follows:
 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant 
Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue 
Date of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant 
Series (as specified in the relevant Final Terms)) as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 2021 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor 
thereto), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
each as published by ISDA (or any successor) on its

--- Page 21 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 21 -
47-41037950 
 
website (http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of 
the first Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the 
agreed screen page of a commercial quotation 
service. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for 
each Series of Floating Rate Notes. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: Payments of interest in 
respect of CMS Linked Interest Notes will be calculated 
by reference to the CMS Rate as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
 
Zero Coupon Notes: Zero Coupon Notes may be issued 
at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and will not 
bear interest. 
 
Interest Periods and Interest Rates: The length of the 
interest periods for the Notes and the applicable interest 
rate or its method of calculation may differ from time to 
time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both. 
The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. 
All such information will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) provides 
for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
Benchmark Event (as described in Condition 8(j)) occurs 
in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of 
Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate. In such event, the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate and, 
in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any), as well as 
any Benchmark Amendments. See Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) for further information. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to

--- Page 22 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 22 -
47-41037950 
 
compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory 
and/or central bank requirements and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the EEA or offered to the 
public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances 
which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, where the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
other currency). If the Final Terms so specify, and for so 
long as the Notes are represented by the Temporary 
Global Note or Permanent Global Note and the relevant 
clearing system(s) so permit, Notes may be issued in 
denominations of €100,000 and integral multiples of 
€1,000 in excess thereof up to and including €199,000. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of 
at least €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other 
than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified 
Currency). 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least 
€200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default 
The Events of Default in respect of the Senior Notes and 
the Subordinated Notes are limited to circumstances in 
which the Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an 
analogous event as set out in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and 
clear of withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, 
unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. 
In that event, the Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions 
as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such 
additional amounts in respect of principal and interest for 
the Senior Notes (if permitted by the MREL 
Requirements) and in respect of interest only for the 
Subordinated Notes, as will result in the Noteholders 
receiving such amounts as they would have received in 
respect of such Notes had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 
(Taxation), the Issuer will not be liable to pay any

--- Page 23 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 23 -
47-41037950 
 
additional amounts to Noteholders with respect to any 
payment, withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as amended 
and supplemented, on account of Italian substitute tax 
(imposta sostitutiva), as defined therein in relation to 
interest or premium payable on, or other income deriving 
from, any Notes. See "Taxation" below. 
Governing Law of the English 
Law Notes: 
English law, including all non-contractual obligations 
arising from or connected therewith, except for 
Conditions 4 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes), 5 
(Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 6 (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes) and 23 (Contractual recognition 
of bail-in powers) and any non-contractual obligations 
arising from or connected therewith, which are governed 
by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian 
law. 
Governing Law of the Italian 
Law Notes: 
The Italian Law Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Italian 
Law Notes will be governed by, and shall be construed 
in accordance with, Italian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Global 
Form: 
In the case of Global Notes for the English Law Notes, 
individual investors' rights against the Issuer will be 
governed by a Deed of Covenant dated 7 September 2022 
a copy of which will be available for inspection at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been assigned public ratings by Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") on 10 February 2022 
as 'BB-', by DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") on 1 
December 2021 as 'BB (high)' and by S&P Global 
Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") on 31 January 2022 as 
'BB' Fitch, DBRS and S&P are established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Fitch, DBRS and 
S&P appear on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit 
rating 
agencies 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu. 
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by 
Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The 
rating DBRS has given to the Issuer is endorsed by 
DBRS Ratings Limited, which is established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating

--- Page 24 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 24 -
47-41037950 
 
S&P has given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global 
Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will 
not necessarily be the same as any rating applicable to 
the Issuer. Details of the rating, if any, attributable to a 
Tranche of Notes will be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation 
to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be 
disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but 
which is endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA but which is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if 
such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK but which is 
certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are certain restrictions on the offer, sale and 
transfer of the Notes. For a description of such 
restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and 
on the distribution of offering material in the United 
States of America, the European Economic Area, the

--- Page 25 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 25 -
47-41037950 
 
United Kingdom, the Republic of Italy and Japan, see 
"Subscription and Sale" below. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's 
ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under 
the Programme. These are set out under "Risk Factors" 
below and include risks relating to competition and other 
operating and general banking risks, such as credit risk 
and interest rate risk. In addition, there are certain factors 
which are material for the purpose of assessing the 
market risks associated with Notes issued under the 
Programme and include risks related to the structure of a 
particular issue of Notes and risks common to the Notes 
generally.

--- Page 26 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 26 -
47-41037950 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under 
Notes issued under the Programme. Factors which the Issuer believes are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are 
also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in 
investing in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, 
principal or other amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons 
which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an 
investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information contained herein and 
their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgement and upon advice from such 
financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed necessary, prior to making any 
investment decision. 
 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and 
"Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have 
the same meaning in this section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base 
Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, 
the term "Terms and Conditions" or "Conditions" shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and any 
reference to a "Condition" shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
2. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and the market where the Issuer 
operates  
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework  
 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
The Issuer's financial performance is affected by the general economic conditions, in particular 
in the Republic of Italy and Europe. 
Adverse changes or a general deterioration in the Italian, European or global economic 
conditions, or arising from systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability 
and value of the Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's provision for bad and 
doubtful loans and other provisions. 
The Issuer is not a retail bank and its core institutional role is to provide key financial and credit 
services to the network of Banche di Credito Cooperativo (the "BCCs").

--- Page 27 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 27 -
47-41037950 
 
The BCCs' asset quality is exposed to domestic economic weakness through the composition 
of their loan portfolio, mainly to households, small enterprises and artisans. Sustained loan 
growth in the past few years, coupled with high loan portfolio concentration in the real estate 
sector for some BCCs, makes their credit risk vulnerable to the domestic economic 
environment.  
The persistence of the state of health emergency due to COVID-19 and the further restrictive 
measures issued by national and foreign authorities, in addition to the worsening of the global 
macroeconomic situation, has led to volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to 
volatility in, or disruption of, the credit markets at any time and may adversely affect the value 
of the Notes.  
The global situation continues to be dominated by uncertainties deriving from the evolution of 
the pandemic, and  the potential impacts, including a global, regional or other economic 
recession, are uncertain and difficult to assess.  
These additional risks may prejudice the Issuer’s ability to fully implement its Transformation 
Plan (as defined in paragraph ‘The Group’s strategic plan’ within the section "Description of 
the Issuer" below), impact on the Issuer’s profitability, in particular in terms of operating 
income and cost of risk, and therefore materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to 
make payments on the Notes and the liquidity thereof.  
If the spread of COVID-19 persists for a significant period of time, this could have a material 
negative impact on the global economy. Investors should note the risk that COVID-19, or any 
governmental or societal response to COVID-19, may affect the business activities and 
financial results of the Issuer, and/or may impact on the ability of the Issuer to make payments 
on the Notes. 
Historical Information and availability of Financial Information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the section headed "Description of the 
Issuer" represents the historical experience of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the 
future experience and performance of the Issuer will be similar to the past experience described 
in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should note that further downturns in the Italian economy could add to 
the competitive pressure through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business 
volumes for which to compete. This could affect the business activities and financial results of 
the Issuer and, in turn, the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
2. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and the market where the Issuer 
operates  
Global market conditions 
The Group's (and, therefore, the Issuer's) performance is affected by the financial markets and 
the macroeconomic and political environment of the countries in which it operates. 
Expectations regarding the performance of the global economy remain highly uncertain in both

--- Page 28 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 28 -
47-41037950 
 
the short term and medium term. Material adverse effects on the business and profitability of 
the Issuer may also result from further developments of the monetary policies and additional 
events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such as political instability, terrorism and any other 
similar event occurring in the countries where it operates and, as recently experienced, a 
pandemic emergency). Furthermore, the economic and political uncertainty of recent years has 
also introduced a considerable volatility and uncertainty in the financial markets.  
The current macroeconomic situation is characterised by high levels of uncertainty, mainly due 
to: (i) impact of government and international regulatory bodies' responses to COVID-19 on 
global growth and individual countries; (ii) recent developments in relation to the invasion of 
Ukraine by the Russian Federation, on 24 February 2022, which generated an international 
armed conflict, triggering a further increment of the volatility of global markets resulting in 
dampening growth prospects as a consequence of the heavy repercussions of the conflict in the 
costs of energy and supply of raw materials; (iii) the globaltrend towards protectionism; (iv) 
the uncertain outcome of the commercial dispute between the US and China, which could have 
an effect on international trade and therefore global production; (v) Brexit and the uncertain 
future relationship between the United Kingdom and the European Union; (vi) future 
developments in the European Central Bank (the ECB) and Federal Reserve (FED) monetary 
policies; (vii) the sustainability of the sovereign debt of certain countries and the related, 
repeated shocks to the financial markets; and (viii) the potential negative impacts on the 
economy arising from climate change and global warming at both world and national level.  
As a result, the Issuer's ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt 
to meet the financial requirements may be adversely impacted and costs of financing may 
significantly increase. This could materially and adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market 
value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Credit Risk  
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are exposed 
to the traditional risks related to credit activity and depends, amongst other things, on customers 
and counterparties complying with their payment obligations, and on the credit rating of 
customers. 
A number of factors affect a bank's credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for 
its entire loan book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific 
sectors, changes in the rating of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive 
position of counterparties, poor management by firms or counterparties given lines of credit, 
and other external factors, also of a legal and regulatory nature. 
Risk management methodologies, assessments and processes used by the Issuer to identify, 
measure, evaluate, monitor, prevent and mitigate any risks to which the Issuer is or might be 
exposed, are intended to guarantee adequate capital resources and an adequate liquidity profile 
of the Group. These include:

--- Page 29 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 29 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
the continued reduction of the non-performing loan stock; 
(ii) 
recovery actions in respect of non-performing exposures; and  
(iii) 
the setting up of a target model for the management and recovery of bad loans.  
However, such actions might not be sufficient to protect the Group against, for example, 
unexpected changes in the creditworthiness of a counterparty. In addition, following the 
COVID-19 outbreak and the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukrain, it cannot be excluded that 
credit quality for the year 2022 could be influenced with the potential impact not yet 
quantifiable.  
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are still 
exposed to additional risks relating to regulatory updates and commitments summarised as 
follows. 
The Issuer applied the most recent guidelines on the definition of default. The objective of such 
legislation on default is to harmonise the definition of default between different areas of the 
EU, strengthen the comparability of risk metrics between different players in banking industry, 
and ultimately achieve the homogenization and comparability of the classification framework 
regarding impaired credit facilities, as well as the minimization of the variability of RWA 
among financial institutions with similar risk profiles. The initial application of the new 
definition of default could generate a worsening in the economic performance of the Issuer. 
This is due to an increase in the non-performing exposure stock caused by the severity of the 
classification criteria. 
Secondly, the Issuer shall comply with the obligations laid down by the Regulation (EU) 
2019/630 of 17 April 2019 (“Calendar Provisioning”). In this context, the main risk consists 
in the increase in coverage to be applied to the non-performing according to the paths 
established by the Supervisory Authority. The application of Calendar Provisioning 
prescriptions required the Issuer to review impaired credit facility management strategies, to 
identify the potential impacts of different exposure types (e.g., secured/unsecured, etc) and to 
minimize those impacts through credit management (by evaluating the trade-off between the 
enhancement of recovery procedures and other possible de-risking actions). Overall, the 
interaction with other regulations, especially the new definition of default, which directly 
affects the Issuer's NPL amount, will ultimately amplify the Calendar Provisioning effects.  
Risks arising from the sovereign debt crisis 
The Issuer is affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets including, in 
recent years, the sovereign debt crisis in the Euro-zone. Credit quality has generally declined, 
as reflected by downgrades suffered by several countries in the Euro-zone, including Italy, 
since the beginning of the sovereign debt crisis in May 2010. The large sovereign debts and 
fiscal deficits in European countries have raised concerns regarding the financial condition of 
Euro-zone financial institutions and their exposure to such countries. These concerns may have 
an impact on Euro-zone banks' funding.

--- Page 30 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 30 -
47-41037950 
 
Furthermore, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the 
sovereign credit rating of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, 
further downgrades of Italy's credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit 
rating of Italian issuers such as the Issuer and make it more likely that the credit rating (if any) 
of Notes issued under the Programme are downgraded. 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's exposure to securities issued by the Italian government 
amounted to Euro 11.06 billion compared to approximately Euro 10.96 billion as at 30 June 
2021.  
The Issuer’s exposure refers for the most part to assets classified in the HTC Business Model 
– valued at amortized cost; it refers for Euro 0.36 billion to financial assets classified in the 
HTCS Business Model – whose changes in fair value have an impact on equity (Euro 0.28 
billion as at 30 June 2021). 
As at 31 December 2021, the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU 
Countries corresponded to Euro 11.18  billion (approximately 21 per cent of the Issuer’s total 
assets) compared to Euro 11.14 billion as at 30 June 2021 (approximately 22 per cent of the 
Issuer’s total assets). 
As at 31 December 2020, the Issuer’s exposure to securities issued by the Italian government 
amounted to Euro 10.20 billion; the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by 
EU Countries corresponded to Euro 10.40 billion and represented approximately 19 per cent. 
of the Issuer's total assets. 
Any further deterioration in the credit quality of securities issued by governments, central 
banks and other public entities held by the Issuer could materially and adversely affect the 
business, results of operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse 
effect on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Notes. 
Market risk 
The market risk involved in the Issuer's business activities lies in the risk of possible losses 
arising from changes in the market due to fluctuating or changing interest rates, foreign 
exchange rates, share prices and prices in general. This risk encompasses both trading book 
and banking book positions. Positions of risk are the result either of business positions taken 
for or in respect of customers, or of a deliberate assumption of such positions. 
The Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk exposure depend on its ability to identify 
properly, and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by 
movements in market prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results also depend on how 
effectively the Issuer determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit 
counterparty risk and market risk concentration. 
Risk related to fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates

--- Page 31 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 31 -
47-41037950 
 
The interest rate risk is the risk originating from the differences in the maturities and in the 
times for redefining the interest rate of the assets and liabilities included in the banking book. 
In the presence of these differences, the fluctuations in interest rates determine both a short-
term change in the expected profit, through the effects on the NII, and long-term effects on the 
economic value of the shareholders' equity, through the change in the market value of assets 
and liabilities. 
The measurement of the interest rate risk on the banking book is based on the valuation of the 
economic value and earnings-based measures. The Issuer adopts a risk management policy 
related to interest rate fluctuations aimed at maximizing profitability and limiting the risks of 
negative effects on the capital/income profile of potential adverse changes in interest rates. 
A residual part of the Issuer's business is carried out in currencies other than the Euro. 
Therefore, a negative change in exchange rates and / or an hedging strategy that is insufficient 
to cover the related risk could have negative effects on the business, results and equity and 
financial situation of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Impact of Russia-Ukraine war 
The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, together 
with the imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a 
number of countries including the European Union, has already had a significant impact on the 
European and global economy, with greater market volatility and significant increases in the 
prices of energy and natural gas. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, it is not possible to 
predict the broader consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export 
controls and embargoes, greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse 
effects on macroeconomic conditions, currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the 
supply of fuel and gas from Russia) and financial markets, all of which could, either directly 
or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of 
operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
Operational Risks 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of suffering losses due to inadequacy or failure of 
processes, human resources and internal systems, or as a result of external events. Operational 
risk includes legal risk, which is the risk of losses deriving from breaches of laws or regulations, 
contractual, out-of-contract liabilities or other disputes, ICT (Information and Communication 
Technology) risk and model risk. Strategic and reputational risks are not included.  
Omissions, mistakes, delays or interruptions by any supplier and, in general, any failure by 
them to comply with the minimum level of service required might cause adverse effects on the 
Issuer’s business. 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not 
be effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all 
types of risks (especially those due to potential exogenous factors such as external fraud), 
including risks that the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate.

--- Page 32 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 32 -
47-41037950 
 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its payment obligations due to 
its inability to secure funding or only being able to secure it at above-market costs (funding 
liquidity risk) or to the possibility of incurring capital losses on the sale of assets (market 
liquidity risk). 
Liquidity risk is identified and monitored using the operational and structural maturity ladder 
(in order to identify possible negative liquidity gaps in relation to specified maturity structure) 
and the overall liquidity indicator system (RAS, risk limits, contingencies, and additional 
metrics), designed to quickly identify potential strains. 
During the course of 2021, the Group's liquidity position remained within the risk limits set 
under both internal rules and external regulations. The RAS liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and 
net stable funding ratio (NSFR) were within their target ranges at values far above the risk 
appetite thresholds set when preparing the financial plan, with a decrease as at 31 December 
2021 since the 30 June of the same year on the LCR indicator from 300% to 290% and an 
increase on the NSFR indicator from 133% to 134%. 
Liquidity buffers at 31 December 2021 totalled around Euro 41.8  billion, about 78% of which 
was in Italian government securities. In terms of structural liquidity, the regulatory NSFR 
pointed to adequate levels of stable funding to cover the financing needs generated by the 
various forms of commercial lending and investment in the financial portfolio. 
The Issuer constantly monitors its own and the Group’s liquidity and funding risks. However, 
there can be no assurance that any negative developments in the conditions of the markets, in 
the general economic environment and/or in the Issuer's credit standing, combined with the 
need to align the Issuer's liquidity and funding position to regulatory requirements, would not 
have a negative impact on the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the 
Issuer and/or the Group. 
Risks associated with the UK’s withdrawal from the EU (Brexit)  
The UK left the EU as of 31 January 2020 and the transition period ended on 31 December 
2020. Consequently, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) ended the 
supremacy of EU law in the UK and, together with secondary legislation made under it, ensures 
there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The exit of the UK from the European Union, the possibility that other European Union 
countries could hold similar referendums to the one held in the UK and/or call into question 
their membership of the European Union and other ongoing political and economic uncertainty  
such as instability in Northern Ireland derived from the UK proposal to replace the current 
Northern Ireland protocol agreed with the EU, could have significant negative impacts on 
global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. Any of these 
effects of Brexit, and others which cannot be anticipated, could negatively affect the Issuer

--- Page 33 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 33 -
47-41037950 
 
and/or Group, their customers and counterparties, and have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework  
The Issuer is subject to capital requirements that could limit its operations  
The Issuer, as group head company (capogruppo) of the Group, is subject to capital adequacy 
guidance adopted by the ECB, which provides for a minimum ratio of total capital expressed 
as a percentage of risk adjusted assets on a consolidated basis. The capital buffer, as provided 
by the guidance, must be maintained in the form of Common Equity Tier I capital. The Issuer's 
failure to maintain its ratios would not constitute a breach of the minimum prudential 
requirements; however, the Issuer might be subject to restrictions upon maximum distributable 
amounts.  
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy  
The Issuer must comply with the revised global regulatory standards ("Basel III") on bank 
capital adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-
quality capital, better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be 
drawn down in periods of stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the 
risk-based requirement as well as two global liquidity standards. In terms of banking prudential 
regulations, the Issuer is also subject to the Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 
2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD", implemented in Italy with the Legislative Decree. 180 
and 181 of 16 November 2015) on the recovery and resolution of credit institutions, as well as 
the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (for example the 
European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA")), which, inter alia, provide for capital requirements for credit institutions, recovery 
and resolution mechanisms. 
Should the Issuer not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers 
optimal in order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the applicable laws and 
regulations, it may be required to maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its 
credit ratings and funding conditions. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access 
to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms (the "CRD IV Directive") and the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 (the 
"CRR", together with the CRD IV Directive, the "CRD IV Package") subsequently updated 
in the Regulation N. 2019/876 and Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the "Banking Reform Package 
with CRRII and CRDV"). In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV, the BRRD 
introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a minimum requirement of own 
funds and eligible liabilities (the "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities", "MREL").

--- Page 34 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 34 -
47-41037950 
 
The Banking Reform Package also contains Directive (EU) 2019/879 ("BRRD II"), which 
amended the BRRD, introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the 
calibration of the MREL requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining 
the scope of the MREL itself. The MREL requirement constrains the Group structure of 
liabilities and it requires the use of subordinated instruments, in the sense of eligible liabilities, 
which may impact the costs structure of the Group and potentially the Issuer's financing ability.  
Prospective noteholders should note that the resolution strategy and the MREL requirement is 
currently under discussion with the competent Authority. 
Risk related to the European Central Bank inspections at the Issuer and the outcomes of the 
Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP)  
Based on the new harmonised framework for supervisory review and evaluation implemented 
by the ECB, and following completion of the annual supervisory review and evaluation process 
("SREP") carried out on the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(f) of Council Regulation (EU) No. 
1024/2013, the ECB notified the Issuer of its SREP decision on 17 November 2020 that as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic it had taken the pragmatic decision to not adopt a new SREP 
decision, instead maintaining the prudential requirements determined in 2019 SREP decision 
for all of 2021. 
Accordingly, the consolidated own funds requirements for 2021 remained:  
 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) of 2.5%1; and 
 
a recommendation for Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) of 1.25%, which should consist entirely 
of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and held in addition to the Overall Capital Requirement 
(OCR).  
Given the above, for 2021 the ICCREA BCC Group was therefore required to meet:  
 
a Total SREP Capital Requirement (TSCR) of 10.5%; and 
 
an OCR equal to 13%. 
On 24 January 2022, the ECB notified the Issuer the SREP decision which establishes the 
prudential requirements to be maintained at the consolidated level with effect from 1 March  
2022. 
With this decision, which replaces the 2019 SREP decision that was applied in 2021 in view 
of the pandemic, the supervisory authorities established consolidated own funds requirements 
for 2022 as: 
 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) of 2.83% (of which 8 bps for the NPE P2R in 
reflection of calendar provisioning, which could be lowered by the end of the year subject 
to certain conditions), of which a minimum of 56.25% to be held in the form of Common 
Equity Tier 1, (CET1) and 75% in the form of Tier 1 capital; and 
 
1 On 8 April 2020, the ECB notified the Issuer that, given the difficulties faced by banking institutions due to the COVID-19 
pandemic, the Issuer's additional Pillar 2 own-funds requirement previously set was to be met in the form of CET1 capital for 
at least 56,25% and in the form of Tier 1 capital for at least 75%.

--- Page 35 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 35 -
47-41037950 
 
 
a recommendation for Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) of 1.75%, which should consist entirely 
of Common Equity Tier 1 capital and held in addition to the Overall Capital Requirement 
(OCR). 
For 2022, the Issuer (as group head company of the Iccrea BCC Group) is required to meet the 
following capital ratios at consolidated level and in term of Total Capital Ratios:  
 
Total SREP Capital Requirement of 10.83%;  
 
an OCR equal to 13,33%; and 
 
a Target Requirment (including P2G) of 15.08%  
while no specific requirements are imposed on the individual level. 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation  
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely 
stringent and detailed and the Issuer is subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory 
authorities, including ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB. In addition, the regulatory framework 
and supervision activity are subject to ongoing changes in the law and ongoing developments. 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes 
relating to the interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could 
negatively impact the operating results and capital and financial position of Iccrea. 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under the 
scope of the banking crisis rules  
The Group must comply with the contribution obligations required by legislation concerning 
bank resolution. Upon the occurrence of an increase in the ordinary contributions requested to 
the Group companies, the profitability of the Group would decrease and the level of capital 
resources of the Issuer and the Group would be adversely affected; should extraordinary 
contributions be requested to the Group, this could have a negative impact, even significant, 
on the Group's balance sheet and financial results. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-reducing 
measures have been introduced, both at European level and at individual Member State level. 
Their implementation involves significant outlays by individual financial institutions in support 
of the overall banking system. 
Ordinary contribution obligations reduce profitability and have a negative impact on the 
Group's capital resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level of ordinary contributions 
required from the Group will increase in the future in relation to the development of the amount 
related to protected deposits and/or the risk relating to the Group compared with the total 
number of banks committed to paying said contributions. 
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot be 
controlled or predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (including the National Guarantee 
Fund and the Fondo di Garanzia dei depositanti del Credito Cooperativo), the Single 
Resolution Fund and the National Resolution Fund, do not find themselves in a situation of

--- Page 36 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 36 -
47-41037950 
 
having to ask for more, new extraordinary contributions. This would involve the need to record 
further extraordinary expenses with impacts, including significant ones, on the capital and 
financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks arising from the reform of the Cooperative Credit Banks (BCC)  
The Issuer is (pursuant to the applicable legislation) the group head company (capogruppo) of 
the Iccrea cooperating banking group which, in addition to certain subsidiaries of the Issuer, 
comprises (as of the date of this Base Prospectus) 120 cooperative credit banks (banche di 
credito cooperative) (the "BCCs"). 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official 
Gazette of the Italian Republic (as subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law 
no. 49/2016) (the "BCC Reform Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures 
for Italy's cooperative credit banks. As described in the risk factor below, the Group has 
recently undergone a corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law and the Issuer 
has become group head company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) of 
the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea). For further 
information, please see the section "The Issuer". 
The BCC Reform Law requires cooperative banks (as an alternative to becoming a company 
limited by shares (società per azioni) and meeting certain other requirements) to be part of a 
cooperative banking group whose group head company has net assets (patrimonio netto) of at 
least Euro 1 billion, as a prerequisite for obtaining authorisation from the Bank of Italy to carry 
out banking securities in the form of a cooperative credit bank. 
The BCC Reform Law provides that the group head company shall manage and coordinate the 
activities of the group pursuant to an agreement called a "cohesion contract" (contratto di 
coesione). Such agreement, among other things, regulates the powers of the group head 
company and contains an inter-group financial support mechanism committing reciprocally 
any participating cooperative bank, both vertically (as between each cooperative bank and the 
group head company) and horizontally (as between each cooperative bank in the group).  
The liability sharing mechanism has the dual purpose of: (i) jointly guaranteeing the obligations 
of any cooperative bank in the group in its dealings with a third party (external guarantee) and 
(ii) providing financial support mechanisms for the solvency and liquidity of the participating 
cooperative banks (intra-group financial support mechanism). For further information 
regarding such cross guarantee mechanism in relation to the Group, see the risk factor "Risks 
arising out of the guarantee mechanism in the Cohesion Contract". 
The purpose of the intra-group financial support mechanism is to mobilise capital and liquidity 
within the group in order to be compliant with the regulatory requirements and to satisfy the 
demands of the supervisory authority avoiding the need to resort to crisis management 
procedures beyond the cooperative banking group. The mechanism, for the benefit of the 
cooperative bank ensures that their funding needs are met at all times.

--- Page 37 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 37 -
47-41037950 
 
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, at least 60% of the group head company's capital must be 
held by the cooperative banks belonging to the group. The remainder of its share capital may 
be held by equivalent entities (e.g. European banking cooperative groups and foundations 
(fondazioni)) or via the capital markets.  
In the case of the Issuer, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 96.189% of its shares are held 
by 120 BCCs together with Cassa Centrale Banca del Nord-Est, Raiffeisen Landesbank 
Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto Adige and certain other banks. The remaining portion is 
owned by certain other entities permitted by the BCC Reform Law. For further information, 
please see the section "The Issuer". 
The Issuer, as group head company, may subscribe "financing shares" (azioni di finanziamento) 
issued by a BCC pursuant to Article 2526 of the Civil Code and therefore help to strengthen 
the capital structure of the cooperative bank generally, as well as in situations where the 
cooperative bank is insufficiently capitalised or subject to extraordinary administration 
(amministrazione straordinaria). 
Prospective Noteholders should be aware that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
provisions of the BCC Reform Law and the implementing regulations of the Bank of Italy in 
Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013 (as amended on 2 November 2016) have not yet been 
tested judicially or by established market practice. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict 
with certainty the full impact of this legislative reform on the Issuer and its business and, while 
senior management of the Issuer believes such legislation to be a positive development for the 
Group, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential impact on the Group's results of 
operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on the market value of the 
Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The reforms described above are part of an ongoing process of consolidation of the Italian 
banking sector brought about, in part, from the implementation of European Directives aiming 
to liberalise and deregulate the banking sector in the European Union, and in particular in Italy, 
significantly increasing competitive pressure. In the event that the Group is not able to respond 
to such competition by, amongst other things, providing innovative and profitable products and 
services to meet the needs of clients, the Group could lose market share in the sectors in which 
it operates. In addition, as a result of such competition, the Group may fail to maintain or 
increase business volumes and profit levels that have been achieved in the past, resulting in 
adverse effects on the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition. 
Risk arising from the reorganisation and rationalisation of the Group pursuant to the BCC 
Reform Law  
The Issuer has recently undergone a substantial corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC 
Reform Law.  
On 1 June 2016 the Bank of Italy authorised pursuant to Article 57 of the Consolidated Banking 
Act the reverse merger by incorporation of ICCREA Holding S.p.A. into the Issuer. This 
reverse merger was carried out to allow the members of the group to comply with provisions

--- Page 38 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 38 -
47-41037950 
 
of the BCC Reform Law. The Issuer had prior to such merger and as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus has net assets (patrimonio netto) in excess of Euro 1.5 billion and, accordingly, 
meets the required threshold contained in the BCC Reform Law. Such reorganisation was 
approved by the board of directors of the Issuer on 26 February 2016, by the shareholders in 
an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer held on 12 July 2016 and formalised by a 
merger deed between the Issuer and ICCREA Holding S.p.A. dated 15 September 2016. As a 
consequence of such merger, effective as of 1 October 2016, the Issuer is now the head group 
company of the Group. The reverse merger was carried out in order to strengthen the Issuer's 
group as a whole and in particular from a corporate and regulatory standpoint. 
In order to satisfy the objectives outlined within the BCC Reform Law, the Issuer held meetings 
with local federations of the BCCs and set out a schedule of project activities, which are 
currently underway. Such activities are being carried out by committees, working groups and 
project management teams comprising staff from the Issuer, the BCCs and representatives of 
the BCCs’ federations. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of head of the 
group, and sent to the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the Bank of Italy its request to 
establish the Iccrea cooperative banking group, to which would adhere 142 BCCs and the 
establishment of the Group was authorised by the ECB on 24 July 2018.  
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved amendments to its by-
laws, to bring them in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group 
pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, and to increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, 
from Euro 1.15 billion to Euro 1.4 billion.  
On 4 March 2019 the ECB gave final approval to the establishment of the Group, which was 
then formally registered in the Italian register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) by 
the Bank of Italy.  
No guarantee can be given that the impact of the reorganisation of the Group will strengthen 
the same. Any failure of the implementation of the objectives pursuant to the Group's corporate 
reorganisation may have an adverse effect on the results of the Issuer's operations, business and 
financial condition and, consequently, on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability 
to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Risks arising out of the guarantee mechanism in the Cohesion Contract  
In January 2019, the Issuer and 142 BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion 
Contract") in accordance with the BCC Reform Law as described in more detail in the section 
"The Issuer– Recent Events".  
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism 
governed by Italian law which pursuant to Circular No. 285 has been created also to meet the 
requirements for a "cross guarantee scheme" as defined in the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee 
Scheme"). In particular:

--- Page 39 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 39 -
47-41037950 
 
 the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. In 
turn, each BCC cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will support 
the obligations of the Issuer and all other BCCs;  
 the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and 
the individual BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the 
Issuer;  
 in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and the 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the BCCs 
have put in place arrangements to ensure the prompt provision of financial means in terms 
of capital and liquidity if required. In particular, the Issuer and the BCCs have committed 
funds readily available to them which may be applied by the Issuer in its discretion and as 
it determines, in order to meet the obligations of the Issuer and the BCCs, thereby 
providing inter-group financial support; and 
 the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of 
which, in the case of the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with the 
Issuer plus a quota that can be called by the Issuer on demand if needed. 
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so 
its provision is an unavoidable condition. Prospective Noteholders should be aware, therefore, 
of the risk that the Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, 
if necessary, its own assets to provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance 
of the cross-guarantee obligations.  
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels for the Issuer's and BCCs' 
joint and several liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital 
resource of the Issuer and the individual BCCs (as the case may be).  
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial 
support mechanism within which the participating banks provide each other with financial 
support to ensure solvency and liquidity (particularly for the purpose of their compliance with 
the prudential requirements and requirements of the supervisory authority) and to avoid, where 
necessary, submission to resolution procedures pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or 
to compulsory administrative liquidation procedures pursuant to art. 80 and following. of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
The Cross Guarantee Scheme contained in the Cohesion Contract means that the Issuer has 
exposure to the liabilities of any BCC that defaults on its creditors. Any such default may result 
in an adverse effect on the Issuer's results of operations, business and financial condition.  
Risks connected with breaches of the Cohesion Contract  
Any breach of the Cohesion Contract by the Issuer or by one or more BCCs might have an 
impact on the Group as a whole.

--- Page 40 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 40 -
47-41037950 
 
The Cohesion Contract describes certain penalties, which vary according to the seriousness of 
the infringement, that may be applied by the Issuer in the event of breach of its directions, as 
well as other contractual obligations.   
In such regard, the Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer certain powers including the following:  
 to change the structure and operation of the individual Group BCC; 
 to restrict new transactions by suspending the taking of new risk; 
 to restrict the individual BCC's geographical reach; and 
 (in the most serious cases) to exclude an individual Group BCC from the Group. 
In case of breach of the Cohesion Contract, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential 
impact on the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, 
on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
2. Risks related to the Notes generally; and 
3. Risks related to the market generally. 
 
Category 1 (Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes) contains two further 
sub-categories: (a) Risks related to Senior Notes and (b) Risks related to Subordinated Notes. 
 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may 
have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not 
rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior 
to any redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as 
the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in the light of other 
investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons

--- Page 41 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 41 -
47-41037950 
 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any 
Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof 
or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding 
Notes in accordance with the Conditions. In such circumstances an investor may not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable security at an effective interest rate as high 
as that of the relevant Notes. 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) 
is applicable, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes following a 
Regulatory Event in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons). To 
the extent required by the Applicable Banking Regulations, any redemption of the 
Subordinated Notes shall be subject to the prior approval of the Bank of Italy, as further set out 
in Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a "relevant 
factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with 
changes in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than 
one or contains any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on 
interest payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even 
if the average level is consistent with their expectations. 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risks that substantial changes in market interest 
rates adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest 
rate will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is 
equal to zero, the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments 
for certain or all interest periods. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor

--- Page 42 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 42 -
47-41037950 
 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon 
a reference rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market 
values of other conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and 
with otherwise comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an 
increase in the reference rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also 
reflect an increase in prevailing interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value 
of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from 
a fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to 
convert the interest rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes 
since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall 
cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any 
time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to 
affect the interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value 
of the Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, 
the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the 
interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant 
Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). 
The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate 
of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the Reset Notes. 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
conventional interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the 
securities, the greater the price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing 
securities with comparable maturities.

--- Page 43 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 43 -
47-41037950 
 
Certain benchmark rates including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance 
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to 
be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the 
past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain 
transitional provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU. The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, 
could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or 
index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order 
to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the 
rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More 
broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased 
regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or 
otherwise participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations 
or requirements.  Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to certain "benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of 
quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and 
adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current 
benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-
term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the 
first time on 2 October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with 
the terms of the Benchmark Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in 
its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative 
benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue 
to be supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has 
done in the past and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors 
may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering 
changes in the rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the 
disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have 
a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 44 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 44 -
47-41037950 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference 
Rate (as defined in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a 
Reference Rate if applicable), such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue 
date of a Series of Notes and the Issuer shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an 
Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a Successor Rate or an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and, if applicable, an 
Adjustment Spread. Please refer to Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark Event.  
In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint 
an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a 
Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, or where (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) amendments to the terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and with 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event 
(as applicable) or (in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) 
would result in the Relevant Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective 
maturity date of the Notes, rather than the relevant Maturity Date, the ultimate fallback for the 
purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
may result in the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable) being the Reference Rate applicable as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Reference Rate 
may be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. This may result in effective 
application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability 
of Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent 
Adviser, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments 
that are substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments 
that could have been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its 
current form. In addition, while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to 
eliminate or minimise any potential transfer of value between counterparties, the application 
of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not do so and may result in the Notes performing 
differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than they would do if the 
Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making 
any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
(a) Risk relating to Senior Notes

--- Page 45 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 45 -
47-41037950 
 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") 
came into force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 
September 1993 as amended (the "Consolidated Banking Law"), including the possibility for 
banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the 
so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior 
non-preferred securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of 
such derivative securities; 
(iii) the minimum denomination is at least equal to Euro 150,000 (as amended by Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021); 
(iv) may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 
100, letter a), of the Consolidated Finance Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first 
paragraph, letter b) of Regulation No. 11971/1999 and Article 35, paragraph 1(d) of 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018; 
(v) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred 
securities expressly provide that payment of interest and reimbursement of principal due 
in respect thereof are subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, in case 
an issuer of senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione 
coatta amministrativa), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right 
of payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), including claims arising 
from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari 
passu with all other present and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do 
not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred 
securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-
preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law also provides that: 
A. the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Law shall apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any 
contractual provision which does not comply with any of the above requirements is invalid 
but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of the entire agreement; 
B. the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that 
any different contractual provision is null and void; and 
C. the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in 
respect of the issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities.

--- Page 46 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 46 -
47-41037950 
 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions 
of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law was 
recently enacted and that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the 
application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or 
regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above 
will be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which 
cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 
1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, 
senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as 
Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that 
an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the 
Issuer become insolvent.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments  
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the 
risks associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior 
non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating 
agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile 
as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings 
and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be 
lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti 
di debito chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 
12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority 
and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in 
the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does 
not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti 
di debito chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles

--- Page 47 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 47 -
47-41037950 
 
12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority 
and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in 
the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.  
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL 
Disqualification Event redemption 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). However, there is 
uncertainty regarding the final substance of the applicable MREL Requirements, and the Issuer 
cannot provide any assurance that the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be or remain eligible for the purposes of the MREL Requirements. Any changes to MREL 
under the European Commission's combined legislative proposal may be more restrictive than 
the EC Proposals (as defined in the Conditions). 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not eligible for the purposes of 
the MREL Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL Requirements and 
subsequently become ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing 
the MREL requirements), then an MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
In this respect, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case 
may be), and the applicable Final Terms for the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes of such Series specify that Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is 
applicable, the Issuer may redeem all, but not part, of the Notes of such Series at the price set 
out in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to (to the extent that the Relevant Authority so 
requires at the time of the proposed redemption) the Issuer having given such notice to the 
Relevant Authority as the Relevant Authority may then require prior to such redemption and 
no objection thereto has been raised by the Relevant Authority or (if required) the Relevant 
Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other requirements of the Relevant 
Authority applicable (if any) to such redemption at the time have been complied with by the 
Issuer (including, with reference to Senior Non-Preferred Notes, with respect to Article 12-bis 
and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority 
at the relevant time). A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by 
reason of a change in the MREL Requirements as implemented in Italian law and regulations 
and/or EU regulations, as the case may be, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer 
at the Issue Date of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements. The implementation of the minimum requirements for 
eligible liabilities under the BRRD is subject to the implementation of the EC Proposals (as 
defined in the Conditions) in the EU and in Italy. 
If the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can 
be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption 
at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification

--- Page 48 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 48 -
47-41037950 
 
Event could result in a decrease in the market price of the Notes. See also "Notes subject to 
optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes may be restricted 
Any redemption and repurchase of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be 
subject, where applicable, to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption 
or repurchase prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any 
requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements); and (ii) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis 
and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any regulatory authority 
at the relevant time. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the Issuer shall obtain, where applicable, the prior 
permission of the regulatory authority to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL 
Requirements. The EU Banking Reform states that the regulatory authority would approve the 
reduction, call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes where any of the following conditions is met in accordance with Article 78a 
of the CRR: 
(i) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes with own 
funds instruments or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are 
sustainable for the income capacity of the relevant Issuer; 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority that its own 
funds and eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive 
or the BRRD (or, in either case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing 
the CRD V Directive or, as appropriate, the BRRD) or the CRR Regulation by a margin 
that the regulatory authority considers necessary; or 
(iii)the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority that the partial 
or full replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to 
ensure compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR and in the 
CRD V Directive for continuing authorisation. 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and 
modification without Noteholders' consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers),

--- Page 49 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 49 -
47-41037950 
 
then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any 
consent required from, the Relevant Authority, if so required, (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the Holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of that Series), elect (i) in the case of English Law Notes, either to substitute all (but not only 
some) of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or modify the terms of 
all (but not only some) such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, modify the terms of all (but not only some) of 
such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
provided that such variation or substitution does not of itself give rise to any right of the Issuer 
to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes and Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, 
are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not 
materially less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing) 
than the terms of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as 
applicable. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will 
negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences 
of holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of 
Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to 
such substitution or variation. 
(b) Risk relating to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the 
holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured 
creditors) in full before it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, 
the Issuer may not have enough assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due 
under the Subordinated Notes and/or payments to Noteholders may be delayed with respect to 
payments made to holders of senior debt and/or other creditors.  
In addition, in case of application of the bail-in tool and of activation of the point of non-
viability mechanism provided for by the BRRD (as defined above), the Subordinated Notes 
may be written down, up to zero, or converted to equity. Please see further "Changes in 
regulatory framework and accounting policies" above. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will 
rank junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including 
depositors) of the Issuer. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than 
comparable notes which are not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in 
Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU 
("BRRD II") in Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has 
transposed in the Italian legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-
bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such provisions state that (i) if an

--- Page 50 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 50 -
47-41037950 
 
instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated 
in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim 
that does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own 
funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in 
insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to any claim that 
results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes).  
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own 
funds items in the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated 
Notes; and (b) in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter 
alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes and any other subordinated creditors of the 
Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an own funds 
instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes which 
are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 6 (Status 
of Subordinated Notes). 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they 
should qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for so long as this is permitted under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or 
customarily provide for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the 
Notes will be treated as such. There can be no guarantee that any such Subordinated Notes will 
continue to qualify as "Tier 2 Capital" during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be 
grandfathered under the implementation of further EU capital requirement regulations. If the 
Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to qualify, as "Tier 2 capital", the 
Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), subject to the prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority. During any period in which there is an actual or perceived 
increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may exercise such rights to redeem the Notes, the price 
of the Notes may be adversely impacted and may not rise above the redemption price. There 
can be no assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to reinvest the 
amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investments in the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes without Noteholders' consent 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is 
applicable, then the Issuer may in certain circumstances, elect (i) in the case of English Law 
Notes, either to substitute all (but not only some) of the Subordinated Notes or modify the terms 
of all (but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, modify the terms of all (but not 
only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, as applicable, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Noteholders to the extent that such modification or substitution is reasonably necessary to 
ensure that no Regulatory Event or Tax Event would exist after such modification. Any such 
modification or substitution could have a material adverse effect on the price or value of any 
investment in any Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 51 -
47-41037950 
 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other 
than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified 
by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect 
any particular Noteholder. In addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such 
substituted or varied notes could be different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax 
and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes prior to such substitution or 
variation. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 
23 of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and non-
contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and Italian private international law 
provisions as applicable from time to time. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the 
"Italian Private International Law") provides that other debt securities (titoli di credito) are 
governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued. The Temporary Global Notes 
or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN form, as the case may be, 
representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United Kingdom and are, 
thereafter, delivered to BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as Fiscal Agent, 
being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the 
Temporary Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and 
delivering Definitive Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the laws applicable to their transfer 
and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which 
may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes on the 
basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the relevant 
applicable European legislation. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which, in certain circumstances, 
the holders of the Notes, may declare the Notes to be immediately due and repayable, are 
limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an analogous 
event as set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails to meet any of its obligations under 
the Notes, including the payment of any interest, the holders of the Notes will not have the 
right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce 
such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution 
of any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would 
otherwise have been payable by it. 
2. Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally:

--- Page 52 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 52 -
47-41037950 
 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 4 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes, in Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) in respect of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and in Condition 6 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) in respect of 
Subordinated Notes, the holder of a Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right 
of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise 
have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Note.  
Taxation 
The tax regime in the Republic of Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, the jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be 
relevant to the acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of 
interest, principal and/or other income under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes 
should consult their own tax advisers as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant and the 
consequences of such actions under the tax laws of those countries. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes are based on English law in effect as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, other than subordination and certain other provisions relating 
to Subordinated Notes, which are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes are Italian law based in effect as at the date 
of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to 
applicable law or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Decisions at Noteholders' meetings bind all Noteholders 
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes and in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes and summarised 
in Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution). 
Noteholders' meetings may be called to consider matters affecting Noteholders' interests 
generally, including modifications to the terms and conditions relating to the Notes. These 
provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including those who did not attend 
and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against the majority. Any such modification may 
have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes, the Coupons and the Conditions may be amended 
without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In 
addition, pursuant to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), certain changes may be 
made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes in the circumstances and as otherwise 
set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of the Noteholders. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking, 
investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and communication with 
the Issuer

--- Page 53 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 53 -
47-41037950 
 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such 
Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, 
investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream Banking 
will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes are 
represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial 
interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. While the Notes are represented by 
one or more Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes 
by making payments to the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest 
in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking to receive 
payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by 
any other listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms. Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts 
of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of 
the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may have a material effect on a 
Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Denominations and restrictions on exchange for Definitive Notes 
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum 
denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) 
or, in the case of Subordinated Notes, a minimum denomination of €200,000 (or its equivalent 
in another currency), or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time (the "Minimum Denomination") and (ii) an amount which is greater than the 
Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) but which is an integral multiple of a smaller 
amount (such as €1,000). Where this occurs, Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the 
Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) that are not integral multiples of the Minimum 
Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case, a holder who as a result of trading such 
amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the Minimum Denomination will not receive a 
Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and would need 
to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to an integral 
multiple of the Minimum Denomination. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
Other than the €3 billion limit with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which 
the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with other indebtedness of the Issuer having the same

--- Page 54 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 54 -
47-41037950 
 
ranking and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of such indebtedness or higher ranking 
indebtedness of the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In 
addition, the Notes are unsecured and do not contain any restriction on the giving of security 
by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over 
assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness 
of the Issuer in respect of such assets. 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not 
be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or 
sustainable assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme 
described as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social Bonds") and 
"sustainability bonds" ("Sustainability Bonds") in accordance with the principles set out by 
the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond 
Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles ("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond 
Guidelines ("SBG")).  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons 
for the Offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and 
must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, 
and must assess the suitability of that investment in light of their own circumstances. In 
particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the Dealers that the use of such proceeds for 
the funding of any green project or social project or sustainable project, as the case may be, 
will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its 
investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or 
regulations or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, 
regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" 
or a "social" or a "sustainable" project or as to what precise attributes are required for a 
particular project to be defined as "green" or "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent 
label. 
A basis for the determination of the definitions of “green” and “sustainable” has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the 
"Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation") on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the "EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final 
social taxonomy report on transition activities for the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, 
which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 
2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act, 
introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities 
contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance 
Taxonomy: climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the "Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act"). The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 
January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy 
Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain nuclear and gas activities, which is 
expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 6 April 2022, the European

--- Page 55 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 55 -
47-41037950 
 
Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards (RTS) to Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 
(the “Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation”), which is expected to apply from 1 January 
2023. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result in 
a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and 
other amendments to reflect technological progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance 
published its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond 
Standard"). In the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance 
strategy, the European Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of 
an EU Green Bond Standard, that builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical 
Expert Group, and has run between 12 June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the 
European Commission published the Commission Work Programme 2021, in which expressed 
the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of the second quarter of 2021. On 6 
July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative proposal for a EU Green 
Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds raised by the 
green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; (ii) 
full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers 
with the ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
No assurance is or can be given to investors that any green or social or sustainable project, as 
the case may be, towards which proceeds of the Notes are to be applied will meet the investor 
expectations regarding such "green" or "social" or "sustainable" performance objectives 
(including those set out under the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation) or that any 
adverse social, green, sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during the 
implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, 
updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by 
reference, in this Base Prospectus. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that, in connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds 
and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability 
consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion confirming that the relevant green and/or social 
and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been defined in accordance with the broad 
categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable projects set out in the GBP, the 
SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability of the Notes as an 
investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects (any such 
second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or 
refinanced toward an amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as of the date it is released. The criteria and/or 
considerations that form the basis of any Second-party Opinion and any other such opinion or 
certification may change at any time and such Second-party Opinion may be amended, updated,

--- Page 56 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 56 -
47-41037950 
 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. A withdrawal of the Second-party Opinion may 
affect the value of such Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and/or may have 
consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or social or 
sustainable assets. 
While it is the intention of the Issuers to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of Social 
Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in 
the applicable Final Terms, there can be no assurance that the green, low carbon, social or 
sustainable projects, as the case may be, will be capable of being implemented in or 
substantially in such manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that 
accordingly the proceeds of the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
will be totally or partially disbursed for such projects. Nor can there be any assurance that such 
green, low carbon, social or sustainable projects will be completed within any specified period 
or at all or with the results or outcome as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuers. Any 
such event or failure by the Issuers will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against 
the Issuers; (ii) constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes; (iii) lead to an 
obligation of the Issuers to redeem such Notes or be a relevant factor for the Issuers in 
determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights in respect of any Notes; 
(iv) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); (v) have any impact 
on the status of the Notes as indicated in Condition 4, 5 or 6 (as the case may be) or (vi) prevent 
the applicability of the Bail-in Power.  
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green Bonds, Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated by the Issuer 
from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may be) on 
the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
Regardless of their “green”, “social” or “sustainable” or such other equivalent label, Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities instruments (including the application of mandatory write-down or conversion to 
equity in the event a resolution procedure is initiated in respect of the Group (including the 
Issuer) and, with respect to Notes qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement 
of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will 
be available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any “green”, “social” or “sustainable” 
assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have been applied or, if relevant, 
reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Applicable Banking 
Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds 
qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the 
Issuer. The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds does not provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes 
will be subject to the same risks relating to their level of subordination.  
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject 
to the application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability 
Bonds qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet 
of the Issuer regardless of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label.

--- Page 57 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 57 -
47-41037950 
 
3. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, 
exchange rate risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a 
market does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell 
their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar 
investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes 
that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed for specific 
investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements 
of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited 
secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may 
have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are 
denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than 
the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change 
(including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's 
Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield 
on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes 
and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government and 
monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Transfers of the Notes may be restricted, which may adversely affect the secondary market 
liquidity and/or trading prices of the Notes 
Subject to applicable Italian laws and regulations, the ability to transfer the Notes may also be 
restricted by securities laws or regulations of certain countries or regulatory bodies. See 
"Subscription and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (as amended) (the "Securities Act") or any state securities laws or the securities laws of 
any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not offer the Notes in the United States or for the 
account or benefit of a U.S. person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities 
laws. It is the obligation of each Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of Notes comply 
with all applicable securities laws and regulations. In addition, transfers to certain persons in 
certain other jurisdictions may be limited by law and regulations, or may result in the 
imposition of penalties or liability. For a description of restrictions which may be applicable to 
transfers of the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
Credit ratings

--- Page 58 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 58 -
47-41037950 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where 
an issue of Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed 
above and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
review, revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning 
rating agency; 
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect 
the trading price for the Notes; and 
(iv) 
tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and, where an 
issue of Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable 
to the Programme. 
Furthermore, in general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established 
in the EEA which is certified under the CRA Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated 
investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the 
UK CRA Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer may act as Calculation Agent or appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect 
of an issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to 
be a member of a financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a 
wide range of banking activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a 
Calculation Agent will, where relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to 
manage conflicts of interest, it may in its other banking activities from time to time be engaged 
in transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable 
by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Notes or the market price, liquidity 
or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders.

--- Page 59 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 59 -
47-41037950 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following financial statements which have previously been published shall be incorporated 
by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
 the audited annual financial statements, and the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020, both, audited 
by Ernst & Young S.p.A., which issued its relevant reports on 5 May 2021; 
 the audited annual financial statements, and the audited consolidated financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2021, both audited 
by Mazars Italia S.p.A., which issued its relevant reports on 20 April 2022; and 
 the unaudited financial statements, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements 
of the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2021, both subject to 
limited review by Mazars Italia S.p.A., which issued its relevant reports on 30 
September 2021. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as 
defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not 
recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), are used 
by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In 
particular: 
(i) Direct lending portfolio: the direct lending portfolio, as indicated under the first sub-paragraph 
of paragraph "Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches" of the section entitled "The 
Issuer", is composed of current accounts and demand deposits, time deposits, securities issued and 
other payables.  
(ii) Customer Loans: the composition of the portfolio of the Group’s loans to customers is indicated 
under the ninth sub-paragraph of paragraph "De-risking and NPE reduction" of the section entitled 
"The Issuer". In this respect, it should be noted that:  
a) 
the aggregate value of the customers loans indicated thereof includes loans registered as 
amortised financial activities, net of exposures represented by securities;  
b) 
Gross NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of gross impaired customer loans to 
the aggregate of gross customer loans, and provides a summary indication of the quality of 
NPL portfolio.  
c) 
Net NPL Ratio: the measure is calculated as the ratio of impaired customer loans net of the 
relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore) to the overall net amount of costumer 
loans, and provides a summary of the quality of the NPL portfolio.  
d) 
NPLs coverage: this indicator is calculated as the ratio of the total amount of accrued value 
adjustments (rettifiche di valore) on impaired customer loans to the amount of impaired 
customer loans gross of the relevant accrued value adjustments (rettifiche di valore), and 
provides a summary indication of the level of coverage of impaired customer loans.

--- Page 60 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 60 -
47-41037950 
 
Investors should be aware that these financial measures are not recognised as a measure of 
performance under IFRS, under generally accepted accounting principles in the Republic of 
Italy. They should not be recognised as an alternative to operating income or net income or any 
other performance measures recognised as being in accordance with IFRS, generally accepted 
accounting principles in the Republic of Italy or any other generally accepted accounting 
principles, and they are used by management to monitor the underlying performance of the 
business and operations but are not indicative of the historical operating results of the Issuer, 
nor are they meant to be predictive of future results. Furthermore, since these measures are not 
measures whose calculation is governed by the accounting standards applicable to the 
preparation of the financial statements and are not subject to audit, the criteria that the Issuer 
applies for its calculation may not be consistent with those adopted by other entities and 
therefore the alternative performance measures used herein may not be comparable with 
similarly titled data presented by other companies.

--- Page 61 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 61 -
47-41037950 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the documents 
incorporated by reference, described below, which form part of this Base Prospectus:  
 the audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Relazione%20e%20bilancio%20
consolidato%20e%20individuale%20al%2031%20dicembre_EN.pdf);  
 the audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(available 
at 
the 
following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated
%20and%20separate%20financial%20statements%20at%20december%2031,%202021.pd
f);  
 the unaudited financial statements, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2021 (available at the following 
link 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20Consolidate
d%20and%20Separate%20Financial%20Statements%20at%20June%2030,%202021_def2
.pdf); 
save that any statement contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein shall be 
deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that 
a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, 
by implication or otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall be deemed, except 
as so modified or superseded, not to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the years ended 31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020, and the unaudited financial 
statements, and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the 
six month period ended 30 June 2021 have been prepared in accordance with International 
Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as adopted by the EU and shall be deemed to be 
incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, together (where applicable) with the 
accompanying notes and auditor's reports or the auditor's review reports as the case may be, 
save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently 
incorporated by reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation modifies or supersedes such statement. 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified 
above which is not included in the cross-reference list below in this Base Prospectus is not 
incorporated by reference and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this 
Base Prospectus and, for the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the websites referred to in this Base 
Prospectus does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, provide, free of charge, upon oral 
or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference

--- Page 62 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 62 -
47-41037950 
 
in this Base Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the 
specified office of any of the Paying Agents or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in 
Luxembourg. In addition such documents will be available, without charge, on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
Cross-reference lists 
The following tables show where the information required under article 19(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation can be found in the above-mentioned documents incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
Audited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer as at 
and for the year ended 31 December: 
 
 
2021 
2020 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance Measures 
 
116-117 
134-135 
Consolidated balance sheet 
 
121-122 
139-140 
Consolidated income statement 
 
123 
141 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
 
124 
142 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders' 
equity
 
125-126 
143-144 
Statement of changes in consolidated cash flows 
 
127 
145 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
129-389 
147-394 
Independent Auditor's report 
 
419-424 
421-428 
 
 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
 
441-442 
443-444 
Income Statement 
 
443 
445 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
444 
446 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
 
445-446 
447-448 
Statement of cash flows 
 
447 
449 
Notes to the financial statements
449-687
451-668
Independent Auditor's report 
 
691-697  
669- 677 
 
 
Unaudited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements of the Issuer as 
at and for the six month period ended 30 June: 
 
2021 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance Measures 
107-108 
Consolidated balance sheet 
111-112 
Consolidated income statement 
113 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive income 
114 
Statement of changes in consolidated shareholders' 
equity
115-116 
Statement of cash flows: Indirect method 
117 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
123-287 
Independent Auditor's report 
291-292 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
307-308 
Income Statement 
309 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
310 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
311-312 
Statement of cash flows: Indirect method 
313

--- Page 63 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 63 -
47-41037950 
 
Notes to the financial statements
319 - 468
Independent Auditor's report 
471-472

--- Page 64 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 64 -
47-41037950 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer will prepare a new Base Prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and 
financial conditions of the Issuer at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and 
each subsequent Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of 
the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Notes, it shall prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with 
any subsequent offering of the Notes and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of 
such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably request. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in 
the section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the 
information relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such 
Tranche (a "Drawdown Prospectus") will be made available and will contain such 
information. Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document 
containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) 
pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a registration document containing the 
necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note containing the necessary 
information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. In the case of a 
Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this Base 
Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context 
requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 65 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 65 -
47-41037950 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a 
"Temporary Global Note"), without Coupons or Receipts, or a permanent global note (a 
"Permanent Global Note"), without Coupons or Receipts, in each case as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global 
Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a 
"Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited 
on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. 
("Clearstream Banking") and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note 
which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or "NGN"), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Banking. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the 
"Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of 
the central banking system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria 
are fulfilled. At the same time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN 
form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking as of 30 June 2006 and the debt 
securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and Clearstream Banking after 31 
December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if the NGN form 
is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes 
do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA 
D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a 
Temporary Global Note without Coupons or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons or Receipts, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under 
the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in the Permanent Global Note is 
improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot 
be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and

--- Page 66 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 66 -
47-41037950 
 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the 
principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, 
however, that in no circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in 
definitive form ("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if:  
a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may 
be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) (i) a minimum 
denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000, (B) in case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of 
€1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; 
(C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €200,000, plus (ii) integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon

--- Page 67 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 67 -
47-41037950 
 
exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement 
to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder 
who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable 
or that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 
days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, 
then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or 
Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification 
as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be 
collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days 
of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be 
issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may 
only be traded in such amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent 
Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, 
but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the 
Permanent Global Note", then if:

--- Page 68 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 68 -
47-41037950 
 
a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is 
closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of 
legal holidays) or announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, as the case may 
be, occurs. 
 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which 
are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, 
whether in global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent 
Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes 
may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) (i) a minimum 
denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000, (B) in case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (ii) integral multiples of 
€1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; 
(C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €200,000, plus (ii) integral 
multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to 
time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon 
exchange for Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement 
to the principal amount represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder 
who holds a principal amount of less than the minimum denomination may not receive a 
Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding 
is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent 
Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so 
require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive 
Notes pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices). 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and 
will consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes", "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" below, as the case may be, and 
the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms 
and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below.

--- Page 69 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 69 -
47-41037950 
 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in 
global form, the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons, Talons and Receipts appertaining 
thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 
1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, 
Coupon, Talon or Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, 
exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might 
otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption 
will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 70 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 70 -
47-41037950 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €3,000,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue 
notes governed by English law (the "English Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions governed by English law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
governed by English law dated 7 September 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between 
the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. The Notes may also be senior 
preferred notes ("Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes" and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") 
or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"), depending on the status of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders"), the holders of related principal receipts for the payment of instalments 
of principal (other than the final instalment) (the "Receiptholders" and the "Receipts", 
respectively) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency

--- Page 71 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 71 -
47-41037950 
 
Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitioins) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the 
Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), 
including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the 
Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation CRD V Package, the Capital 
Instruments Regulations, the Circular No. 285 and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and 
standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration (this ration has been 
introduced as a requirement by Regulation 575/2013/EU), requirements for own funds 
and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposure to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, 
reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May

--- Page 72 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 72 -
47-41037950 
 
2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers 
and capital conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as 
regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23;  
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 
November 16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings:

--- Page 73 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 73 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other 
rules or regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European 
Union or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD V Package;

--- Page 74 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 74 -
47-41037950 
 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as 
interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
setting forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le 
Banche), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the 
principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by 
the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, lastly by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878; 
"CRD V" means Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313; 
"CRD V Package" means the CRD IV, the CRD V and the CRR; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period

--- Page 75 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 75 -
47-41037950 
 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 76 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 76 -
47-41037950 
 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 77 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 77 -
47-41037950 
 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
"Deed of Covenant" means the deed of covenant dated 17 September 2019 relating to 
the Notes executed by the Issuer; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical 
standards for Own Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EC Proposals" means the amendments proposed to the CRD IV Directive, the CRD 
V, the CRR and BRRD published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 
which have been politically agreed within the EU Council in December 2018 and then 
signed off by the EU27 Ambassadors on February 15, 2018. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"ECB Interest Rate" means the European banking interest rate determined by the 
Governing Council of the ECB and used in Eurosystem refinancing operations. The 
ECB Interest Rate is published by the ECB and is available on its website;

--- Page 78 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 78 -
47-41037950 
 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (being, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time 
of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Note that is not an Instalment Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group Entity" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of 
such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment and such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised: 
"Instalment Amount" means the amount of each instalment of the Instalment Notes; 
"Instalment Date" means the date on which each Instalment Amount is repayable; 
"Instalment Notes" means Notes, any part of the principal amount of which is 
repayable by an Instalment Amount; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 79 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 79 -
47-41037950 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to 
impose that Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the 
Group (as the case may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or 
conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided 
for by the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining 
the authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as certified in 
writing by two directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 80 -
47-41037950 
 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from 
the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of 
doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
(b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL Requirements due 
to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed exception to 
the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time 
to time, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated 
or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted 
by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, 
policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from 
time to time; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty;

--- Page 81 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 81 -
47-41037950 
 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 82 -
47-41037950 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by the 
Issuer, in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, ECB Interest Rate or the CMS Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant 
Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be 
likely to result, in their exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower 
quality form of Own Funds; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central 
Bank or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the

--- Page 83 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 83 -
47-41037950 
 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), 
and/or (ii) the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) 
established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the European Council, the European 
Commission, acting within the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer 
or other entities of the Group (as the case may be) and for the exercise of any Resolution 
Power or Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for 
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and 
includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the

--- Page 84 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 84 -
47-41037950 
 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism 
established pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any Person (the "second Person") in which: 
(i) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders' 
meeting is held, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
the first Person holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give 
the first Person a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary 
shareholders' meeting of the second Person, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No.1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto which utilises a single 
shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 System is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b); 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 85 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 85 -
47-41037950 
 
"Tier 2 Capital" means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any Instalment Amounts, any additional amounts in respect of principal which 
may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) any reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Receipts in respect of any Instalment Notes 
and any reference herein to Noteholders shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Receiptholders in respect of any 
Instalment Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. If the Notes are Instalment 
Notes in definitive form, they will be issued with Receipts attached. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will

--- Page 86 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 86 -
47-41037950 
 
not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Receipts will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt 
shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including any obligations 
permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, 
if any) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes from time to time, including any obligations under Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or by their terms to rank 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest 
thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
related Receipts or Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the purposes 
of, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law.

--- Page 87 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 87 -
47-41037950 
 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their 
terms to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes), including claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior 
or senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including, without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and 
any other obligations under the Subordinated Notes or any other obligations 
under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation which 
may be enacted from time to time for the purposes of implementing such provisions 
and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines implementing the rules set forth in the Bank 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will 
be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally 
and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
6. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 
285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the

--- Page 88 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 88 -
47-41037950 
 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall 
at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including 
any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations 
of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, 
junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future 
outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or ceases to qualify) in 
its entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will 
rank pari passu without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu 
with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in 
priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which 
qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the 
payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required 
under the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the 
Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application 
of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant 
to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes.

--- Page 89 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 89 -
47-41037950 
 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if: (i) the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed 
Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
7B 
RESET NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates:Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and;

--- Page 90 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 90 -
47-41037950 
 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity 
Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case 
of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)  
below, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First 
or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject 
to Condition 7B(b) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
and the First Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the Form of Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro;

--- Page 91 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 91 -
47-41037950 
 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 7B(b), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid 
and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of 
each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period 
from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Subsequent Reset Date; and

--- Page 92 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 92 -
47-41037950 
 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall, subject 
as provided in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of 
Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B(b)  "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in 
the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute. 
8. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. In addition, Condition 8(j) Benchmark Discontinuation 
is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will

--- Page 93 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 93 -
47-41037950 
 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis, subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by the Issuer will 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be:

--- Page 94 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 94 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
so determined (the "Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the 
sum of (i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the 
Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such 
rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 8 (j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer and/or an independent advisor 
appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be

--- Page 95 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 95 -
47-41037950 
 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Falback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Optionis specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For

--- Page 96 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 96 -
47-41037950 
 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 8(j)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in 
accordance with Condition 8(j)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 8(j)(iv)).  
In the absence of willful misconduct, fraud or negligence, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for 
any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8(j).  
 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8(j) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest

--- Page 97 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 97 -
47-41037950 
 
Period shall be (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate 
of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset 
Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(j) (i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only. Any subsequent Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 8(j).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 8(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j)) in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
8(j))(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and all following Interest Periods 
or Reset Periods (as applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8(j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting 
the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for

--- Page 98 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 98 -
47-41037950 
 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 8(j) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with Condition 8(j), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 8(j)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(j)will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate 
and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(j); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the 
absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such 
Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders. 
(viii) Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or

--- Page 99 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 99 -
47-41037950 
 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 8(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
 (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 8(j) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or

--- Page 100 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 100 -
47-41037950 
 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has 
ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that 
it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used 
or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, 
either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date") , be no longer representative  of an underlying market; or 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) 
(including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 
2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and 
the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after 
the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the

--- Page 101 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 101 -
47-41037950 
 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
9A. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions), each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating 
Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch

--- Page 102 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 102 -
47-41037950 
 
Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to 
and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related 
Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled 
to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Conditions 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and 11 (Payments).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the 
Maturity Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve 
months after their Issue Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their 
Issue Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(but subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority) in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if, neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a

--- Page 103 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 103 -
47-41037950 
 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and 
(C) in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points (A) 
and (B) above have occurred within five years of the issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) 
shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 10(c) applies only if (A) the Notes are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes; and (B) Condition 10(c) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to 
Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) below), in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked 
Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more

--- Page 104 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 104 -
47-41037950 
 
than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c), at the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 days nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(d), at their 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) described in the relevant 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions

--- Page 105 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 105 -
47-41037950 
 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders). 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to prior approval of the Relevant Authority) be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to 
such date).  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 
10(e) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue 
Date, the redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to Condition 
10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall 
be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue

--- Page 106 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 106 -
47-41037950 
 
Date, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase 
or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
such Notes in accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 
10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons), Condition 10 (e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10 (f) 
(Partial redemption) and any purchase in accordance with Condition 10 (k) 
(Purchases) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from 
time to time, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as 
applicable), the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the 
extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments 
Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the

--- Page 107 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 107 -
47-41037950 
 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements 
as may be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall 
not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, 
subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) Application: This Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) is 
applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes and if the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 10(h), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and any unmatured Receipts 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with 
this Condition 10(h), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld 
or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office 
for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in

--- Page 108 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 108 -
47-41037950 
 
accordance with this Condition 10(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(h) (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders). 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption, pursuant to Condition 
10 (Redemption and Purchase), of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(j) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 
10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue 
Date, the redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(j) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and 
at any price, provided that:  
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided 
in Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
purchase of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment,

--- Page 109 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 109 -
47-41037950 
 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled (all as more fully 
described in this Condition 10), each Instalment Note will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final 
instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Receipt (which must be 
presented with the Instalment Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final 
instalment against surrender of the relevant Note. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10 (e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10 (f) (Partial redemption) and any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 10 (k) (Purchases) of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
(Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 
10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of 
the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(i) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii)the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation,

--- Page 110 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 110 -
47-41037950 
 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a 
predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-
paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purposes. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against: 
(i) 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Amount which becomes due on an Instalment Date, 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Receipts, 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn 
in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 11(a) 
(Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed

--- Page 111 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 111 -
47-41037950 
 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to 
the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this 
sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon 
to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; 
and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating

--- Page 112 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 112 -
47-41037950 
 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted under Condition 11(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case 
may be (including, if appropriate, a further Talon) but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(j) 
Unmatured Receipts Void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(j) 
is applicable or that the Instalment Note provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), all unmatured Receipts relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding and deduction: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. 
(b) 
Gross up: In the event that such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law (as referred to in Condition 12(a)), the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts necessary for the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction to equal the 
respective amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying at 
such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, or 
interest, in the case of any Notes, which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except

--- Page 113 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 113 -
47-41037950 
 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual 
or an Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited 
to (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and 
professional associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than 
companies, not carrying on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been or may 
subsequently be enacted ("Decree 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements 
and procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes or Coupons classified as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
where such withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to in the Republic of 
Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution); or

--- Page 114 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 114 -
47-41037950 
 
(ii) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless 
the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND RECEIPTS 
If any Note, Coupon or Receipt is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with Notes, Coupons and Receipts, 
the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor 
fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system.

--- Page 115 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 115 -
47-41037950 
 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but 
the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any waiver or modification of the 
Notes may be sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17 only 
to the extent permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that such waiver or modification of the Notes 
is permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
(c) 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a 
Tax Event 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23

--- Page 116 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 116 -
47-41037950 
 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may either, subject to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the 
Relevant Authority: (a) substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes whereby such 
new notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are substituted for, or as applicable, 
varied to, become or remain, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given 
not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of 
Subordinated Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant 
Authority if and as required therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing 
and holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and 
modification of the terms of Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full 
powers and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the 
name and /or on behalf of the holders of Subordinated Notes which is necessary or 
convenient to implement the substitution or modification of the terms of Subordinated 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means 
securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to 
the holders of Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing, than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and they shall 
also (a) contain terms such that they comply with the minimum requirement under 
the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; 
(c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption 
rights as the Subordinated Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the 
Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of 
the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date 
of modification or substitution; and (f) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the 
Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification or substitution; 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or 
substitution; and 
(iii) are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification or 
substitution, to any early redemption right for taxation reasons. 
(d) 
Modification or Substitution of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
following a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
if Modification or Substitution of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event is specified

--- Page 117 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 117 -
47-41037950 
 
in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability 
of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may 
either, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent 
required from, the Relevant Authority: (a) substitute new notes for the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (b) vary the terms of such Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time without any requirement 
for consent of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so 
that the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are substituted for, or as 
applicable, varied to, become or remain, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the 
Relevant Authority if and as required therefor under the MREL Requirements in force 
at the relevant time. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue 
of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and modification of 
the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have granted 
to the Issuer full powers and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any 
document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is necessary or convenient to implement the 
substitution or modification of the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(d): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing, than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and they shall 
also (a) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to 
count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) 
minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of 
the Senior Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; 
(d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any existing 
rights under the Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been 
paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last 
preceding the date of modification or substitution; and (e) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were 
assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution; and

--- Page 118 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 118 -
47-41037950 
 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior 
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification or substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing, than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to 
that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification or 
substitution; and (e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit 
ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(if rated) immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification or substitution. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or 
in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders.

--- Page 119 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 119 -
47-41037950 
 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or any Receipt or any order 
or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment 
into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim 
or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or 
(c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate 
or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase 
the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by English law, except for Conditions 4 (Status 
of the Senior Preferred Notes), 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), 6 (Status 
of the Subordinated Notes), and 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) which 
are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute 
(a "Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 22(b) 
(English courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this

--- Page 120 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 120 -
47-41037950 
 
Condition 22 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking 
proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. 
To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any 
number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and 
any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be 
served on it by being delivered to Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited at 
Third Floor, 1 King's Arms Yard, London EC2R 7AF, United Kingdom, or, if different, 
its registered office for the time being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at 
which process may be served on it in accordance with the procedures set out in the 
Companies Act 2006. If such Person is not or ceases to be effectively appointed to 
accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer shall, on the written demand 
of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of 
the Fiscal Agent, appoint a further Person in England to accept service of process on its 
behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be entitled 
to appoint such a Person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall 
affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by 
law. This Condition applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings outside 
England pursuant to paragraph (d) above. 
23. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market) agrees to be bound by and consent to: 
(i) the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (A) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto; (B) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of these Conditions; (C) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (D) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, 
or the date on which the interest become payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Authority.

--- Page 121 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 121 -
47-41037950 
 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 23. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
interest payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further 
modification of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of the Bail-In Power. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time 
to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State 
in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, 
including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or 
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of 
a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit 
institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or 
converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer or any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 122 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 122 -
47-41037950 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final 
Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described 
under "Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be 
issued under the Programme. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium 
Term Note Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €3,000,000,000 
in aggregate principal amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue 
notes governed by Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") 
and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each 
Tranche is the subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms 
and conditions governed by Italian law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
governed by Italian law dated 7 September 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between 
the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (the 
"Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein 
(together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any 
successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with 
the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms 
are available during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, 
the initial Specified Office of which is set out below. The Notes may also be senior 
preferred notes ("Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-
Preferred Notes" and, together with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") 
or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"), depending on the status of the Notes 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency 
Agreement and are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the 
"Noteholders"), the holders of related principal receipts for the payment of instalments 
of principal (other than the final instalment) (the "Receiptholders" and the "Receipts", 
respectively) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons for 
further Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the Agency

--- Page 123 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 123 -
47-41037950 
 
Agreement are available for inspection during normal business hours at the Specified 
Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out 
below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following 
meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be 
obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of 
the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any 
successor Matrix thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitioins) as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as 
published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other 
equivalent or successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, 
requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the 
Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), 
including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the 
Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation CRD V Package, the Capital 
Instruments Regulations, the Circular No. 285 and any other regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant 
Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are 
applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and 
standards and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23;  
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, 
supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial

--- Page 124 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 124 -
47-41037950 
 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds 
and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 
596/2014; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to 
time; 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of 
November 16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the 
transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments 
generally in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in 
London, in the Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each 
(if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given 
in the relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have 
different meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following 
expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first 
following day that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar 
month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business 
Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
brought forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar 
Convention" means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically 
corresponds to the preceding such date in the calendar month which is the 
number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period 
after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that:

--- Page 125 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 125 -
47-41037950 
 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month 
in which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day 
which is a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then such date will be the first following day which is a Business 
Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it 
will be the first preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month 
which was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the 
last day which is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the 
specified number of months after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in 
accordance with any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other 
rules or regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European 
Union or which are otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may 
be), whether introduced before or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in 
conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by 
financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group 
(as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD V Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as 
interpreted and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, 
setting forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le 
Banche), as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which 
appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject 
to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the 
principal office of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the 
Reference Currency is Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the 
London inter-bank market, (iii) where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the 
principal New York City office of five major banks in the New York City inter-bank 
market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference Currency, the principal Relevant

--- Page 126 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 126 -
47-41037950 
 
Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant Financial Centre inter-bank 
market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by 
the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 
1993, as amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential 
supervision of credit institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time, lastly by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and 
Directive (EU) No. 2019/878; 
"CRD V" means Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313; 
"CRD V Package" means the CRD IV, the CRD V and the CRR; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period 
of time (the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number 
of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made 
divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, 
the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular 
Period during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum 
of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of 
(1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the 
number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in 
the next Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual

--- Page 127 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 127 -
47-41037950 
 
number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 128 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 128 -
47-41037950 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, 
in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period 
is calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding 
the last day of the Calculation Period; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥(𝑌2 −𝑌1)] + [30𝑥(𝑀2 −𝑀1)] + (𝐷2 −𝐷1)
360

--- Page 129 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 129 -
47-41037950 
 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 
of 7 January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical 
standards for Own Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or 
replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in 
accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
"EC Proposals" means the amendments proposed to the CRD IV Directive, the CRD 
V, the CRR and BRRD published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 
which have been politically agreed within the EU Council in December 2018 and then 
signed off by the EU27 Ambassadors on February 15, 2018. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"ECB Interest Rate" means the European banking interest rate determined by the 
Governing Council of the ECB and used in Eurosystem refinancing operations. The 
ECB Interest Rate is published by the ECB and is available on its website; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the 
interest rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is 
calculated and published by a designated distributor (being, as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, Thomson Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time 
of the European Money Markets Institute (or any person which takes over 
administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Note that is not an Instalment Note, its principal amount, 
subject to any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group Entity" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of 
another Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation):

--- Page 130 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 130 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities 
or to purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of 
such Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment and such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised: 
"Instalment Amount" means the amount of each instalment of the Instalment Notes; 
"Instalment Date" means the date on which each Instalment Amount is repayable; 
"Instalment Notes" means Notes, any part of the principal amount of which is 
repayable by an Instalment Amount; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of 
interest payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date 
as may be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation); 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day 
Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day 
Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate 
Convention or Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar 
months is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, 
each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN Convention, 
Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the 
first Interest Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other 
case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the 
next Interest Payment Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the 
relevant redemption date);

--- Page 131 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 131 -
47-41037950 
 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any 
successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to 
impose that Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the 
Group (as the case may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or 
conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but 
excluding the Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided 
for by the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining 
the authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as certified in 
writing by two directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a 
change in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the 
Issuer at the Issue Date of the relevant Series of Notes, all or part of the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from 
the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of 
doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of such Notes being less than 
any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
(b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL Requirements due 
to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed exception to 
the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet the 
MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or 
on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly 
by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and 
eligible liabilities applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time 
to time, including, without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated

--- Page 132 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 132 -
47-41037950 
 
or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical 
standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, requirements, 
guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted 
by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the 
preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, 
policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from 
time to time; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted 
and applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which 
adopts the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement 
Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried 
on in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in 
foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial 
Centre;

--- Page 133 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 133 -
47-41037950 
 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal 
financial centre for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State 
of the European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a 
payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in 
relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in 
each case as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case 
of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing 
Noteholder upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting 
to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or 
calculated or determined in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the 
Instalment Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount 
(Regulatory Event), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Put), the Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a 
redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four 
major banks selected by the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by the 
Issuer, in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, ECB Interest Rate or the CMS Rate as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of 
regular payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement

--- Page 134 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 134 -
47-41037950 
 
Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period 
from and including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest 
Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is 
scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on 
which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first 
Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to 
but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls other than 
the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant 
Authority considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the 
Subordinated Notes from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be 
likely to result, in their exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower 
quality form of Own Funds; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central 
Bank or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory 
Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), 
and/or (ii) the Italian resolution authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) 
established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the European Council, the European 
Commission, acting within the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer 
or other entities of the Group (as the case may be) and for the exercise of any Resolution 
Power or Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the 
date on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount 
payable has not been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full 
amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular 
information service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) 
specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, 
section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or 
sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices 
comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 135 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 135 -
47-41037950 
 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate 
determined on the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for 
the annual fixed leg, calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for 
floating euro interest rate swap transaction with a term equal to the Designated 
Maturity commencing on the first day of the relevant Interest Period and in a 
Representative Amount with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated on an Actual/360 day 
count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms 
specify otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with 
the applicable Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single 
transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement and 
includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or 
interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on 
any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating 
to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established 
pursuant to the SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism 
established pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" has the meaning given in Condition 23; 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to

--- Page 136 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 136 -
47-41037950 
 
the prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular 
time, any Person (the "second Person") in which: 
(i) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders' 
meeting is held, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
the first Person holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give 
the first Person a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary 
shareholders' meeting of the second Person, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No.1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET2" means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer payment system or any successor thereto which utilises a single 
shared platform and which was launched on 19 November 2007; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which TARGET2 System is open for 
the settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b); 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders 
are not applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes 
at the time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references 
to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the 
Notes at the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable;

--- Page 137 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 137 -
47-41037950 
 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, 
any Instalment Amounts, any additional amounts in respect of principal which 
may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect 
of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to 
these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in 
respect of interest which may be payable under Condition 11 (Taxation) and 
any other amount in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such 
meaning or specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such 
expression is not applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) any reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Receipts in respect of any Instalment Notes 
and any reference herein to Noteholders shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, be deemed to include a reference to Receiptholders in respect of any 
Instalment Notes. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. If the Notes are Instalment 
Notes in definitive form, they will be issued with Receipts attached. In the case of a Series of 
Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will 
not be exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes, the 
Coupons and the Receipts will pass by delivery. The holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt 
shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its absolute owner for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, trust or any other 
interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) and no 
Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari 
passu among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior 
Preferred Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank 
(save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including any obligations 
permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, 
if any) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding (other than obligations ranking junior to the Senior

--- Page 138 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 138 -
47-41037950 
 
Preferred Notes from time to time, including any obligations under Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or by their terms to rank 
junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be 
treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest 
thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Preferred 
Notes. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any 
related Receipts or Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and 
non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify as strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the purposes 
of, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the 
Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their 
terms to rank, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, any obligations under the Senior Preferred Notes) including claims 
arising from the excluded liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of 
the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior 
or senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(including, without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and 
any other obligations under the Subordinated Notes or any other obligations 
under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-
bis, letter c-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation which 
may be enacted from time to time for the purposes of implementing such provisions

--- Page 139 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 139 -
47-41037950 
 
and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines implementing the rules set forth in the Bank 
Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will 
be treated equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or 
interest thereon will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally 
and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
6. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for 
regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 
285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the 
Issuer under the Subordinated Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall 
at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer (including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or 
any other present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or 
are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including 
any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations 
of the Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, 
junior or senior to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future 
outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are 
expressed by their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other 
obligations under instruments or items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the 
Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or ceases to qualify) in 
its entirety as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will 
rank pari passu without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu

--- Page 140 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 140 -
47-41037950 
 
with the Issuer's obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have 
ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and 
with all other subordinated indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in 
priority to payments to holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which 
qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), including 
Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the 
payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any other 
unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon 
will be paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other 
similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in 
respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal 
and/or interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required 
under the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the 
Relevant Authority and where the Relevant Authority determines that the application 
of the Loss Absorption Requirement to the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant 
to applicable law and/or regulation in force from time to time. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if: (i) the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day 
on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent 
has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
Interest Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more

--- Page 141 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 141 -
47-41037950 
 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in 
respect of the relevant Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note 
for any period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated 
by applying the Rate of Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed 
Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising 
the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
7B 
RESET NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates:Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the 
First Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset 
Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, 
the Maturity Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; 
and; 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity 
Date if that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the 
Interest Amount payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case 
of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation)  
below, and (ii) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for 
calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). Unless 
otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate of Interest (inclusive of the First 
or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until 
(but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in 
the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity Date;

--- Page 142 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 142 -
47-41037950 
 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject 
to Condition 7B(b) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent 
on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate 
and the First Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the Form of Final 
Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered 
rates for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which 
scheduled interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified 
Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate 
swap transaction in the Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the 
relevant Reset Period and commencing on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant market at the relevant time 
with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has a floating 
leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity 
(as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary 
for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation 
Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage 
rate per annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified 
Currency is euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to 
Condition 7B(b), either: 
(iv) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(v) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic 
mean (expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to 
the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid 
and offered swap rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page,

--- Page 143 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 143 -
47-41037950 
 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the 
Specified Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or 
the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent 
Reset Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset 
Period, the second Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each 
Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of 
each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case 
may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset 
Date to (but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period 
from (and including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding 
Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset 
Period and subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the 
Mid-Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall, subject 
as provided in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-
Market Swap Rate Quotation as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial 
centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market 
Swap Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic 
mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being 
rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent.

--- Page 144 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 144 -
47-41037950 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides 
the Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of 
Interest as at the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset 
Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B(b)  "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in 
the swap, money, securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant 
Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of 
international repute. 
8. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Floating Rate Note Provisions or 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are stated to apply. In addition, Condition 8(j) Benchmark Discontinuation 
is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear 
interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment 
of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and after 
judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and 
(ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it 
has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
following basis, subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of 
the Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the 
Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 145 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 145 -
47-41037950 
 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case 
of (ii) above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable: 
(A) 
the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed by the Issuer will 
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the 
Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at 
approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date to 
prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an 
amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at 
that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation 
Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the 
Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the 
Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks 
for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, 
the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean 
so determined (the "Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the 
sum of (i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the 
Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate 
multiplied by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
(iv) 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate 
or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above 
provisions in relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate 
or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the 
Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such 
rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest 
Notes: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is 
specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to

--- Page 146 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 146 -
47-41037950 
 
the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent by 
reference to the following formula, subject to Condition 8 (j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer and/or an independent advisor 
appointed by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the 
Calculation Agent with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 
a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the 
Interest Determination Date in question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks 
provide the Calculation Agent with such quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest 
Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such quotations, eliminating the highest 
quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) and the lowest quotation (or, 
in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference 
Banks provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith 
on such commercial basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its 
absolute discretion, in accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin 
and the relevant ISDA Rate where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means 
a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be 
determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap 
transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and 
under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA 
Definitions" as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions), unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, has the meaning given 
to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date;

--- Page 147 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 147 -
47-41037950 
 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement 
Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
If the Temporary Non-Publication Falback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Optionis specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 
ISDA Definitions the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate 
Determination" in the definition of "Temporary Non-Publication 
Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall be replaced by "Temporary Non-
Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum 
Rate of Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall 
in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 
the time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest 
Period, calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest 
Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such 
Interest Period to the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the Specified currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For 
this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency 
and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a 
Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more than one Calculation 
Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the aggregate of 
the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount 
comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any 
other amount(s) required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment 
date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock 
exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but 
(in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any 
event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also 
promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in the event 
of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation Amount 
is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified 
Denomination.

--- Page 148 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 148 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this 
Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions) by the 
Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and 
(subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and 
discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference 
Rate when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period 
remains to be determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use 
its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with this Condition 8(j)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any 
(in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iii)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 8(j)(iv)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination 
made by it pursuant to this Condition 8(j).  
 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, 
failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8(j) prior 
to the relevant Interest Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the 
case may be, the Reference Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest 
Period shall be (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal 
to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the 
immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in the case of the First Reset Rate 
of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Initial Rate 
of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest on Reset 
Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest 
Payment Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes 
shall be the initial Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall 
be the Initial Rate of Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or 
First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or 
Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable).

--- Page 149 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 149 -
47-41037950 
 
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(j)(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) only. Any subsequent Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this 
Condition 8(j).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to 
adjustment as provided in Condition 8(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in 
place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the 
immediately following Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) 
and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j)) in the event 
of a further Benchmark Event affecting the Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
(there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
Condition 8(j))(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate 
to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and all following Interest Periods 
or Reset Periods (as applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8(j) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting 
the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment 
Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate 
(as the case may be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is 
determined in accordance with this Condition 8(j) and the Independent Adviser 
determines in its discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark 
Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the 
Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent (or the person 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice thereof 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and 
for the avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense 
of the Issuer, consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the 
Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in order to give 
effect to this Condition 8(j)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(j)will 
be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent,

--- Page 150 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 150 -
47-41037950 
 
the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices), the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date 
of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate 
and, (z) where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the 
specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as 
determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(j); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
(gg) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if 
any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will 
(in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and 
such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal 
Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(viii) Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or 
Maximum or Minimumm Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin 
(as applicable) relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum 
Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 8(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or 
the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the 
Independent Adviser determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate 
or the relevant Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided 
as an option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference 
Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Benchmark Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied 
to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be) in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Reference Rate; or

--- Page 151 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 151 -
47-41037950 
 
(iii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser 
determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for 
over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, 
where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or  
(iv) 
 (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is 
recognised or acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in 
good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any 
economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the 
Independent Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 8(j) is customary in 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified 
Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant 
Screen Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or 
administered; or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate 
that (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will 
be appointed that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it 
has ceased publishing such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely 
or that it will cease to do so by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or 
indefinitely discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified 
future date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse 
consequences, either generally or in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified 
Future Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, 
become unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments

--- Page 152 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 152 -
47-41037950 
 
due to be made to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as 
applicable) (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark 
Event is a public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and 
the Specified Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after 
the date of that public statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed 
occur until the date falling six months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of 
the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned 
central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board 
or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes 
only if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of 
any Zero Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall 
thereafter be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and 
including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the 
day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after

--- Page 153 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 153 -
47-41037950 
 
the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is 
any subsequent default in payment). 
9A. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 
7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions), each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
Issuer's Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer may, on one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its 
option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying 
Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, 
change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating 
Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final 
Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option 
Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be 
exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch 
Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to 
and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related 
Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch Option has not been exercised 
prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no longer be entitled 
to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any 
date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such 
subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer 
pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the 
Notes will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, 
subject as provided in Conditions 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) and 11 (Payments).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the 
Maturity Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve 
months after their Issue Date.

--- Page 154 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 154 -
47-41037950 
 
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their 
Issue Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer 
(but subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority) in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if, neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with 
interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or 
referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment 
to, the laws or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision 
or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the 
application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a 
holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it; and 
(C) in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points (A) 
and (B) above have occurred within five years of the issue of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes, the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that such change is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the 
Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 90 
days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such 
additional amounts if a payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the 
Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative 
of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth 
a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice 
as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 10(b).

--- Page 155 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 155 -
47-41037950 
 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) 
shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 10(c) applies only if (A) the Notes are specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes; and (B) Condition 10(c) 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has 
occurred, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to 
Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) below), in whole, but not in 
part, at any time (if this Note is neither a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked 
Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date (if the Note is either a Floating 
Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving not less than 15 nor more 
than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances 
prevail and describe the facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and 
binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c), at the Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, 
together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification 
of Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior

--- Page 156 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 156 -
47-41037950 
 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at 
the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor the CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable); or 
(ii) on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the 
CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 days nor more than the maximum period of notice specified 
in the applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d), the Issuer 
shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(d), at their 
Early Redemption Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) described in the relevant 
Final Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date 
of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d), 
the Issuer shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall 
be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders). 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, to prior approval of the Relevant Authority) be redeemed at the option of the 
Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional 
Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the 
Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to 
such date).  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 
10(e) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue 
Date, the redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to Condition

--- Page 157 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 157 -
47-41037950 
 
10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in 
accordance with Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to 
be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent 
approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to 
compliance with applicable law and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, 
trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes 
so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption 
Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall 
be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue 
Date, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase 
or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
such Notes in accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 
10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons), Condition 10 (e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10 (f) 
(Partial redemption) and any purchase in accordance with Condition 10 (k) 
(Purchases) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from 
time to time, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as 
applicable), the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds 
instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for 
its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority 
that its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment 
or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the

--- Page 158 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 158 -
47-41037950 
 
Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant 
Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth 
anniversary of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the 
extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments 
Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the 
Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue 
Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes), a Regulatory Event has occurred; 
or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the 
Issuer replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the 
determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of view 
and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements 
as may be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) the Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall 
not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or 
required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount 
of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding 
aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, 
subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the 
preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for 
any purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:

--- Page 159 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 159 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) Application: This Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) is 
applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes and if the Put Option is specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such 
Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option 
Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if 
any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the option contained in this 
Condition 10(h), the holder of a Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days 
before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), deposit with any Paying 
Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons and any unmatured Receipts 
relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable 
from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so deposited shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No 
Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with 
this Condition 10(h), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due 
and payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional 
Redemption Date (Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld 
or refused, the relevant Paying Agent shall mail notification thereof to the 
depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such Noteholder 
in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office 
for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put 
Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying Agent in 
accordance with this Condition 10(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise 
than as provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(h) (Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders). 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption, pursuant to Condition 
10 (Redemption and Purchase), of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity 
Date shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the 
Reference Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date 
fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, 
the calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis 
of such Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the 
purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 
30E/360. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment,

--- Page 160 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 160 -
47-41037950 
 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 
10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to 
the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue 
Date, the redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 
10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and 
at any price, provided that:  
(i) all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided 
in Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the 
purchase of the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, 
repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently 
surrendered for cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured 
Coupons and Receipts attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled (all as more fully 
described in this Condition 10), each Instalment Note will be redeemed in the 
Instalment Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. In the case of such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final 
instalment) will be paid against surrender of the relevant Receipt (which must be 
presented with the Instalment Note to which it appertains) and in the case of the final 
instalment against surrender of the relevant Note. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10 (e) (Redemption at the option of the 
Issuer), Condition 10 (f) (Partial redemption) and any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 10 (k) (Purchases) of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements 
(Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition

--- Page 161 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 161 -
47-41037950 
 
10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of 
the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission 
of the Relevant Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the 
following conditions is met: 
(iv) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the 
Issuer replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible 
Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its 
income capacity; or 
(v) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its 
Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the 
Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(vi) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
partial or full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is 
necessary to ensure compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable 
from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period 
which shall not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making 
purposes) Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a 
predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in sub-
paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission 
in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer 
for any purposes. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against: 
(i) 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Amount which becomes due on an Instalment Date, 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Receipts, 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn 
in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which 
euro may be credited or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the

--- Page 162 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 162 -
47-41037950 
 
Principal Financial Centre of that currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town 
clearing branch of a bank in the City of London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in 
respect of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided 
that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in 11(a) 
(Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the 
Specified Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed 
Paying Agents outside the United States with the reasonable expectation that such 
Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount of the interest on the 
Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the full 
amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively 
precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is 
permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all 
cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, 
but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 
1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed 
pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the 
Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of 
the missing Coupons will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount available for payment is 
less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that 
proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for 
payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of 
principal due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order 
of maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of 
such missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this 
sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon

--- Page 163 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 163 -
47-41037950 
 
to become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; 
and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if 
less, the amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the 
amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the 
gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal 
due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the 
amount of principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually 
available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of 
the relevant missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(f) 
is applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early 
redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made 
in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any 
Note or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder 
shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next 
succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in 
respect of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant 
Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New 
York City if permitted under Condition 11(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was 
at the time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case 
may be (including, if appropriate, a further Talon) but excluding any Coupons in respect 
of which claims have already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such 
Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Unmatured Receipts Void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 10(j) 
is applicable or that the Instalment Note provisions are applicable, on the due date for 
final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to 
Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL

--- Page 164 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 164 -
47-41037950 
 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of 
Default), all unmatured Receipts relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall 
become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding and deduction: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in 
respect of the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or 
future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any 
political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, 
unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. 
(b) 
Gross up: In the event that such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments, 
or governmental charges is required by law (as referred to in Condition 12(a)), the 
Issuer shall pay such additional amounts necessary for the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and Couponholders after such withholding or deduction to equal the 
respective amounts of principal, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying at 
such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, or 
interest, in the case of any Notes, which would otherwise have been receivable in 
respect of the Notes or Coupons in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except 
that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note or Coupon 
presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having 
some connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such 
Note or Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes 
in a country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with the Italian tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual 
or an Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited 
to (A) partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and 
professional associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than 
companies, not carrying on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt 
from corporate income tax) or to such other Italian individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or resident entities 
which have been or may be identified by Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 
1996 and related regulations of implementation which have been or may 
subsequently be enacted ("Decree 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 have not been met or complied with except where such requirements

--- Page 165 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 165 -
47-41037950 
 
and procedures have not been met or complied with due to the actions or 
omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant 
holder would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented 
such Note or Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes or Coupons classified as atypical securities (titoli atipici) 
where such withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 
30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction 
other than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to in the Republic of 
Italy shall be construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other 
jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to 
an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously 
approved by Extraordinary Resolution); or 
(ii) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an 
analogous effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered 
to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and 
payable, whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination 
Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment 
within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless 
the relevant Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant 
Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND RECEIPTS 
If any Note, Coupon or Receipt is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system which requires the appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying 
Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system), subject to all applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred 
in connection with such replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and 
otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or 
Receipts must be surrendered before replacements will be issued.

--- Page 166 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 166 -
47-41037950 
 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with Notes, Coupons and Receipts, 
the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial 
Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right 
at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor 
fiscal agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, 
that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all 
times maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a 
Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such 
listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly 
be given to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening 
meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made 
if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The 
quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or 
more Persons holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons 
being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or 
represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned 
meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for 
the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect 
as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained

--- Page 167 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 167 -
47-41037950 
 
in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf 
of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, 
the parties to the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but 
the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any such 
modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the 
interests of the Noteholders. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any waiver or modification of the 
Notes may be sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17 only 
to the extent permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a duly 
authorised signatory of the Issuer stating that such waiver or modification of the Notes 
is permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
(c) 
Modification of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification of Subordinated 
Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs or in order to 
ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition 
of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be 
given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority vary the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are varied to become 
or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes 
and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and as required 
therefor under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing 
and holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of 
the terms of Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and 
authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and 
/or on behalf of the holders of Subordinated Notes which is necessary or convenient to 
implement the modification of the terms of Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means 
securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to 
the holders of Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably 
following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international 
standing, than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (a) contain 
terms such that they comply with the minimum requirement under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; (b) provide 
for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (c) have the same

--- Page 168 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 168 -
47-41037950 
 
interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the 
Subordinated Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes 
to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and 
(f) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the 
same outlook as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately 
prior to modification; 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification; 
and 
(iii) are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification, to any 
early redemption right for taxation reasons. 
(d) 
Modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a 
MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
if Modification of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs 
or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority 
vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any 
time without any requirement for consent of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes are varied to become or remain Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant 
Authority if and as required therefor under the MREL Requirements in force at the 
relevant time. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue 
of subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of the terms of 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have granted to the Issuer 
full powers and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document 
in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes which is necessary or convenient to implement the modification of the 
terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(d): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less

--- Page 169 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 169 -
47-41037950 
 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting 
reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing, than the terms of the Senior Preferred Notes, and they shall 
also (a) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to 
count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL 
Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Preferred 
Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those 
from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (d) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the 
Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect 
of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date 
of modification; and (e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes 
(if rated) immediately prior to such variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior 
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or 
indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 
(Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less 
favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing, than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in such securities 
being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as 
applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the 
then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same 
Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the 
same outlook as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if rated) 
immediately prior to such variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such 
modification. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders, create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the

--- Page 170 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 170 -
47-41037950 
 
Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first 
payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes 
are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a 
leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the 
Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu) or 
in either case, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). 
Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the 
contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or any Receipt or any order 
or judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first 
currency") in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment 
into another currency (the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim 
or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or 
(c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall 
indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer 
and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose 
to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate 
or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase 
the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in 
whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a 
percentage point (with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United 
States dollar amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest 
cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next lower whole Japanese Yen 
amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 0.005 
being rounded upwards.

--- Page 171 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 171 -
47-41037950 
 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by Italian law. 
(b) 
Italian courts: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating 
to the existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation 
arising out of or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate 
and convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to 
the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy: Condition 22(b) (Italian 
courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 
22 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings 
relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent 
allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of 
jurisdictions. 
23. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 
55(1) of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on 
issuance or in the secondary market) agrees to be bound by and consent to: 
(i) the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise 
may include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (A) the 
reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in 
relation thereto; (B) the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect 
of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional 
amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other 
obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or conferral on the holder of 
such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an amendment, modification 
or variation of these Conditions; (C) the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount 
in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any 
additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (D) the amendment or alteration of 
the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or 
the date on which the interest become payable, including by suspending payment for a 
temporary period; and 
(ii) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give 
effect to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be 
varied if necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant 
Authority.

--- Page 172 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 172 -
47-41037950 
 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority 
with respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. Any delay or failure 
by the Issuer to give notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power 
nor the effects on the Notes described in this Condition 23. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply 
to the outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of 
interest payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further 
modification of the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable 
laws and regulations, including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings 
relating to the application of the Bail-In Power. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time 
to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit 
institutions, investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State 
in effect and applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, 
including (but not limited to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are 
implemented, adopted or enacted within the context of any European Union directive or 
regulation of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the 
recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms and/or within the context of 
a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of a credit 
institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, cancelled and/or 
converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power 
existing from time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of the Issuer or any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, 
regulations, rules or requirements implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and 
Council of 15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution 
of credit institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution 
Mechanism and a Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as 
amended or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 173 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 173 -
47-41037950 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, 
duly completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this 
section appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes 
directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined 
in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion

--- Page 174 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 174 -
47-41037950 
 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes 
to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative 
target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Issue of [currency] [amount] [description] Notes 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions 
(the "Conditions") set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2022 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not applicable],] which 
[together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain the final terms 
of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at and copies may be 
available from the address of the Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) 
and the website of the Issuer (www.iccreabanca.it). The Base Prospectus and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions  
(the "Conditions") incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 3 September 2021.  
These Final Terms contain the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with 
the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated 
[insert date] [delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), save in respect of the 
Conditions which are set forth in the base prospectus dated 3 September 2021 and are 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. These Final Terms contain the final terms of 
the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so supplemented]. 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the

--- Page 175 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 175 -
47-41037950 
 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at and copies may be 
available from the address of the Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) 
and the website of the Issuer (www.iccreabanca.it). The Base Prospectus and, in the case of 
Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange (www.bourse.lu).]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the 
numbering should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual 
paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.) 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a 
supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation). 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[The 
Notes 
shall 
be 
consolidated, form a single series and be 
interchangeable for trading purposes with the [●] 
on 
[[●]/the 
Issue Date/exchange of 
the 
Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in 
paragraph 24 below [which is expected to be on 
or about [●].] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation 
– 
Definitions 
–
"Specified Currency")) 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – "Issue 
Price")) 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount
[plus accrued interest from [insert date]] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified denominations: 
[●] [and integral multiplies of [●] in excess 
thereof up to and including [●]. No Notes in

--- Page 176 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 176 -
47-41037950 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Specified 
Denominations")) 
definitive 
form 
will 
be 
issued 
with 
a 
denomination above [●].] 
 
 
(The minimum denomination of Notes admitted 
to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area in circumstances 
which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation will be 
€100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a 
currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
of such currency). In the case of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, Notes will have a minimum 
denomination of €150,000 (or equivalent) and in 
the case of Subordinated Notes, Notes will have 
a minimum denomination of €200,000 (or 
equivalent), 
or 
such 
other 
minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time.) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, 
in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or,
whose 
issue 
otherwise, 
constitutes 
a 
contravention of Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000 and which have a maturity of less than 
one year must have a minimum redemption value 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions – 
"Calculation 
Amount")) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest 
common factor. There must be a common factor 
in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions –"Issue Date")) 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date 
(if different from the Issue 
Date): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]/ [●]

--- Page 177 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 177 -
47-41037950 
 
Definitions 
–"Interest 
Commencement Date")) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation 
– 
Definitions 
–
"Maturity Date")) 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) 
Interest Payment Date falling in the relevant 
month and year) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from 
the Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds 
are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom 
or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is carried 
on from an establishment maintained by the 
Issuer in the United Kingdom, (i) the Notes must 
have a minimum redemption value of £100,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies) and be sold 
only to "professional investors" or (ii) another 
applicable exemption from section 19 of the 
FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions) / Condition 7B (Reset 
Note 
Provisions) 
Condition 
8
(Floating Rate and CMS Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions) 
and 
Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions)) 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] 
per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]] 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and 
every [●] anniversary thereafter] 
[[EURIBOR]/ [ECB Interest Rate] +/- [ ] per 
cent. per annum Floating Rate] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par]/[Redemption at par in 
Instalment Amounts] 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
(Condition 9A (Change of Interest 
Basis)) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if applicable, specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate or vice-versa change occurs or 
cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 (as 
appropriate) below and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 178 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 178 -
47-41037950 
 
 
 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to paragraphs 
13 and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating 
or fixed reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Reset Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods 
to which the change(s) in Interest Basis 
applies]/[Not Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise 
of the Switch Option to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
(Condition 10(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer)) or (Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
–
Redemption 
at 
the 
option 
of 
Noteholders) and Condition 10(f) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Partial 
redemption)) 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification 
Event] 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 
[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
12. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
(Condition 4 (Status of Senior 
Preferred 
Notes)) 
or 
Condition 5 (Status of Senior 
Non -Preferred Notes) or 
Condition 
6 
(Status 
of 
Subordinated Notes) 
[Senior Preferred Notes]/[Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes]/[Subordinated Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/(if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies): Applicable for the period 
starting from [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]])] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)

--- Page 179 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 179 -
47-41037950 
 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
(Condition 7(b) (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions – Accrual of 
interest)) 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Interest 
Payment Date")) 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions – "Fixed Coupon 
Amount")) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if 
different Rates of Interest are specified as being 
applicable in respect of different Interest 
Periods.) 
/ 
(for Instalment Notes only:) [See column "Fixed 
Coupon Amount per Note of a denomination of 
the Calculation Amount" in the Appendix to the 
Final Terms for details of the Fixed Coupon 
Amount per Note of a denomination of the 
Calculation Amount payable on each Interest 
Payment Date] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Broken 
Amount")) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] / [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Day 
Count 
Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360]/[Eurob
ond basis] 
14. Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum

--- Page 180 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 180 -
47-41037950 
 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [ ]] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon Amount up to
(but excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not 
Applicable] 
 
(vii)  First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(viii)  Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix)  
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi)  
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii)  Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
 
(xiii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
/ 
Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)]
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond 
Basis]
[30E/360/Eurobond 
Basis]
[30E/360 
(ISDA)]
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xiv)  Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
 
(xv)  
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(xvi)  Calculation Agent: 
[the Fiscal Agent] / [ ] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/(if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies): Applicable for the period 
starting from [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]])] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[●]

--- Page 181 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 181 -
47-41037950 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Interest 
Payment Date")) 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions –"Business Day 
Convention")) 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii)  
Specified Period: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Specified 
Period")) 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s):
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Additional 
Business Centre(s)")) 
[Not Applicable/[●]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions)) 
[Screen 
Rate 
Determination/ISDA 
Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
Agent): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
–"Calculation 
Agent")) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] (no need 
to specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this 
function) 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph)

--- Page 182 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 182 -
47-41037950 
 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions)) 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Reference 
Rate")) 
[EURIBOR/ECB Interest Rate/CMS Rate] 
 
-  
Reference Banks: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Reference 
Banks")) 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
- 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Interest 
Determination Date")) 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination 
Date has the meaning specified in Condition 
8(e), 8(f) or 8(g) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes or 7(e), 7(f) or 7(g) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes) 
[•]  
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of 
each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify 
type of day] prior to the start of each Interest 
Period] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions – "Relevant Screen 
Page")) 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable 
headings and captions) 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Relevant 
Time")) 
[For example, 11.00 a.m.[London/Brussels] 
time]

--- Page 183 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 183 -
47-41037950 
 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Relevant 
Financial Centre")) 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-
zone means the region comprised of the 
countries whose lawful currency is the euro)) 
 
- 
[Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Reference 
Currency")) 
[●] 
 
- 
[Designated Maturity:]
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Designated 
Maturity")) 
[●] 
 
- [Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event in case of Replacement 
Reference Rate:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) ISDA Determination: 
(Condition 8(e) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
– 
ISDA 
Determination)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 (If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 
ISDA 
Definitions 
/ 
2021 
ISDA 
Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: [●] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected 
from one of: EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 
ISDA Definitions apply) or EUR-EURIBOR (if 
2021 ISDA Definitions apply) (each as defined in

--- Page 184 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 184 -
47-41037950 
 
the ISDA Definitions). These are the options 
envisaged by the terms and conditions. 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
(Delegated maturity will not be relevant where 
the Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions][the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period, suject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (ii) above and as specified 
in the ISDA Definitions] 
(In the case of EURIBOR or ECB Interest Rate 
or CMS Rate based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions –"Margin")) 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 8(f) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions – Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 8(f) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions – Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions – "Day Count 
Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360]/[Eurobond 
basis] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 185 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 185 -
47-41037950 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Accrual 
Yield")) 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Reference 
Price")) 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Partial 
redemption) 
[●] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise 
permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority's requirements applicable to the issue 
of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, the Optional 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than five 
years after the Issue Date) 
(If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
unless otherwise permitted by current laws, 
regulations, directives and/or the Relevant 
Authority's requirements applicable to the issue 
of Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer, the 
Optional Redemption Date shall not be earlier 
than twelve months after the Issue Date) 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call)")) 
[●] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 186 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 186 -
47-41037950 
 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Minimum 
Redemption Amount")) 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Maximum 
Redemption Amount")) 
[●] 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of the Issuer) and 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption 
and 
Purchase 
– 
Partial 
redemption) 
[●] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
18. Regulatory Call: 
(Condition 10(c) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption for regulatory 
reasons)) 
[Condition 10(c) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
19. Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
(Condition 10(d)) 
[Condition 10(d) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(a) Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through

--- Page 187 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 187 -
47-41037950 
 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
20. Put Options: 
(Condition 10(h) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option 
of Noteholders)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to 
Senior Notes/if not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Optional 
Redemption Date (Put)")) 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) (Put): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
and 
Interpretation 
–
Definitions 
– 
"Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put)")) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as 
set out in the Conditions): 
(Condition 10(h) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders)) 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer 
is advised to consider the practicalities of 
distribution 
of 
information 
through 
intermediaries, for example, clearing systems 
and custodians, as well as any other notice 
requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
21. Final Redemption Amount: 
(for all Notes other than Instalment Notes or 
Zero Coupon Notes:) [at 100 per cent. of their 
nominal amount] / (for Zero Coupon Notes 
only:) [[●] per Calculation Amount] / (for 
Instalment Notes only:) [Notes will be redeemed 
by payment of Instalment Amounts on each 
Interest Payment Date in accordance with the 
Appendix to the Final Terms hereto and in the 
amount set out therein. Upon payment of each 
Instalment Amount, the outstanding principal

--- Page 188 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 188 -
47-41037950 
 
amount of each Note shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
The Final Redemption Amount will be the final 
Instalment Amount as set out in the Appendix to 
the Final Terms hereto.] 
22. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(a)  
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable on redemption for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax)" and "Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event)") 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/(for Instalment Notes 
only:) [The Early Redemption Amount will be, 
in respect of each Note, the principal amount of 
the Notes outstanding following the payment of 
any Instalment Amounts paid by the Issuer prior 
to the relevant date for redemption, as set out in 
the Appendix to the Final Terms hereto.] 
(If the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) and the 
Early Termination Amount are the principal 
amount 
of 
the 
Notes/specify 
the 
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax) 
and/or 
Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) and/or 
the Early Termination Amount if different from 
the principal amount of the Notes.) 
 
(b)  
Early Redemption Amount 
payable on redemption upon 
the occurrence of a MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
as 
contemplated by Condition 
10(d): 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●] 
23. Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s) 
The amounts set out in the table in the Appendix 
to the Final Terms. 
Notes will be redeemed by payment of the 
Instalment Amounts on each Interest Payment 
Date in accordance with the Appendix to the 
Final Terms hereto and in the amount set out 
therein. Upon payment of each Instalment 
Amount, the outstanding principal amount of 
each Note shall be reduced by the relevant 
Instalment Amount for all purposes.

--- Page 189 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 189 -
47-41037950 
 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
Each Interest Payment Date as set out in the 
Appendix to the Final Terms. 
24. Modification or Substitution of Notes 
(for English Law Notes), Modification 
of Notes (for Italian Law Notes) 
 
 
(a)  
Modification or Substitution 
of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event/Tax Event
(for English Law Notes); 
Modification of Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
Regulatory 
Event/Tax Event (for Italian
Law Notes): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] in relation to 
[Regulatory Event/Tax Event] 
 
(b)  
Modification or Substitution 
of Senior Preferred Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
for MREL Disqualification 
Event 
(for 
English 
Law 
Notes); Modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes 
for 
MREL Disqualification Event 
(for Italian Law Notes): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [30] days' notice.] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes on [30] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note.] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [30] days' notice/at any 
time/in the limited circumstances specified in the 
Permanent Global Note]. 
26. New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
27. Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Business Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●].] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment)

--- Page 190 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 190 -
47-41037950 
 
28. Talons for future Coupons or 
Receipts to be attached to Definitive 
Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 
coupon payments, talons may be required if, on 
exchange into definitive form, more than 27 
coupons are left.] 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as 
it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts 
have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 191 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 191 -
47-41037950 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange /(specify)/None]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ [●] with 
effect from [●].]/[Not Applicable.] (Where 
documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original securities are already admitted to 
trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[Fitch: [●] [insert definition of rating provided 
as defined by the rating agency]]  
[S&P: [●][insert definition of rating provided 
as defined by the rating agency]] 
[[Other]: [●][insert definition of rating 
provided as defined by the rating agency]] 
(Insert where the issue has been specifically 
rated) 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings 
allocated to the Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally: 
[Fitch: [●][insert definition of rating provided 
as defined by the rating agency]] 
[S&P: [●][insert definition of rating provided 
as defined by the rating agency]] 
[DBRS: 
[●][insert 
definition 
of 
rating 
provided as defined by the rating agency]] 
[[Other]: [●][insert definition of rating 
provided as defined by the rating agency]]

--- Page 192 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 192 -
47-41037950 
 
(Insert where the issue has not been 
specifically rated) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued 
under the Programme generally or, where the 
issue has been specifically rated, that rating.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the UK or certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU
CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation ").]/ [[Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK

--- Page 193 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 193 -
47-41037950 
 
and registered under the CRA Regulation 
(UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or 
certified under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and has applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"), 
although notification of the corresponding 
registration decision has not yet been provided 
by 
the 
[relevant 
competent 
authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority].  
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] appears on the 
latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The 
rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has given to 
the Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"CRA Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation (UK)").]/ 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA 
Regulation (UK)") and the rating it has given 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating

--- Page 194 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 194 -
47-41037950 
 
agency established in the UK and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration and details of 
whether rating is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established and registered in the UK 
or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation"). 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on the 
ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. 
[The rating [Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part 
of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation (UK)").] 
/[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA
Regulation").]/ 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms 
part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the 
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and

--- Page 195 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 195 -
47-41037950 
 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a 
credit 
rating 
agency 
established 
and 
registered in the EEA or certified under the 
EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").  [[Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update 
of the list of registered credit rating agencies
(as of [insert date of most recent list]) on 
[FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal name of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], 
which is established in the EEA and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as 
amended (the "EU CRA Regulation").] 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] 
[[Insert 
legal 
name 
of 
particular 
credit 
rating 
agency 
entity 
providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as amended 
(the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.]
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a 
CRA which is established and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but the rating 
it has given to the Notes to be issued under the 
Programme is endorsed by [[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established

--- Page 196 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 196 -
47-41037950 
 
in the EEA and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU
CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name 
of credit rating agency], which is established 
in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or 
the UK and relevant rating is not endorsed 
under the CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA 
Regulation (UK) but CRA is certified under 
the CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the 
CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK but is 
certified 
under 
[Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation"]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the 
EEA or the UK nor certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation or the UK CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not 
established in the EEA or the UK and is not 
certified 
under 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation") 
or 
Regulation 
(EU) 
No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK

--- Page 197 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 197 -
47-41037950 
 
and 
registered 
under 
the 
UK 
CRA 
Regulation." 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead] Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer 
is aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the 
offer."] (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests). 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF 
PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base 
Prospectus] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is 
disclosed in the Base Prospectus, will need to 
include those use of proceeds here. If the Notes 
are Social Bonds or Green Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds describe the relevant 
projects to which the net proceeds of the 
Tranche of Notes will be applied and refer to the 
relevant bond framework.)] 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Green/Sustainable/Social] 
Bond 
 
a. Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
 
b. Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
 
[insert name of relevant external reviewer] 
 
 
[date] 
 
 
 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[●] 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and CMS Index Linked Interest Notes only] HISTORIC 
INTEREST RATES

--- Page 198 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 198 -
47-41037950 
 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/ECB Interest Rate/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained 
from [Reuters] /[●]. 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be 
calculated by reference to [●] which is provided 
by [●]. As at [●], [●] [appears/does not appear] 
on 
the 
register 
of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) 
(the "Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence).]]" 
 
 
 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information in respect of the Notes) has been sourced from 
(specify source). [Each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to 
ascertain from information published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
New Global Note intended to 
be held in a manner which 
would 
allow 
Eurosystem 
eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no"
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the

--- Page 199 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 199 -
47-41037950 
 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking, 
société 
anonyme, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s) and 
addresses: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give name(s), number(s) 
and addresses)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
a) If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments) 
(Include names and addresses of entities 
agreeing to underwrite the issue on a firm 
commitment basis and names and addresses of 
the entities agreeing to place the issue without a 
firm commitment or on a "best efforts" basis if 
such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)] 
 
b) Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
c) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give name)] 
 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give name and address)]

--- Page 200 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 200 -
47-41037950 
 
 
(iii) US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2] / [TEFRA 
[C]/[D]] / [TEFRA not applicable] 
 
(iv) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, "Not Applicable" should 
be specified.  If the Notes may constitute 
"packaged" products, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute 
"packaged" products, or the Notes do constitute 
"packaged" products and a key information 
document will be prepared in the UK, "Not 
Applicable" should be specified. If the Notes 
may 
constitute 
"packaged" 
products, 
"Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 201 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 201 -
47-41037950 
 
(for Instalment Notes only:) 
[APPENDIX TO THE FINAL TERMS] 
Instalment 
Date 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
outstanding at 
each date 
prior to the 
scheduled 
redemption of 
Instalment 
Amount 
Instalment 
Amount 
Principal 
Amount 
outstanding 
following 
payment of 
Instalment 
Amount 
Aggregate of 
Interest 
payable on 
each Interest 
Payment Date 
and on the 
Maturity Date 
in respect of 
the last 
payment 
Instalment 
Amount per 
Note of a 
denomination 
of 
[Calculation 
Amount] 
Fixed Coupon 
Amount per 
Note of a 
denomination 
of 
[Calculation 
Amount] 
(in [Specified 
Currency])
(in [Specified 
Currency])
(in 
[Specified 
Currency])
(in [Specified 
Currency])
(in [Specified 
Currency])
(in [Specified 
Currency])
[●]
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[To be completed in respect of each Instalment Note]

--- Page 202 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 202 -
47-41037950 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for the general financing purposes of 
the Issuer or, in respect of any Notes which are issued as Green/Sustainability/Social Bonds in 
accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, to finance or 
refinance green, social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the 
principles set out by the ICMA.  
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework will be available on the Issuer's website 
at: www.gruppoiccrea.it.  For the avoidance of doubt, the Green, Social and Sustainability 
Bond Framework is not, nor shall it be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 203 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 203 -
47-41037950 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes 
represented by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to 
"Noteholder" are references to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the 
Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a 
common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or 
any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case 
may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any 
other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an 
"Accountholder") must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or such other 
relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment 
made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising 
under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may 
exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking and any other relevant clearing system 
from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, 
Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of payments due under 
the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the bearer of the 
Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a 
Permanent Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such 
Permanent Global Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to 
the bearer of the Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case 
of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal 
Agent within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary 
Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary 
Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.

--- Page 204 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 204 -
47-41037950 
 
If: 
(c) a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased 
by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global 
Note has requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note; or 
(d) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-
fifth day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the 
Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(e) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of a 
Temporary Global Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of 
principal falling due with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of 
the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note 
on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note 
or increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the 
rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under a deed of 
covenant dated 7 September 2022 (the "Deed of Covenant") executed by the Issuer in 
connection with the English Law Notes). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system as 
being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer 
all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the 
records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the 
Minimum Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the 
Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes 
pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices). 
In addition to the requirements and procedures set out in this section, any exchange of 
Temporary Global Notes will be subject to the requirements and procedures set out under 
"Form of the Notes". 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall 
procure the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly 
authenticated and, where applicable, with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal

--- Page 205 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 205 -
47-41037950 
 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 
days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-
fifth day after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance 
with the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or the date for final redemption of the Notes 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due 
with all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for 
payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will 
become void at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) 
or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer 
of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to 
the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest 
in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which 
they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent Global Note became void, 
they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the 
principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the 
Minimum Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the 
Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes 
pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices). 
In addition to the requirements and procedures set out in this section, any exchange of 
Permanent Global Notes will be subject to the requirements and procedures set out under 
"Form of the Notes". 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
as they apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation 
and (in the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender 
of the Global Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy 
and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each 
occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note,

--- Page 206 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 206 -
47-41037950 
 
the Issuer shall procure that, in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule 
thereto and, in respect of an NGN, the payment is entered pro rata in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. 
 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption at the option of Noteholders), the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, 
within the period specified in the Conditions for the deposit of the relevant Note and Put 
Option Notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the 
principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such 
notice will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn. 
 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the 
Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount 
specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Conditions and the Notes to be redeemed 
will not be selected as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking (to be reflected in the records of 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking, at their discretion, as either a pool factor or a 
reduction in principal amount). 
 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) 
and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary 
Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common safekeeper, 
notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such 
notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking 
and/or any other relevant clearing system; except that for so long as such Notes are 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and it is also a requirement of 
applicable laws or regulations, such notices shall also be published in a leading newspaper 
having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) 
or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global 
Note (or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent 
Global Note is (or the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) 
deposited with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream 
Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment Business Day" means: 
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and 
a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre.

--- Page 207 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 207 -
47-41037950 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") is a bank incorporated in Italy as a limited liability 
company (società per azioni). The full legal name of the Issuer is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto 
Centrale del Credito Cooperativo", and its abbreviated form is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A.". 
The Issuer, a member of Gruppo IVA Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, is registered in the 
companies register of Rome under tax code and registration number 04774801007, VAT 
number 15240741007 and with the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy under number 
5251. Its registered office is located at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) and 
its telephone number is +39 06 72071. The Issuer’s website is https://www.iccreabanca.it. 
The Issuer's business authorisation is valid until 31 December 2050, with the possibility of this 
term being extended by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting under article 2 of the Issuer's 
by-laws. 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official 
Gazette of the Italian Republic (and subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law 
no. 49/2016) (the "BCC Reform Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures 
for Italy's cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo).  
The Issuer has since undergone a corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, 
and has become group head company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) 
of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperative Iccrea) (the "Group") 
which, at the date of this Base Prospectus comprises 120 cooperative credit banks (banche di 
credito cooperativo) (the "BCCs") and the Group Companies (defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 97,773% of the Issuer's shares are held by the BCCs, 
Cassa Centrale Banca del Nord-Est, Raiffeisen Landesbank Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto 
Adige and certain other banks. The remaining shares in the Issuer are owned by other entities 
permitted under the BCC Reform Law. For more information, see "Shareholdings in the Issuer" 
below. 
The Issuer has majority shareholdings in the following companies which, together with the 
BCCs and the Issuer form the Group: BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A. (100% as of 27 July 2018)  
Iccrea BancaImpresa S.p.A. (100% as of 29 December 2020), BCC Factoring S.p.A. (100% as 
of 1 January 2021), BCC CreditoConsumo S.p.A. (100% as of 21 December 2020), BCC 
Risparmio&Previdenza SGR (100% as of 14 January 2021), BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. 
(100% as of 15 October 2021), Sinergia Sistemi di Servizi S.p.A. (100% as of 23 November 
2021), Banca Sviluppo S.p.A., BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l., Sigest S.r.l., Banca Mediocredito 
FVG S.p.A., BCC Lease S.p.A., Sirius Project S.r.l., BCC Solutions S.p.A., Immobiliare Banca 
d'Alba S.r.l., BCC Sistemi Informatici S.c.p.A., BIT S.p.A., Brianza Elaborazione Dati S.p.A., 
Coopersystem Società Cooperativa S.p.A. and Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. (the "Group 
Companies").

--- Page 208 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 208 -
47-41037950 
 
In addition, the Issuer has controlling shareholdings in the following companies:, BCC Pay 
S.p.A. (100%) and Accademia BCC in liquidation (100%). The Issuer also holds minority 
participations in BCC Assicurazioni S.p.A. (30.27%), BCC Vita S.p.A (30.27%), Hi-Mtf Sim 
S.p.A. (20%) and H-Benchmark (10%). Such companies fall outside the perimeter of the 
Group. 
History and Development 
The origins of the Issuer and its current corporate structure can be traced back to the 1960's. 
"Istituto di Credito delle Casse Rurali e Artigiane" abbreviated "ICCREA", (Credit Institution 
of Rural and Artisan Banks), (the "Credit Institution") was incorporated on 30 November 
1963, with approximately 190 rural banks signing its charter. 
In the early years of its business activities, the Credit Institution provided services to a growing 
number of banks. During the early 1970's the number of client banks and rural banks to which 
the Credit Institution was providing services continued to expand, resulting in the establishment 
of separate departments providing banking services, in order to better serve the companies 
within the Group. 
In 1975, the Fondo Centrale di Garanzia was also established. This was one of the first 
examples in Italy of a funding system providing key financial and credit services to a network 
of banking institutions. 
Twenty years after its establishment, and following high growth in the agricultural banking 
system, the role of the Credit Institution became increasingly important. 
In 1985, the Sezione Speciale per il Credito alla Cooperazione at BNL (the department of 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro specialising in lending to rural business cooperatives) authorised 
the Credit Institution to provide finance to rural banks, which then enabled them to grant loans 
to various cooperatives. 
During the same year, the Credit Institution increased its share capital to 80 billion Italian liras 
and established a company named "Coogestioni" (now Fondo Aureo) to manage mutual funds, 
which came on to the market launching the fund named "Aureo". 
In 1992, the Credit Institution became a member of the UNICO Banking Group, a partnership 
of European co-operative banks founded in 1977, which resulted in an expansion of its presence 
in the European market. 
In 1995, Iccrea Holding S.p.A. was established, and the banking activities of the Credit 
Institution were transferred to the Issuer. 
On 1 July 1995, the Issuer became an official member of the UNICO Banking Group. 
In 1997, the Issuer joined the newly established "Fondo di Garanzia dei Depositanti del 
Credito Cooperativo", and a year later it became active in a number of the divisions of the 
Milan stock exchange (including in shares, bonds and derivatives). Ultimately the Issuer 
became a primary dealer on the wholesale market for Government bonds.

--- Page 209 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 209 -
47-41037950 
 
On 29 July 1999, by an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders, the name of Iccrea S.p.A. 
was changed to "ICCREA BANCA – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo – joint-stock 
company" with effect from 1 January 2000. 
In 2000, the Issuer launched a complex and strategic reorganisation of its banking 
businesses/operations with the aim of bringing itself closer to credit cooperative banks and 
their markets. The Issuer's share capital was 420 billion Italian liras and, on 22 September 2000 
the board of directors agreed to its conversion to Euro 216,913,200. 
Reform of Cooperative Credit Banks 
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) 
can join a cooperative banking group (gruppo bancario cooperativo) as long as the group head 
company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) is a public limited company 
with assets of no less than Euro 1 billion. Under the BCC Reform Law, the group head company 
is required to perform certain management and coordination activities pursuant to a cohesion 
contract (contratto di coesione) that is entered into between the members of the relevant 
banking group. Adherence to such a cooperative banking group and the entering into a cohesion 
contract with the group head are pre-conditions for obtaining authorisation, from the Bank of 
Italy, for a bank to operate banking activities in the form of a cooperative credit bank.  
In line with the BCC Reform Law described above, on 1 June 2016, the Bank of Italy authorised 
the reverse merger of Iccrea Banca S.p.A. and Iccrea Holding S.p.A pursuant to Article 57 of 
Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as subsequently amended and supplemented 
(the "Consolidated Banking Act"). The merger took place in Rome with the signing of a deed 
of merger between the two companies, and became effective from 1 October 2016 (1 January 
2016, for accounting purposes).  
As a result of the merger, the Issuer became the head group company of the Iccrea banking 
group (in line with European practices relating to banking groups monitored by the European 
Central Bank (the "ECB")), replacing Iccrea Holding S.p.A., by universal succession, in all its 
roles including as a member of the UNICO Banking Group. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of group head 
company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea cooperative banking group, and sent to the ECB and the 
Bank of Italy its request to establish the Group comprising, at such date, 142 BCCs. 
The establishment of the Group was authorised by the ECB on 24 July 2018. 
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved certain amendments to its 
by-laws, to bring them in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group 
pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, and to increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, 
from Euro 1.15 billion to Euro 1.4 billion. 
On 4 March 2019, the ECB gave its final approval to the establishment of the Group 
(comprising, at such date, 142 BCCs), which was then formally registered in the Italian register 
of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) by the Bank of Italy.

--- Page 210 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 210 -
47-41037950 
 
Since such approval date, there have been several BCC mergers (Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
di Gradara S.C. with RiminiBanca Credito Cooperativo di Rimini e Valmarecchia S.C. on 31 
March 2019, BCC di Serino with BCC di Capaccio Paestum on 31 March 2019, Banca di 
Formello e Trevignano Romano di Credito Cooperativo with Banca di Credito Cooperativo di 
Riano on 1 January 2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Valledolmo with Banca di Credito 
Cooperativo San Giuseppe di Petralia Sottana on 1 January 2020, Banca CRAS Credito 
Cooperativo Toscano – Siena with Banca di Credito Cooperativo Umbria S.C. on 10 January 
2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Monastier e del Sile with Banca di Credito Cooperativo 
Pordenonese on 22 January 2020, Banca di Credito Cooperativo Don Stella di Resuttano, 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo San Biagio Platani and Banca di Credito Cooperativo San 
Giuseppe Mussomeli with Banca di Credito Cooperativo G. Toniolo di San Catando on 1 
October 2020, Credito Trevigiano Banca di Credito Cooperativo with Cassa Rurale ed 
Artigiana di Brendola on 26 October 2020, BCC di Buonabitacolo with Banca del Cilento di 
Sassano e Vallo di Diano e della Lucania on 11 February 2021 Banca San Giorgio Quinto Valle 
Agno Credito Cooperativo with Banca di Verona Credito Cooperativo Cadidavid S.c.p.a. on 
12 April 2021, Banca Terre Etrusche e di Maremma with Banca Valdichiana Credito 
Cooperativo di Chiusi e Montepulciano on 26 July 2021, BCC di Borghetto Lodigiano with 
Banca Centropadana on 13 September 2021, BCC Cereabanca 1897 with BCC Verona e 
Vicenza on 21 February 2022, BCC Massafra with BCC Taranto on 14 March 2022, BCC 
Cittanova, BCC Crotonese and BCC Vibonese with BCC del Catanzarese on 11 April 2022,  
BCC Oppido Lucano Ripacandida with BCC di Spinazzola on 9 May 2022, BCC San Giuseppe 
delle Madonie with BCC Mutuo Soccorso Gangi on 23 May 2022 and BCC Milano with BCC 
Bergamo on 13 June 2022 so that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the total number of 
BCCs is 120.  
The Cohesion Contract 
In January 2019, the Issuer and the BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion 
Contract") in accordance with the BCC Reform Law.  
Pursuant to the Cohesion Contract each BCC accepts that it is subject to the Issuer's 
management and coordination in accordance with the terms set out therein.  
Amongst other things, the Cohesion Contract sets out the Group's corporate governance and 
administrative rules, so as to allow the Issuer to issue strategic guidelines and ensure that the 
Group's operational objectives are set and subsequently followed. 
More specifically, the Cohesion Contract: 
a) 
regulates the Issuer's powers of appointment and dismissal of the members of the 
individual BCC's administrative bodies pursuant to the principle that the shareholders' 
meetings may approve such matters unless the persons proposed for such offices are 
deemed by the Issuer to be: 
 
not adequate with respect to the Group's governance needs or the effectiveness of 
the management and coordination of the Issuer, or

--- Page 211 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 211 -
47-41037950 
 
 
unsuitable with respect to ensuring a sound and prudent management of the 
individual BCC, having regard to, in particular, already demonstrated skills and 
results achieved as a company representative. 
In such cases, on the basis of reasonably justified considerations, the Issuer can 
exercise powers of direct appointment and dismissal; and 
b) 
describes the Issuer's supervisory functions in respect of the risk appetite framework, 
individual BCCs' internal controls and outsourcing of the Group functions.  
Moreover, to ensure operational continuity of the Group's strategic, managerial and technical-
operational oversight and the management equilibrium of individual BCCs, the Cohesion 
Contract gives the Issuer powers to set (and then monitor) strategies, policies and principles of 
evaluation and measurement of Group risks. 
To this end, the Cohesion Contract envisages that it is the Issuer that sets (at group level) 
individual BCC's policies relating to its exposure to financial risks (including equity and real 
estate investment decisions), the granting of credit and the management of conflicts of interest. 
Supervisory and intervention activities  
As well as regulating the Issuer's general framework of oversight and powers of intervention, 
the Cohesion Contract defines a whole series of prevention (and where necessary correction) 
measures. These include, amongst others, the ability to intervene regarding an individual BCC's 
liquidity and risk profile, its disposal of participatory and real estate investments and 
distribution of dividends. 
Compliance with prudential and reporting requirements 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to issue individual BCCs with binding 
prudential and reporting requirements. It also gives the Issuer sole responsibility for setting 
regulatory risks measurement methodologies. 
Strategic operations 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to approve individual BCC's strategically 
important operations, which could include asset acquisitions and disposals, the opening of new 
branches (both in Italy and abroad) and the provisions of services at an international level. 
Cross Guarantee Scheme 
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism 
governed by Italian law which, pursuant to Circular No. 285, has been defined also to meet the 
requirements for a "cross guarantee scheme" as defined under the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee 
Scheme"). In particular: 
a) 
the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. 
In turn, each BCC cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will 
support the obligations of the Issuer and all other BCCs;

--- Page 212 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 212 -
47-41037950 
 
b) 
the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and 
the individual BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the 
Issuer;  
c) 
in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and 
the guidelines of the Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the 
BCCs have put in place arrangements to ensure the prompt provision of financial means 
in terms of capital and liquidity if required. In particular, the Issuer and the BCCs have 
committed funds readily available to them which may be applied by the Issuer in its 
discretion and as it determines, in order to meet the obligations of the Issuer and the 
BCCs, thereby providing inter-group financial support; and 
d) 
the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of 
which, in the case of the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with 
the Issuer plus a quota that can be called on by the Issuer on demand if needed.  
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so 
its provision is an unavoidable condition. Prospective Bondholders should be aware, therefore, 
of the risk that the Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, 
if necessary, its own assets to provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance 
of the cross-guarantee obligations.  
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels of the Issuer's and BCCs' 
joint and several liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital 
resource of the Issuer and the individual BCCs (as the case may be). In order to pursue the 
objectives defined, such scheme is also based on an estimate of the overall guarantee 
requirements through an analysis of potential vulnerability in adverse conditions, an EBA 
compliant stress test for each member of the Group. 
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial 
support mechanism within which the participating banks provide each other with financial 
support to ensure solvency and liquidity (particularly for the purpose of their compliance with 
prudential requirements and any requirements of the supervisory authority) and to avoid, where 
necessary, submission to resolution procedures pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or 
to compulsory administrative liquidation procedures pursuant to art. 80 and following of the 
Consolidated Banking Act. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, shares in the Issuer are held by approximately 
190shareholders. The table below shows the shareholdings in excess of 2 per cent. of the entire 
share capital. 
Shareholders of the Issuer 
% of share capital held 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma 
8.697

--- Page 213 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 213 -
47-41037950 
 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano 
3.855 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese 
3.475 
Emilbanca Credito Cooperativo 
3.412 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Alba, Langhe, Roero e del 
Canavese 
3.372 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Cantù 
2.734 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Carate Brianza 
2.463 
Rivierabanca Credito Cooperativo di Rimini e Gradara 
2.288 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma 
2.249 
 
The shareholders affiliated to the Cassa Centrale Group together hold approximately 3.31% of 
the Issuer's shares.

--- Page 214 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 214 -
47-41037950 
 
The Group's structure 
ICCREA COOPERATIVE BANKING GROUP 
 
Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches 
The Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group is the largest Cooperative Banking Group nationwide 
and Italy’s third-largest banking group in terms of number of branches, with 2,474 branches 
(10% of the market share) operated by 120 mutual banks and by Banca Sviluppo, 57% of which 
are located in the regions of Lombardy, Veneto, Tuscany and Emilia-Romagna. The Group has 
22,084 employees and more than 845,100 shareholders. In terms of assets the Group is the 
fourth-largest banking group of Italy with a total assets of Euro 179 billion and an total own 
funds equal to Euro 12 billion. The Group has an extensive retail customer base (comprising 
families and SMEs). Direct funding from ordinary customers, excluding repos with 
institutional counterparties and including outstanding debt securities (bonds and certificates of 
120 Cooperative Banks 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. 
Iccrea BancaImpresa S.p.A. - BCC Factoring S.p.A. - BCC Lease S.p.A. - BCC 
CreditoConsumo S.p.A. - BCC Risparmio&Previdenza SGR - Banca Sviluppo S.p.A. - 
BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A. -  BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l. - Sinergia Sistemi di Servizi 
S.p.A. - Sigest S.r.l. - Banca Mediocredito FVG S.p.A. - BCC Solutions S.p.A. - BCC 
Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. - Immobiliare Banca d'Alba S.r.l. - BCC Sistemi Informatici 
S.c.p.A. - BIT S.p.A. - Brianza Elaborazione Dati S.p.A. - Coopersystem Società 
Cooperativa S.p.A. - Sirius Project S.r.l. – Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l.

--- Page 215 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 215 -
47-41037950 
 
deposit), as at 31 December 2021 are Euro 1222 billion while loans to customers at the same 
date were Euro 88.8 billion net of debt securities. The strong link of the Group with its Italian 
customer base is the basis of the high component of such direct funding which is largely 
represented by deposits from customers (especially current accounts and deposits) equal to 
Euro 110.7 billion and to a lesser extent by bonds and certificates of deposit equal to Euro 11.3 
billion. 
In recent years, the mutual banking system has also undergone a process of rationalising the 
network, which — although manifesting itself to a lesser extent than for Italy’s broader banking 
industry — is to be seen within the context of the affiliated banks’ characteristics of having a 
physical presence close to their communities as being of fundamental importance in their 
relationships with customers and with the communities themselves.  
This trend continued in 2019 with the creation of the new Group and in 2020, a period in which 
the affiliated banks further rationalised their branch networks by closing branches, some of 
which were replaced by branches opened in areas that were not adequately served, thereby 
resulting in only a slight decline in number of branches. 
In order to ensure a proper balance between physical presence and economic sustainability, 
following creation of the Group, an initial territory-development plan has been defined, the 
goals of which include increasing the market share of gross banking operations by repositioning 
branches in more attractive markets and rationalizing the branch network in order to achieve a 
greater reduction in branches than in recent years. 
Reorganisation of the Group’s retail segment – Electronic money 
In line with the Group's goal to achieve its full commercial potential through ever increasing 
organisational and operational efficiency, in 2021 a new company was established within the 
Issuer's electronic-money segment through a spin-off of the (issuing and acquiring) business 
of Ventis S.p.A, a company established in 2018. 
On 10 May 2021, Ventis S.p.A's name was changed to BCC Pay S.p.A.. On 5 October 2021, 
BCC Pay S.p.A. was authorised by the competent supervisory authorities to operate as an 
electronic money institution, and on 15 October 2021 the company was listed in the Italian 
register of electronic money institutions.  
On 29 January 2022, Iccrea Banca and FSI SGR S.p.A. entered into a strategic partnership to 
further develop BCC Pay S.p.A., and to date the Issuer has transferred to it its issuing and 
acquiring business.  
De-risking and NPE reduction  
The Group's NPE reduction efforts during 2021 (in line with the strategy that the Group has 
been pursuing since 2018, prior to creation of the Group in its current form) have focused on 
 
2 Direct lending is composed as follows: current accounts and demand deposits Euro 104.3 billion, time deposits 
Euro 4.8 billion, securities issued Euro 11.3 billion, other payables Euro 1.6 billion.

--- Page 216 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 216 -
47-41037950 
 
achieving the targets and implementing the de-risking levers defined within the Group’s 2021–
2023 NPE reduction strategy approved in March 2021.  
Despite the complex macroeconomic landscape brought about by the spread of the COVID-19 
pandemic, the goal of this plan is to tackle the most challenging positions, and to this end:  
 
at the end of 2021, the target for the gross NPE ratio set for the first year of the plan was 
both reached and amply surpassed (with a gross NPL ratio ("GNPL") reduction from 8.3% 
to 6.9%), thanks in part to an acceleration in the ongoing and significant reduction of the 
levels of impaired loans.  
 
in March 2022, the Issuer approved a new strategic plan for the years 2022-2024, which 
factors in the impact of the indications provided by the ECB’s 2021 Asset Quality Review 
("AQR") of the Group, which involved the application of more prudent provisioning 
policies for the 2021 financial statements to the entire portfolio of (performing and non-
performing) loans.  
Within this context, the Group's new NPE plan for 2021-2023 (the "2021-2023 NPE Plan") 
defines the levels of asset quality and cost of risk expected for such period and outlines a path 
of gradual de-risking. The plan hinges on the proactive engagement of the banks belonging to 
the Group in boosting ordinary management efforts, while confirming the utility of making 
significant use of NPE sales, which are to be assessed on a case-by-case basis in light of market 
conditions and any incentivizing mechanisms that may be in place.  
The following diagram shows the acceleration in the Group’s de-risking efforts, which is above 
initial expectations, by reference to a 5 year trend of the level of impaired exposures (along 
with forecasts for the period 2022–2024) with comparison data for the period 2018–2021: 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross NPL stock evolution - €/b  
2018-2021 Strategic Plan 
(ECB Application) 
2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
Actual 
15.9
13.1
10.2
10.4
18.9
17.5
13.1
12.6 10.6
8.4
6.5
5.7
5.1
4.4
6.4
FY
‘16
FY
‘17
FY
‘18
FY
‘19
FY
‘20
FY
‘21
FY
‘22
FY
‘23
FY
‘24

--- Page 217 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 217 -
47-41037950 
 
Regarding the composition of the asset quality of the Group’s loans to customers, as at 
December 2021, the total gross amount of Euro 93.9 billion was made up of: performing loans 
(Euro 87.5 billion) and non-performing loans (Euro 6.4 billion), including bad loans (Euro 2.8 
billion), UTP (Euro 3.2 billion) and past due loans (Euro 0.4 billion). 
As at 31 December 2021 the Gross NPL ratio was equal to 6.9% (compared with 9.1% as at 31 
December 2020) while the Net NPL ratio was equal to 2.7% (compared with 4.3% as at 31 
December 2020). Coverage of NPLs rose to 62.7% at the end of December 2021 (compared 
with 55.7% as at 31 December 2020) while bad loans amounted to Euro 3.2 billion (compared 
with Euro 4.1 billion as at December 2020). 
Strategy  
The Group's strategic plan 
The procedure for the establishment and authorisation of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking 
Group, which began following the 2016 reform of the mutual banking industry, was completed 
with the registration of the Group by the Bank of Italy in the Register of Banking Groups on 4 
March 2019. 
On 28 April 2022 the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan 
(Plan).  The development of such Plan is the result of a process which involved all the entities 
of the Group and it is consistent with strategic lines of the previous plans.  
 
The fundamental drivers for such strategic plan were identified as: ensuring sturdy capital 
margins as a way of mitigating risks and funding development; value generation through 
commercial and cost containment measures; further reduction of the target NPE ratio; the 
development of ESG policies and new group rating targets. 
 
In its strategic perspective, the Issuer aspires to become an efficient platform for governance 
services, shared services and products available to BCCs; hence, the need to face an important 
challenge of efficiency improvement, which is part of a necessary investment programme to 
(i) complete the Group’s operating structure, (ii) improve the level of service for the BCCs and 
(iii) review the territorial model and management of professional resources. 
 
The execution of the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan involves the entire business model and the goals 
are aimed to be achieved through completion of the interventions envisaged by the 
Transformation Plan (the “Transformation Plan”) approved by the Board of Directors on 30 
May 2020 , as well as other internal initiatives. 
 
 
 
The macroeconomic scenario referred to in the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan refers to a more stable 
outlook in respect of the COVID-19 pandemic,  but that does not take into account the potential

--- Page 218 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 218 -
47-41037950 
 
effects of the Russia-Ukraine conflict. Sensitivity analyses have since been carried out and it 
was not deemed necessary to revise the plan projections.  
The 2022-2024 Strategic Plan's objectives include, inter alia: 
 
asset quality – with focus on disposals, liquidations and an active reduction in the weight 
of government bonds; 
 
profitability – to grow beyond the targets set by the approved strategic guidelines; 
 
capital profile –to have a capital in terms of Total Capital ratio which exceeds the targets 
set by the approved strategic guidelines; 
 
ESG - the Issuer updated the Group’s Sustainability Plan – encompassing ESG issues – 
in order to define specific goals and targets taking into account the new social and 
economic landscape, which has been radically altered by the pandemic and by related, 
ongoing changes in laws and regulations; 
 
improvement of the Group rating. 
Maintaining a high level of capital strength is one of the main strategic priorities as a founding 
element of the Issuer’s business model. In this context, the evolution of the capital profile does 
not assume any incremental issuance of subordinated instruments that can be counted in own 
funds, while it is assumed the renewal of those outstanding in 2021 issued by the Group.  
 
In the construction of the 2022-2024 Strategic Plan, particular attention has also been given to 
the impact of the gradual reduction of the TLTRO operations, to structural Net Stable Funding 
Ratio and to short-term liquidity profiles (LCR) without neglecting the MREL adequacy 
profiles. 
The activities of the Strategic Plan are aimed to expand banking operations (with a 2024 target 
for gross lending to customers of Euro 96,6 billion, up from  2021 Euro 90,8 billion and a 2024 
target for net lending to customers of more than Euro 96.1 billion, up from 2021 Euro 89.5 
billion) and indirect funding (with a 2024 target of over Euro 67.3 billion), consolidate the 
capital position (CET1R target for 2024 in line with current IFRS 9 phase-in figure), improve 
efficiency and profitability indicators (a 2024 target cost/income ratio of 67.1%) and implement 
further de-risking actions (with a 2024 gross NPL ratio target and net NPL ratio target of 4.5% 
and 2.1% respectively). 
NPE Strategy  
With regard to the general strategies for reducing non-performing positions and the group asset 
quality, the plan aims to reach a gross NPL ratio of 4.5%.  
 
The expected effects of the managerial actions and the estimated cure on the initial stock of 
NPLs, will allow to reduce the amount of NPLs to a greater extent than the size of new NPLs 
entry flows. The main levers that will allow this decline in NPLs are disposals and liquidations.

--- Page 219 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 219 -
47-41037950 
 
The default rate is decreasing over the plan period, while the cure rate is improving. The figures 
are also affected by an increase in loans to customers that will reach a value of €94,6 billion in 
2024 (net loans to customers).  
In November 2021, the Group completed its fifth securitisation of non-performing loans 
("GACS V") backed by the Italian government 'GACS' guarantee (Garanzia sulla 
Cartolarizzazione delle Sofferenze) (the "GACS"). GACS V comprised a portfolio (of mixed 
underlying assets, including both non-performing loans and lease agreements in default) of 
11,270 NPE positions relating to 6,784 borrowers with a gross book value of €1.2 billion, and 
involved 74 banks including, inter alios, certain BCCs, Banca Ifis S.p.A. and Guber Banca 
S.p.A..  
With GACS V and other securitisation transactions carried out by the Group over the period 
2018-2021, the Group deconsolidated a total of about € 7.4 billion of NPEs. In addition, the 
Group carried out various without-recourse sales of NPLs during 2021 (mainly UTPs). The 
main ones, wich were 4 sales of UTPs, were completed totalling  €380 million. 
In May 2022, the Group also completed its sixth securitisation of non-performing loans 
("GACS VI") backed by the Italian government 'GACS' guarantee (Garanzia sulla 
Cartolarizzazione delle Sofferenze) (the "GACS"). GACS VI comprised a portfolio (of mixed 
underlying assets, including both non-performing loans and lease agreements in default) of 
9,017 NPE positions relating to 5,696 borrowers with a gross book value of € 0.58 billion, and 
involved 71 banks including, inter alios, certain BCCs, CR di Asti, Banca di Credito Popolare 
and Banca Valsabbina. 
 
Activities in response to the COVID-19 Emergency  
As mentioned above, given the effects of COVID-19, the Group defined several actions both 
at Group and affiliated BCCs level to deal with effect of COVID-19 on credit portfolios 
including: (i) issuing operational circulars; (ii) setting-up a COVID-19 task force; (iii) issuing 
portfolio segmentation and credit strategic guidelines; (iv) developing more advanced 
monitoring systems and implementing a special tool to assess the potential reclassification of 
the loans to UTP; and (v) empowering credit control and approval processes, standards and IT 
resources. 
The Issuer has established a specific internal cross-functional COVID-19 Emergency task force 
with the goal of providing adequate mechanisms of coordination and ensuring harmonization 
in the interpretation of the various measures, and guidelines, issued by Italian, European and 
international authorities as well as the measures implemented throughout the Group. Since its 
establishment, the COVID-19 Emergency task force has constantly assessed the evolving 
circumstances and made the decisions that have been needed over time. 
Implementation of the Group's commercial and marketing strategies 
In 2021, the Group continued its efforts to enhance its banking model in support of local 
communities (which is typical of the BCCs), while maintaining a keen focus on the needs of 
the territory and on the satisfaction customers and shareholders. Within this context, the Issuer

--- Page 220 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 220 -
47-41037950 
 
has, together with its affiliated banks, consolidated the process of evolving and enhancing the 
current service model and branch network with a view to transitioning towards a model based 
on high-quality relationships.  
To this end, the following primary areas of development have been targeted: 
a) 
an offer based on high-value advisory services that call for experts with strong 
relationship skills dedicated to both private and business customers; 
b) 
a development of the branch model which enhances the automation of transaction 
services (including advanced ATMs, in-branch self-service kiosks, and "cash-light" 
branches) and invests in remote-banking technologies; 
c) 
strategically repositioning the Group as a key partner for SMEs; 
d) 
enhancing customer service capabilities through advanced customer-insight tools and 
models; 
e) 
the launch of a global, digital, multi-channel strategy. 
In order to support this evolution, and within the Transformation Plan, the Group has defined 
and launched the "Full Revenue Potential" programme with the goal of monitoring strategic 
projects that have a significant impact on the Group’s commercial performance, such as:  
a) 
a project of business development and specialization for the mutual banks, in line with 
the adoption of the new service models and revision of the distribution models, 
including development of the catalogue of products and services (especially in the areas 
of asset management, insurance and bancassurance, business lending and services, 
consumer credit, payment services, and ancillary services for individuals);  
b) 
he wealth management project, which seeks to develop advisory models and the role of 
a dedicated competency centre within the Issuer to ensure quality of the offering and 
the management of investments, funding, life insurance and other wealth management 
products. In this respect, a new front-end application available to assist mutual banks 
in their consulting efforts was released in April 2021;  
c) 
the Group's integrated system of customer relationship management (CRM) project, 
with the goal of ensuring greater efficacy in analysis by making use of a single digital 
platform available to all BCCs. In early 2021, the Issuer completed its development of 
the application and it began rolling it out to the affiliates banks in March 2021. This 
roll-out is expected to be completed in the second half of 2022; 
d) 
in the consumer finance segment, with the goal of further strengthening the role of the 
Group’s investment center within our proprietary asset management company by 
broadening its range of action and transitioning from product company to a hub for 
investment services.

--- Page 221 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 221 -
47-41037950 
 
Overview of business activities 
The Issuer's primary purpose is to support and strengthen the banking businesses of the BCCs 
through all forms of lending, the delivery of technical and financial assistance in accordance 
with the procedures set out in the relevant BCC's by-laws and through other initiatives aimed 
at facilitating the interests of the BCCs and pursuing the interest of the Group. 
The BCCs are local and rural banks that provide banking services in a defined and limited 
geographical area, and mainly to their shareholders.  
The corporate purpose of the Issuer also includes the collection of savings, lending in its 
various forms, purchase of trade receivables and factoring. The Issuer may carry out, subject 
to and in compliance with applicable banking regulations, financial transactions and services, 
as well as any transactions which may be instrumental to, or related to, the business of the 
Group. 
The Issuer may, subject to and in accordance with existing laws and regulations, issue bonds, 
hold equity interests in other companies (including majority interest holdings in companies 
which carry out business activities) provided that these contribute towards the fulfilment of the 
Issuer's corporate purpose. 
The Issuer prepares a regular management report, in accordance with a specific "data model", 
reporting on the results obtained by the individual business areas into which the Issuer's 
activities are subdivided. 
Business Areas 
The individual business areas of the Issuer are the following: 
1. 
Finance and Lending; 
2. 
Payment Systems; and 
3. 
Corporate Centre. 
These business areas are made up of an aggregation of units and business lines which have 
similar characteristics with regard to the type of products and services provided and regulatory 
requirements with which the Issuer needs to comply in conducting its business. 
The Finance and Lending area includes the Capital Market, Treasury, Structured Finance and 
Institutional Lending units, the Payment System segment comprises the Collections and 
Payments units and the institutional services and ICT functions are grouped under the 
Corporate Centre. 
Business Units   
The Issuer carries out certain activities on its own account and, at the same time, provides 
services to the BCCs in accordance with its corporate purpose.  
The Issuer’s individual business units can be summarised as follows:

--- Page 222 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 222 -
47-41037950 
 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer Area ("CFO Area" or "Finance Area"). This comprises Group 
Finance (Finanza di Gruppo), which is in turn divided into the following organisational 
units: 
a) Capital Markets Organisational Unit; 
b) Treasury Organisational Unit; 
c) Legal Finance & Advisory Organisational Unit; 
d) Financial Analyses and Solutions Organisational Unit; 
e) Financial Governance Organisational Unit.  
2. 
Credit and Subsidiaries Area, which comprises the Chief Lending Officer Area ("CLO 
Area")  
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area ("COO Area"). This comprises the Back Office, which 
in turn is divided into the following organisational units: 
a) Collection and Payments Organisational Unit; and  
b) Institutional Services Organisational Unit. 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area").  
Descriptions of Business Units and Organisational Units 
The following is a description of each business unit, summarising the scope of its activities 
together with, each organisational unit within such business unit. 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") Area and Group Finance  
The CFO Area ensures the proper management of the Group’s financial assets, recommending 
investment strategies and ensuring financial stability, managing its liquidity, funding, and 
related risks. The CFO ensures the implementation of such strategies, the proper, timely 
execution of separate and consolidated financial reporting, and the fulfillment of all accounting, 
tax and regulatory obligations.  
Group Finance works under the header of the CFO Area and is responsible for the management 
of the financial business of the Group, proposing investment strategies and guaranteeing the 
Group’s financial stability through liquidity/funding management and risk control. It also 
manages relations with investors and with rating agencies. 
This unit is subdivided as follows: 
Capital Markets 
The Capital Markets Organisational Unit operates on the financial markets and guarantees 
access to trading venues and over-the-counter markets. Within this context, it performs certain 
functions, including the following: 
a) 
manages the securities, trading and banking book portfolios of the Issuer and members 
of the Group that entrust the Issuer with the management of their securities portfolios;

--- Page 223 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 223 -
47-41037950 
 
b) 
operates as market maker for the main transactions subject to negotiation, and is 
responsible for the bidding processes for government and corporate securities; 
c) 
manages the interest rate risk of the Issuer and the Group, as well as the market and 
financial risks to which the various portfolios are subject to; 
d) 
coordinates the provision of investment services to the clientele (negotiations on the 
Issuer's own account, execution of orders on behalf of customers, and the placement, 
receipt and transmission of orders); 
e) 
structures financial products in accordance with the requirements of the Group and 
BCC clientele in line with the instructions received from the Treasury Organisational 
Unit ("Treasury"); 
f) 
provides support to Treasury, and supervises the medium to long term liability 
structuring operations for the Issuer on the debt capital markets; 
g) 
draws up reports and analyses of financial information on market trends and forecasts 
of the main macroeconomic aggregates;  
h) 
defines, on behalf of the Issuer, the banks belonging to the Group, as well as their 
policies and operating guidelines on market, financial and interest rate risks; and 
 i)       streamlines the execution of optimisation strategies concerning the consolidated risk 
profile in support of the Issuer's Balance Sheet Management Organisational Unit. 
Treasury 
The Treasury operates within the monetary, foreign exchange and precious metals markets to 
ensure the efficient implementation of the instructions received from the Group companies, the 
BCCs and other customers, monitors the short and medium to long term funding requirements 
and related risks (interest and exchange rates and liquidity) on behalf of the Issuer and the 
Group and ensures an optimum level of structural liquidity in normal business conditions and 
in stress and crisis situations.  
Within that context, it carries out certain activities including the following:  
a) 
the correct implementation and running of the monetary policy with the ECB, and the 
operations on the monetary and collateralised markets and short-term interest rate 
derivatives markets, with the management of the positions within the operating limits 
assigned;  
b) 
the management of the liquidity positions, with support for the units responsible for the 
origination of structured finance instruments (securitisation and covered bonds); 
c) 
the management of the interest rate risk to which the Issuer and the Group are subject, 
by means of market transactions and through modifications to the payable and receivable 
interest rate structures for the portfolios for which it is responsible; 
d) 
the management of the liquidity risk on behalf of the Issuer and the Group;

--- Page 224 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 224 -
47-41037950 
 
e) 
the coordination of negotiating services on its own account of interest-rate derivatives 
in foreign currency and foreign exchange derivatives; 
f) 
the management and development of the treasury processes linked to settlement systems 
(Target 2 and ancillary systems, T2S, CLS, BICOMP, EBA etc.), collateral and 
corresponding accounts, in order to guarantee and optimise the availability of cash and 
collateral at Issuer and group level;  
g) 
the definition of policies and operating guidelines on market, financial and interest rate 
risks on behalf of the Issuer and the Group; and 
h)   
the implementation of strategies for optimising the consolidated risk profile together 
with the Balance Sheet Management Organisational Unit belonging to the Financial 
Governance Organisational Unit. 
Legal Finance & Advisory 
The Legal Finance & Advisory Organisational Unit operates with the support of other relevant 
organisational units to carry out the activities necessary for the achievement of business 
objectives, such as: 
a) 
negotiating agreements, drafting offer documents, feasibility studies and legal opinions; 
b) 
dealing with preliminary procedures involving Italian and international supervisory 
bodies; 
c) 
advising the Issuer in structured finance transactions (securitisation of performing and 
non-performing loans and covered bond programmes); 
d) 
acting as arranger or co-arranger in new and ongoing activities (including being 
responsible for the operations relating to the assignment of non-performing loan 
portfolios); 
e) 
monitoring the regulations applicable to the operations of the Finance Area, in relation 
to which it recommends upgrading actions on the basis of its analysis of the impact of 
Italian and international regulations, acting in coordination with the compliance team; 
f) 
coordinating the drafting of legal, tax and accounting opinions on finance transactions, 
as and when these are required; 
g) 
supporting other Organisational Units in their interactions with official bodies, 
authorities, agencies and associations; 
h) 
enabling Organisational Units within the Finance Area to take part in the working parties 
set up by trade associations, acting in coordination with the Chief Compliance Officer 
Area;  
i) 
providing the Chief Compliance Officer Area with support for the presentation of 
amendments and/or additions to regulations subject to consultations or those that are in 
the process of implementation to the relevant authorities, either directly or through the 
trade associations; and

--- Page 225 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 225 -
47-41037950 
 
j) 
supporting the Organisational Units within the Finance Area with those regulatory 
formalities concerning investment services (such as the drafting of and annual checks 
on execution policies, and the drafting of reports). 
Financial Analyses and Solutions  
The Financial Analyses and Solutions Organisational Unit operates as a skills centre for the 
Issuer and the Group in relation to the design, development and maintenance of the 
mathematical and financial models used for fair value (mark to model) calculations, for both 
management and accounting purposes, for all the financial instruments (securities and 
derivatives) and receivables (subject to approval by credit risk management).  
The modelling and quantitative analysis operations carried out extend to the design and 
development of quantitative aspects linked to the issue of retail products and checks on the 
evidence produced by outside supplier calculation engines on IFRS 9– Financial Instruments 
related matters (SPPI and benchmark tests).  
This unit also provides the necessary functional support by participating in the development of 
projects and new initiatives of an applicational nature in respect of evolution-based activities 
carried out by the Organisational Units of the Finance Area, for which it defines the 
specifications, carries out the related analyses along with the relevant Organisational Units and 
ensures the planning and ongoing coordination of the operations between the Finance Area and 
ICT.  
It also sets up the front-office and position keeping systems (static and market data) and updates 
them on the basis of specific user requests in accordance with company policies (with particular 
reference to regulatory requirements and/or new regulations), carries out functional and patch 
testing and application upgrades (with the involvement of outside parties, where applicable), 
and provides support for the implementation of prototypes of the planned pricing models. 
Financial Governance  
The Financial Governance Organisational Unit carries out crosswise tasks with respect to the 
Group Finance Organisational Unit's operations and supports its manager in coordinating the 
activities performed by the operational units. 
Such unit provides a dynamic and integrated internal service relating to interest rates, liquidity, 
exchange rates, market and counterparty risks on a consolidated level, the overseeing of the 
correct functioning of the "internal liquidity market", and the monitoring and channelling of 
intra-group liquidity flows. 
The unit also: 
a) 
contributes, to the extent of its remit, to the defining and the updating of certain regulatory 
processes, including ICAAP, ILAAP, ECB/EBA supervisory stress test, Risk Appetite 
Framework (RAF) and the Recovery Plan;

--- Page 226 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 226 -
47-41037950 
 
b) contributes to the definition of strategic-operational proposals for the Group's compliance 
of any risk/return objectives and, on an individual level, for the Issuer and for the 
companies of the Group's direct perimeter; 
c) 
supports the Head of the Group Finance Organisational Unit in the governance activities 
and is responsible for those relating to first level control of operations, effectively 
monitoring their "management Profit&Loss" and carrying out other support activities 
(policies, budgets and projects); and 
d) performs tasks relating to the activities of the Group Finance Organisational Unit's budget 
and the coordination of projects. 
With reference to the "Balance Sheet Management" activities: 
a) it supports the Head of the Group Finance Organisational Unit in managing the Group's 
financial activities with a consolidated view, contributing to outlining investment 
strategies, liquidity and funding management and to controlling related risks, and 
providing, together with the department’s operating structures, for the definition of balance 
sheet optimisation strategies; 
b) it oversees and channels the initiatives to be implemented as a result of the monitoring of 
the exposure to financial risks on a consolidated and individual level and monitors their 
implementation; 
c) together with the other operating structures, it defines collateral optimisation strategies on 
a consolidated and individual level (for the Issuer and the companies of the direct 
perimeter), with a view to both the short and medium-long terms; 
d) it ensures the preparation of the Group Funding Plan (together with the Planning 
Department, the Finance operating structures and the other competent structures of the 
Issuer) to be submitted to the Finance Committee, and monitors implementation; 
e) it coordinates the definition, structuring and implementation of the Group’s Liquidity 
Transfer Pricing framework; and 
f) it is responsible for defining and updating the "management policies" in line with internal 
and external legal requirements, ensuring that other Group Finance (Finanza di Gruppo) 
departments are involved. 
With reference to the "Middle Office" activities: 
a) it ensures first-level second-instance controls of the operations carried out by the business 
units and verifies that they comply with the operating limits they have been assigned; 
b) it manages the pre-settlement validation processes (deal processing, interface with back-
office and accounting, contacts with market counterparties, etc.); 
c) it ensures maintenance of the Group position keeping; 
d) it prepares the "Daily P&L".

--- Page 227 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 227 -
47-41037950 
 
With reference to the "Internal liquidity market": 
a) it defines, and ensures the monitoring of, strategies for optimising the intra-group liquidity 
position, both from a current and a prospective point of view together with the Treasury; 
b) it works with the competent departments in defining the intra-group financial exposure 
limits.

--- Page 228 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 228 -
47-41037950 
 
Overview of the CFO Area and Group Finance 
 
 
 
Area Chief 
Financial Officer 
Pianificazione
e Controllo di 
Gestione
Pianificazione 
Strategica 
Pianificazione 
Op. Reporting e 
Consolidamento
Modelli, Pricing 
e Cost 
Allocation 
Pianificazione e 
CDG SPD 
Direttore 
Generale 
Finanza di 
Gruppo 
Coordinamento 
Progetti 
Finanza 
Liquidity & 
Collateral 
Management 
Money 
Market 
Tesoreria  
M/L termine 
Legal Finance 
Finanza  
Strutturata 
Modelli e 
Analisi 
Quantitativa 
Segreteria 
Tecnica Finanza
Strutturazione
Servicing 
Derivati 
Forex 
Mercato 
Primario 
Mercato 
Secondario 
Sales 
Gestioni 
Banche 
Affiliate 
Investimenti
Trading 
Market 
Making 
Middle Office 
Legal Finance & 
Advisory 
Tesoreria 
Mercati 
Investment 
Management 
Analisi e 
Soluzioni 
Finanziarie 
AMF
Capital Markets
Financial 
Governance 
Balance Sheet 
Management 
Intra-Group 
Liquidity 
Gestione e 
Monitoraggio
Controlli 
Banche 
Relazioni 
Autorità di 
Vigilanza 
Amministrazion
e e Bilancio 
Coordinamento 
Progetti 
Amm.ne e 
Bilancio 
Analytics, 
Monitoring & 
Reporting 
Politiche, 
Normativa e  
Principi
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Individuali SPD 
Contabilità 
Finanza, Estero 
e Crediti 
Institutional 
Contabilità 
Analitica SPD (ad 
esclusione di IBI)
Contabilità 
Analitica 
Accertamenti 
Bancari 
Contabilità 
settoriali 
Bilancio 
Contabilità 
Generale 
Segnalazioni 
Individuali 
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Capogruppo 
Contabilità e 
Bilancio 
Bilancio 
 Consolidato 
Segnalazioni 
Consolidate 
Armonizzate 
Bilancio e 
Segnalazioni 
Consolidati 
Contabilità 
Crediti 
Corporate 
Assistenza 
Fiscale BCC 
Fiscalità 
d’Impresa 
Consulenza e 
Contenzioso 
Fiscale
Tributario 
Gruppo IVA 
Compliance
 Fiscale 
Governo BCC 
Gestione 
Tecnica BCC 
Istruttorie e 
gestione 
interventi
Gestione 
Operazioni 
Straordin. e  
SdG 
GTGOV

--- Page 229 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 229 -
47-41037950 
 
2. 
Chief Lending Officer Area (the "CLO Area")  
The CLO Area, which is part of the Credit and Subsidiaries Area, is responsible for monitoring 
all aspects of loans on behalf of the Issuer and the Group, from the granting stage to the 
management of non-performing loans. It also: 
a) 
carries out the direction and coordinating activities with the BCCs; 
b) monitors credit quality, defines the loan policies and ensures their correct implementation; 
c) 
issues guidelines on the taking on and management of credit risks in line with the strategies 
and objectives defined (it also monitors the completion of credit and administrative 
formalities on non-performing portfolios); 
d) as a member of the Issuer's credit committee, provides assistance in drawing up credit 
opinions for the other members of the Group for transactions subject to high levels of risk; 
e) 
(acting through its organisational structures) validates the proposals for the conferral of 
and changes to the delegations of powers on loan-related matters in respect of the Issuer 
and the Group; 
f) 
(acting in cooperation with Human Resources in relation to the overall coordination and 
running of the Group training system) plans and carries out the training operations for its 
own area of specialisation and responsibility. 
It is also responsible for the coordination of IBI's Leasing Loans Unit (Crediti Leasing IBI) 
and, in this context: 
a) supervises and coordinates all stages in the loan process on behalf of the Group (granting, 
management, guarantee control, monitoring, classification, valuation and debt collection); 
b) ensures that the guidelines and instructions on loan-related matters are kept updated at all 
times, on behalf of the members of the Group; 
c) 
monitors and guides the planning processes for innovations or upgrades to the existing 
loan granting procedures; 
d) (acting in cooperation with the relevant CFO Area structures) coordinates the corrective 
actions required by the supervisory authorities, senior management bodies and company 
control functions on loan-related matters; 
e) 
provides support for the relevant CBO Area structures in the definition and development 
of loan products; 
f) 
contributes to the definition of the strategic plans on loan-related matters under the 
responsibility of the Planning and Management Control Unit, including NPEs; 
g) ensures the definition of the NPE Operational Plan, in line with the Group's strategic 
guidelines on the subject, with the support of the competent Parent Company functions for 
this activity, ensuring support to the Companies of the Direct Perimeter and Affiliated 
Banks (where necessary) in the operational implementation at individual level;

--- Page 230 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 230 -
47-41037950 
 
h) draws up and submits credit opinions on loan transactions in respect of the performing and 
non-performing portfolios on behalf of the members of the Group, or presents these to the 
Issuer's credit committee in accordance with the provisions and limits laid down in the 
relevant credit policies; 
i) 
resolves on loan transactions in line with the powers delegated to and conferred upon it; 
and 
j) 
ensures, in agreement with the head of the Unit the: 
 
sharing of the periodic planning of preliminary activities; 
 
periodic interaction on activities relating to the assessment of creditworthiness 
carried out by the instructors; 
 
definition of the objectives and performance of the instructors (in the context of 
human resource management policies); 
 
identification and selection, qualification and training/updating of instructors 
according to technical/professional profiles.

--- Page 231 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 231 -
47-41037950 
 
 
Overview of the Chief Lending Officer Area 
 
 
 
 
Area Chief 
Lending 
Officer  
Direttore  
Generale 
Credito  
Risolto 
BCC Ge.Cre. 
Area Attività 
Creditizie e 
Partecipate 
Partecipate 
Gestione 
Assicurazioni 
Istituzionali 
Affari Societari
Segreteria degli 
Organi e di 
Direzione 
Legale  
Consulenza 
Legale, 
Contenzioso e 
Reclami 
Contrattualistica
General 
Counsel 
Adempimenti 
Societari e 
Corp. 
Governance 
Group 
Sustainability 
& ESG 
Strategy 
Resp. 
Sustainab
ility 
Resp. 
DCNF 
IBI, Banca Sviluppo, 
MCFVG, BCC Cre.Co., 
BCC Factoring, BCC 
Lease 
Strategie e 
Politiche 
Creditizie 
Politiche del 
Credito 
Strategie 
Creditizie 
Segreteria Fidi e 
Perfezionamento
Contratti e 
Perfezionamento 
Finanziamenti 
Contr. e Perf.to 
Fin.ti 
Strutturati e 
Ristrutturazioni
Segreteria Fidi
Istruttoria 
Istruttoria 
Crediti 
Corporate e 
Retail 
Istruttoria 
Crediti 
Institutional 
Istruttori Area 
CBO, UO 
Istuttoria 
Leasing e UO 
Istruttoria Small 
Leasing IBI 
Credit 
Collateral 
Management 
Valutazione Beni 
IBI 
Crediti Leasing 
IBI 
Credito 
Deteriorato 
Credito 
Deteriorato IBI, 
Banca Sviluppo, 
Banca MCFVG 
Credit Opinion 
e Valutazione 
NPE Banche 
Affiliate 
Supervisione, 
Recupero e BO
Gestori 
non 
Perform
i
Precontenzioso
Monitoraggio, 
Classificazione 
e Valutazione 
Classificazione 
Valutazione 
Monitoraggio, 
Class. e 
Valutazione  
Banca MCFVG e 
Banca Sviluppo 
Monitoraggio 
Crediti e 
Reporting di 
Gruppo

--- Page 232 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 232 -
47-41037950 
 
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area ("COO Area") 
The COO Area comprises the Back Office, within which the Collection and Payments 
Organisational Unit and the Institutional Services Organisational Unit operate. These units are 
responsible for defining the strategies and the overall operating model of the Group’s 
operations, ensuring that they are managed efficiently by the other companies in the 
management and coordination perimeter. 
The Back Office Organisational Unit is responsible for ensuring the centralised governance of 
the Group back office activities, relating to collections and payments, post-trading of securities, 
the tax obligations related to the management of financial instruments and personnel 
administrative services and supervising the activities carried out by the subordinate 
Organisational Units. It also guarantees the definition of operating models to ensure efficiency 
and cost containment, and the management of back office development projects. 
The unit comprises: 
a) 
the Collection and Payments Organisational Unit; and 
b) the Institutional Services Organisational Unit. 
Collection and Payments Organisational Unit 
This unit is responsible for coordinating the supply of collection and payment services on the 
domestic and international circuits (including the clearing of cheques and drafts, electronic 
collection, SEPA credit transfers, and SEPA direct debits), it collaborates with the structures 
in charge for the provision of additional services (eg. instant payment services) on behalf of 
intermediate banks and branches, and for guaranteeing the correct completion of the formalities 
on regulatory custody and electronic billing, cash custody and management, cash and securities 
held directly or in administration, and bankers' drafts (reimbursement, issue, liquidation and 
related administrative formalities). 
It coordinates the analysis, evolution and planning of collection and payment services in 
accordance with the applicable regulation and in line with developments in European and 
international payment systems. For that purpose, it handles relations with ABI, the Bank of 
Italy, CBI, AgID, the European Payments Council, INPS and all the other interbank assemblies 
in which it is obliged to take part from time to time and manages payment system governance 
processes. 
In that context, it acts as an intermediary between the system adopted by the banks on whose 
behalf it acts and the bodies listed above, with a view to orienting the decisions taken on 
positions relating to company and group interests, and presents its positions during public 
consultation initiatives on the part of the Italian authorities and Club EUROPA (the European 
Banking Authority, European Commission, ECB, BIS, etc). 
It contributes to the analysis and drafting of reports on cost and revenue aggregates (drafting 
of budgets and final statements and segment trend studies), control operations (accounting 
checks on fees linked to the intermediary service, procedural testing), and support for

--- Page 233 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 233 -
47-41037950 
 
cooperative banks, customers and other organisational units (including opinions, drafting of 
circulars and news releases, relations with other group structures on commercial, applications 
and contractual aspects, taking part in training events on matters of interest to the cooperative 
banks). 
Acting in agreement with the relevant organisational units of the Issuer, it supervises the 
subordinate units, with particular reference to: 
 
the management of outsourcing agreements on the services for which it is responsible; 
 
the company regulations on money laundering and the financing of terrorism; and 
 
the coordination of the regulatory custody service, electronic billing and the administrative 
management of remote signatures. 
It carries out the payment management activities for the defined and approved projects falling 
within its area of responsibility, with a view to ensuring the successful outcome of the 
initiatives relating to its own business. For that purpose, it confers mandates upon its own 
personnel and those of the subordinate units to enable them to carry out the necessary 
formalities as laid down in the specific regulations. 
Institutional Services Organisational Unit 
The Institutional Services Organisational Unit manages the introduction of innovative 
techniques within group operations and is responsible for the coordination and development of 
the post-trading activities linked to the Finance Area, with particular reference to internal 
portfolio management, investment services and related activities supplied to customers under 
the terms of the Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the "TUF"). 
It is responsible for the tax formalities linked to the management of financial instruments, 
including those falling within the area of responsibility of the Qualified Intermediary 
Responsible Officer ("QI Responsible Officer"), in relation to which it performs certain 
functions including the following:  
a) 
coordination of the activities linked to the ancillary custody and administration of 
financial instruments' service under the terms of the TUF, as well as additional 
offsetting and settlement activities both internally and for the customers of the Bank 
(settlement agent services); 
b) 
internal and outside customer service activities, mainly relating to regulatory analyses 
and reporting on transactions in financial instruments and payment agent activities; 
c) 
coordination of the Finance Area ID records management (securities, issues, 
counterparties, customers, etc); and 
d) 
handling of the reference information and documentation on the former custodian bank 
activities, including the filing of such materials and storage for purposes of consultation 
and checking at the request of outside parties. 
Institutional Services consists of the three functions described below.

--- Page 234 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 234 -
47-41037950 
 
Clearing and Settlement Services 
Clearing and Settlement Services is responsible for the post-trading activities on securities, 
derivatives and treasury linked to the front office operations of the Finance Area (in respect of 
proprietary requirements and investment services or activities offered to customers). It carries 
out activities related to the financial instrument custody service and additional back office 
activities on behalf of bank customers for transactions carried out with outside counterparties 
(such as settlement agent activities). 
It is also responsible for setting up and/or reviewing guarantees with the Bank of Italy or the 
clearing systems with which the Issuer operates, in relation to the activities falling within its 
area of responsibility and in agreement with the relevant structures of the Issuer, maintaining 
administrative relations with the outside companies supplying clearing, custody and settlement 
services for financial instruments, and taking part in the Group’s working groups and in those 
of trade associations for its areas of expertise. 
Asset Services, Finance Records and Regulatory Reporting 
The Asset Services, Finance Registry and Regulatory Reporting Unit is responsible for, inter 
alia:  
a) 
the management and administration of financial instruments on behalf of the Group and 
its customers, the management of any Italian and foreign tax aspects and any related 
support activities under the responsibility of the QI Responsible Officer; and 
b) 
the performance of analysis and reporting on transactions concluded on financial 
instruments and any administrative requirements in connection with the listing of the 
bonds on HiMTF; and 
c) 
the management and maintenance of data distribution services (eg. personal data, prices, 
ratings) for both internal and external customers. 
 
This unit also  acts, inter alia, as an intermediary for fund orders and the related accounting 
entries (so-called Agent Bank service) and takes part in the Group’s working groups and in 
those of the trade associations for its areas of expertise.

--- Page 235 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 235 -
47-41037950 
 
 
Overview of the Institutional Services Organisational Unit 
 
 
 
Banca 
Digitale 
Sviluppo e 
diff.ne 
Piattaforme 
Digitali 
Divisione 
Digital 
Innovation & 
Multichannel
Contact 
Center e 
Banca 
Telefonica 
Direttore
Generale 
Area Chief 
Business 
Officer 
Coord.to 
monetica ed 
e-commerce
BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi, BCC
R&P, BCC Pay 
Divisione
Privati e POE
Divisione 
Impresa 
Finanziamenti 
Strutturati e 
Consulenza 
d’impresa 
Project 
Finance 
Acquisition 
Finance 
Public 
Finance 
Corporate 
Finance 
Advisory & 
Capital 
Market 
Gestore
Gestore
Gestore
Gestore 
Industry
Crediti 
Agrari 
Specia
lista 
Estero e 
Internazionaliz.ne
International 
Network e 
Monitorag. 
Estero 
Commercio 
Internazionale
Crediti doc.ri e 
garanzie 
internazionali
Agevolazioni
Specia
lista 
Service
Agevolazioni
Operativo 
Agevolazioni
Incentivi 
Statali e 
Comunitari
Turismo 
Correspondent 
Banking 
Referenti 
Transaction 
Banking 
Estero e 
Transaction 
Banking 
Presidio Retail
Area 
Territoriale 
Mercato 
Gestore 
BCC 
Istruttore
Supporto 
Centro 
Impresa 
UO 
Istruttoria 
Centro 
Impresa 
Presidio 
Consumer 
Finance 
Marketing 
Imprese 
Business 
Intelligence
Marketing, 
Business 
Intelligence e 
Coord.to 
Progetti 
Coordinamento 
Progetti Area 
CBO 
Marketing 
Customer 
Exp., Brand 
Identity e 
Eventi 
Digital 
Marketing
Marketing 
Institutional
Marketing 
operativo
Planning, 
Pricing & 
Control 
Pricing 
Pian. 
Comm.le e 
Svil. 
Territoriale
Modelli di 
Servizio BCC
Marketing 
Privati 
Wealth 
Management
WM -
Prodotti 
WM – Servizi 
Consulenza 
e MIFID 
Gestione 
Rete Private 
Bankers 
Supporto 
Commerciale
Supporto 
Commerciale 
e Marketing
Affari 
Istituzionali 
Gestione 
Fondi di 
Terzi 
Specia
lista 
Transaction 
Banking 
Advisory e 
Finanziamenti 
Estero 
Resp. 
UdR

--- Page 236 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 236 -
47-41037950 
 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area")  
The Chief Business Officer (CBO) Area is responsible for defining and implementing the 
Group's business strategy with the goal of supporting profitability, ensuring the ongoing 
development of the approach to the market, developing market positioning, and ensuring the 
strategic and operational support of the mutual banks.  
The area oversees the various business divisions (i.e. Retail, Corporate, Private Banking & 
Wealth Management) that are responsible for defining and implementing the Group's 
commercial policies, as well as the regional market areas that are responsible for supporting 
local operations of the business divisions in line with the general strategies of the area and of 
the Group.  
Moreover, the area manages the Group's press and institutional communications, and is 
responsible for coordinating the activities of BCC Risparmio & Previdenza SGR, BCC Pay 
S.p.A. and BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l..

--- Page 237 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 237 -
47-41037950 
 
 
Overview of the Chief Business Officer Area 
 
 
 
Banca Digitale
Sviluppo e 
diff.ne 
Piattaforme 
Digitali 
Divisione
Digital 
Innovation & 
Multichannel 
Contact 
Center e 
Banca 
Telefonica 
Direttore
Generale 
Area Chief 
Business 
Officer
Coord.to 
monetica ed 
e-commerce
BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi, BCC 
R&P, BCC Pay 
Divisione
Privati e POE 
Divisione 
Impresa 
Finanziamenti 
Strutturati e 
Consulenza 
d’impresa 
Project 
Finance 
Acquisition 
Finance 
Public 
Finance 
Corporate 
Finance 
Advisory & 
Capital 
Market 
Gestor
e
Gestor
e
Gestor
e 
Gestore 
Industry
Crediti Agrari
Specialista 
Agrario 
Estero e 
Internazionaliz.ne 
International 
Network e 
Monitorag. 
Estero 
Commercio 
Internazionale
Crediti doc.ri 
e garanzie 
internazionali
Agevolazioni
Speciali
sta 
Service
Agevolazioni
Operativo 
Agevolazioni
Incentivi 
Statali e 
Comunitari 
Turismo 
Correspondent 
Banking 
Referenti 
Transaction 
Banking 
Estero e 
Transaction 
Banking 
Presidio Retail
Area 
Territoriale 
Mercato 
Gestor
e BCC
Istrutt
ore 
Supporto 
Centro Impresa
UO Istruttoria 
Area CLO
Centro Impresa
Presidio 
Consumer 
Finance 
Marketing 
Imprese 
Business 
Intelligence 
Marketing, 
Business 
Intelligence e 
Coord.to Progetti
Coordinamento 
Progetti Area 
CBO 
Marketing 
Customer 
Exp., Brand 
Identity e 
Eventi 
Digital 
Marketing 
Marketing 
Institutional
Marketing 
operativo 
Planning, 
Pricing & 
Control 
Pricing 
Pian. Comm.le 
e Svil. 
Territoriale 
Modelli di 
Servizio BCC
Marketing 
Privati 
Wealth 
Management
WM - Prodotti
WM – Servizi 
Consulenza e 
MIFID 
Gestione Rete 
Private 
Bankers 
Supporto 
Commerciale
Supporto 
Commerciale 
e Marketing 
Affari 
Istituzionali 
Gestione 
Fondi di Terzi
Specialista 
Turismo 
Transaction 
Banking 
Advisory e 
Finanziamenti 
Estero 
Resp. 
UdR

--- Page 238 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 238 -
47-41037950 
 
Financial Information  
Deposits 
The Issuer's deposits primarily consist of interbank deposits. As at 31 December 2021, 
interbank deposits amounted to Euro 39,337 million with an increase of 4per cent. as at 30 June 
2021 (an increase of Euro 1,433 million); within the inter-bank deposits of this aggregate, 
cooperative banks and rural banks deposits increased by 9 per cent. (from Euro 16,075 million 
as at 30 June 2021 to Euro 17,460 million as at 31 December 2021) while other banks increased 
by 0.2 per cent. (from Euro 21,828 million as at 30 June 2021 to Euro 21,877 million as at 31 
December 2021).  
At December 2021, funding from ordinary customers increased of 5% (Euro 7,394 million 
compared to Euro 7,041 million as at 30 June 2021). 
The following tables show the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due to banks as at 31 
December 2021 and 30 June 2021: 
DUE TO BANKS 
As at 
31 December 
2021 
As at 
30 June 2021 
Change 
Change 
 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Cooperative banks and rural 
banks 
17,459,981
16,074,971
1,385,010
9%
Other Credit institution 
21,877,100
21,828,495
48,605
0.2%
TOTAL 
39,337,080
37,903,466
1,433,614
4%
 
 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS  
DUE TO BANKS 
As at  
31 December 2021
As at  
30 June 2021 
Change Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Due to central banks 
21,049,571
20,685,396 
364,175
2%
Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
3,896,383
3,821,570
74,813
2%
Fixed-term deposits 
13,531,501
12,695,044
836,457
7%
Loans 
687,050
696,875 (30,175)
(1)%
Other payables 
172,575
4,581 
167,994 3667%
Total amounts due to banks 
39,337,080
37,903,466 1,433,614
4%

--- Page 239 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 239 -
47-41037950 
 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due to customers as at 31 December 
2021 and 30 June 2021: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS  
DUE TO CUSTOMERS 
As at  
31 December 
2021 
As at  
30 June 2021 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current 
Accounts 
and 
demand deposits 
829,417
761,996 
67,421
9 %
Fixed-term deposits 
- 
-
-
Loans 
6,094,575
5,751,507
6,043,068 
6%
Leasing liabilities 
4,203
3,209
0,994
31 %
Other payables 
466,202
524,538 
(58,336) (11%)
Total amounts due to 
customers 
7,394,398
7,041,249
 353,149
445%
 
Lending activities 
The Issuer's lending activity is primarily with banks (demonstrated by the fact that as at 31 
December 2021, the aggregate of loans to banks was Euro 32,171 million, whereas, as at such 
date, the aggregate of loans to customers was Euro 16,800 million). Within the aggregate of 
amounts due from banks (Euro 30,681 million as at 30 June 2021), those due from cooperative 
banks and rural banks increased by 6 per cent. (from Euro 19,001million as at 30 June 2021 to 
Euro 20,104 million as at 31 December 2021) while the receivables from other credit 
institutions increased by 3per cent. (from Euro 11,679 million as at 30 June 2021 to Euro 
12,067 million as at 31 December 2021). 
The following table shows the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 
December 2021 and 30 June 2021: 
DUE FROM BANKS 
As at  
31 December 2021
As at  
30 June 2021 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
BCCs 
20,103,869
19,001,558 
1,102,311 
6 %
Other credit institutions 
12,067,530
11,679,645
387,885 
3 %
Total 
32,171,399
30,681,203 
1,490,196 
5%

--- Page 240 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 240 -
47-41037950 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 December 2021 
and 30 June 2021: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF AMOUNTS 
DUE 
FROM 
BANKS 
As at  
31 December 2021 
As at  
30 June 2021 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Due from Central 
Banks:  
- 
Obligatory 
Reserve 
6,710,286
6,441,488
268,798 
4%
Due from Banks 
25,461,113
24,239,715
1,221,398 
5%
Current accounts 
and 
demand 
deposits 
- -
685,890
(685,890)
(100 %)
- Time deposits 
386,712
69,779
316,933
454%
- Other 
23,814,578
22,956,277
858,301
4 %
- Debt securities 
1,211,306
511,608 -
699,698 137 %
Total Due from 
Banks 
32,171,399
30,681,203
1,490,196 
5 %
 
The following table shows the breakdown of loans to customers as at 31 December 2021 and 
30 June 2021: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF LOANS  
TO 
CUSTOMERS 
As at  
31 December 2021
As at  
30 June 2021 
Change 
Change
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current accounts 
234,053
193,589
40,464
21%
Medium/long-term 
loans 
2,566,541
2,635,387
(68,846)
(3%)
Repurchase 
agreements 
143,286
609,080 
(465,794) (76 %)
Other transactions 
2,977,544
2,694,639 
2,282,222 
10 %
Debt securities 
10,816,771
10,731,810 
84,961
1 %
Impaired assets 
62,625
119,754 
(57,129) (48%)

--- Page 241 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 241 -
47-41037950 
 
Total 
loans 
to 
customers 
16,800,326 
16,983,873
(183,547) 
(1 %)
 
Risks and related hedging policies 
The Issuer places particular emphasis on its risk protection and control systems. It aims to meet 
the highest standard of governance in performing its risk and control management functions 
and to apply well-established risk management practices. Risk management means striving to 
ensure that the Issuer uses its risk capacity in the most efficient way in relation to the 
achievement of a stable and sustainable generation of value, protecting financial solidity and 
allowing for adequate management of portfolios of assets and liabilities. 
In accordance with its role of group head company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea Cooperative 
Banking Group and focusing on its lending activity, the Issuer is specialised in: 
a) supporting the BCCs in the agricultural sector; 
b) developing relations with companies, within the BCCs areas, which have a strong 
international approach; 
c) being the main key centre for subsidised loans for the BCCs; 
d) funding the needs of the BCCs by, for example, granting overdrafts, ceilings and maximum 
operational limits; 
e) developing, with the cooperative community, loans pooled with the BCCs to the members 
of the Confcooperative organisation (the Confederation of Italian Cooperatives); and 
f) the expansion of business activity with large corporate entities, consistent with the 
development of relations between these companies, the BCCs and the payment and 
electronic money services offered by the Issuer. 
Credit Risk Management 
Monitoring 
In order to maintain the quality of its loan portfolio, the Issuer has a policy of careful evaluation 
of creditworthiness and the constant monitoring of its loan positions. 
Lending risk 
A centralised department establishes the procedures for evaluating the types of risks arising 
from each loan granted by the Issuer. The department also monitors the overall risk, verifies 
capital adequacy and evaluates the performance of lending activities in terms of risk/return. In 
addition, the process of debt recovery is supervised centrally and the debt recovery activities 
of the Issuer are coordinated. 
Bad Debts 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy's system of classification, the Issuer divides its loans into 
separate categories including, amongst others, (i) "substandard loans" for borrowers which are

--- Page 242 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 242 -
47-41037950 
 
experiencing financial or economic difficulties that are likely to be temporary ("inadempienze 
probabili") and (ii) "bad loans" for borrowers against whom insolvency or similar proceedings 
have been instituted ("sofferenze"). 
The Issuer's loan portfolio is monitored on regular basis to review the prospects of recovery 
and estimated losses and the Issuer makes specific provisions tied to the expected loss on each 
non-performing loan, problem loan or, if deemed necessary, on certain performing loans. 
As at 31 December 2021, the amount of net bad loans was Euro 22,024 thousand increasing 
from Euro 38,106  thousand as at 30 June 2021. 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's bad loans (sofferenze) as at 31 
December 2021 and 30 June 2021: 
BAD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2021 
As at 30 June 2021 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Gross bad loans 
110,613 
154,664 
Adjustments 
88,589 
116,558 
Net bad loans 
22,024  
38,106  
 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's substandard loans (deteriorate 
diverse da sofferenze) as at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2021: 
SUBSTANDARD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2021 
As at 30 June 2021 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Gross substandard loans 
159,351 
211,146 
Adjustments 
118,596 
129,282 
Net substandard loans 
40,754 
81,864 
 
As at 31 December 2021, net substandard loans amounted to Euro 40,754 thousand and the 
sum of net bad loans plus net substandard loans amounted to Euro 62,778 thousand. 
Funding 
The total amount of funds borrowed by the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 was Euro 3,748,638 
which represented an increase of Euro 458,882 compared to Euro 3,289,756 as at 30 June 2021. 
Capital Ratios 
The Issuer (as head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group) was required to 
meet, for 2020, the following capital ratios at consolidated level: (i) Total SREP Capital 
Requirement of 10.5% (including a minimum total capital requirement maintained on an 
ongoing basis, of 8%); (ii) an additional Pillar 2 own-funds requirement (to be held in the form

--- Page 243 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 243 -
47-41037950 
 
of CET 1 capital on an ongoing basis) of 2.5%; (iii) a total capital requirement (including a 
capital conservation buffer of 2.5%) of 13%, while no specific requirements are imposed on 
the individual level. 
The Issuer's capital ratios as at 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2021, which are set out in the 
table below, exceeded the minimum levels prescribed by the European Central Bank. 
CAPITAL RATIOS 
As at 31 December 2021 
As at 30 June 2021 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Tier I Capital 
1,674,759
1,641,259
Tier II Capital 
685,453
385,138
Elements to be deducted 
(3,873)
(3,93)
Total Capital 
2,356,339
2,022,468
Credit Risk 
444,098
538,639
Total risk exposure amount for 
credit valuation adjustment 
8,953
8,117
Market Risk 
34,918
24,727
Operation Risk 
65,564
52,494
Total requirements 
554,675
624,524
Risk weighted assets 
5,677,420
6,841,286
Tier I Ratio 
23.74%
19.99%
Total Capital Ratio 
33.45%
24.68%
 
Consolidated Balance Sheet and Income Statement  
The following tables contain respectively: 
a) 
Audited consolidated financial information as at 31 December 2021 related to the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group; 
b) 
Consolidated financial information as at 30 June 2021 related to the Iccrea Cooperative 
Banking Group; 
c) 
Audited consolidated financial information as at 31 December 2020 related to the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group;

--- Page 244 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 244 -
47-41037950 
 
Balance Sheet 
ASSETS 
TOTAL as at 
31 
December 
2021 for the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 
30 June 2021 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 
31 
December 
2020 for the 
Group 
(EURO) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
1,674,568
945,211 
992,575
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through profit or loss  
1,728,764
1,825,453 
1,892,207
a)   financial assets held for trading  
168,649
238,365 
270,538
b)   financial assets measured at fair 
value 
275,467
315,249 
345,094
c) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
1,284,648
1,271,839 
1,276,575
Financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income  
7,850,471
7,838,791 
7,870,200
Financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost 
159,230,200
156,362,386 
151,183,057
a) Due from banks  
10,185,851
9,589,739 
7,215,898
b) Due from customers  
149,044,349
146,772,647 
143,967,159
Hedging derivatives  
42,960
4,074 
11,876
Value adjustment of financial assets 
hedged generically (+/-)  
63,660
128,125 
222,493
Equity Investments 
128,524
117,388 
114,502
Property, plant and equipment  
2,646,457
2,691,733 
2,741,691
Intangible assets  
174,127
159,932 
168,844
- goodwill 
21,212
23,022 
23,030
Tax assets  
1,901,863
1,960,218 
2,119,045
a)   current 
468,304
419,136 
489,246
b)   deferred 
1,433,559
1,541,082 
1,629,799
Non-current assets and disposal 
groups held for sale  
219,563
17,040 
18,368

--- Page 245 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 245 -
47-41037950 
 
Other assets  
3,324,225
2,526,777 
1,933,255
TOTAL ASSETS  
178,985,382
174,577,128 
169,268,115
 
LIABILITIES 
TOTAL as at 
31 
December 
2021 for the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 
30 June 2021 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2020 for 
the Group (EURO) 
Financial liabilities measured at 
amortised cost  
163,327,889
157,455,386 
154,229,489
a) Due to banks  
34,585,361
34,668,846 
32,114,297
b) Due to customers  
117,436,048
110,811,031 
108,396,697
Securities issued 
11,306,480
11,975,509 
13,718,495
Financial liabilities held for 
trading  
129,475
206,929 
243,808
Financial liabilities measured at 
fair value  
256
676 
3,117
Hedging derivatives  
495,268
364,568 
514,743
Value adjustment of financial 
liabilities hedged generically 
(+/-) 
(187) 
(922) 
(1,672)
Tax liabilities 
44,173
56,424 
101,216
a)   current 
8,124
14,270 
3,495
b)   deferred 
36,049
42,154 
97,721
Liabilities 
associated 
with 
assets held for sale 
182,098
-
Other liabilities  
3,315,338
5,053,933 
3,018,072
Employee termination benefits 
277,528
275,806 
295,178
Provisions for risks and charges
518,641
493,579 
528,107
a) 
 
 
commitments 
and 
guarantees issued  
293,183
243,942 
232,346
c)   other provisions for risk and 
charges 
225,458
249,637 
295,761

--- Page 246 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 246 -
47-41037950 
 
Valuation reserves  
218,665
246,512 
253,301
Equity instruments  
30,139
30,139 
30,139
Reserves  
8,735,189
8,738,569 
8,575,538
Share premiums reserves 
148,345
146,043 
150,256
Share capital  
2,302,817
2,305,267 
2,307,331
Treasury shares (-)  
(1,263,218) 
(1,261,450) 
(1,247,818)
Non-controlling interests (+/-) 
66,201
65,366 
71,517
Net profit (loss) for the period 
(+/-) 
456,765
400,303 
195,793
TOTAL LIABILITIES  
178,985,382
174,577,128 
169,268,115
 
Income Statement 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 
31 
December 
2021 for the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 
30 June 2021 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 
31 
December 
2020 for the 
Group 
(EURO) 
Interest and similar income  
3,164,153
1,574,362
2,999,512
Interest and similar expenses  
(403,422) 
(205,899) 
(478,391)
Net interest income  
2,760,731
1,368,463
2,521,121
Fee and commission income 
1,462,949
721,372
1,396,658
Fee and commission expense 
(176,809) 
(65,101) 
(134,698)
Net fee and commission income 
(expense) 
1,286,140
656,271
1,261,960
Dividends and similar income  
14,210
12,061
6,339
Net gain (loss) on trading activities 
19,121
12,683
24,242
Net gain (loss) on hedging activities
13,394 
5,673 
(3,278)
Net gain (loss) on the disposal or 
repurchase of: 
429,214
286,873
264,627
a) financial assets measured at 
amortised cost  
352,871
238,533
169,853

--- Page 247 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 247 -
47-41037950 
 
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
80,313
48,554
95,115
c) financial liabilities 
(3,969) 
(214)
(341)
Net gain (loss) of other financial 
assets and liabilities measured at 
fair value through profit or loss 
10,670 
5,246 
(1,350)
a) financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value 
(5,182)
(2,902) 
1,316
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
15,852 
8,148 
(2,666)
Gross income 
4,533,481
2,347,269
     4,073,661  
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk 
in respect of: 
(1,191,719) 
(389,795) 
(837,532)
a) financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
(1,186,182) 
(388,267) 
(831,806)
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
(5,537) 
(1,528) 
(5,727)
Gains/losses 
from 
contractual 
modifications 
without 
derecognition 
(1,969) 
(867) 
(3,197)
Net income (loss) from financial 
operations 
3,339,793
1,956,608
3,232,931
Net income (loss) from financial 
and insurance operations 
3,339,793
1,956,608
3,232,931
Administrative expenses:  
(2,918,219) 
(1,546,804) 
(2,987,996)
a) personnel expenses  
(1,706,299) 
(853,678) 
(1,729,164)
b) other administrative expenses  
(1,211,920) 
(693,126) 
(1,258,832)
Net provisions for risks and charges
(73,325) 
(18,941) 
(88,807)
a) commitments and guarantees 
issued  
(63,734) 
(11,794) 
(29,833)
b) other net provisions  
 
(9,590) 
(7,147) 
(58,973)

--- Page 248 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 248 -
47-41037950 
 
Net adjustments of property, plant 
and equipment 
(191,508) 
(92,031) 
(198,835)
Net adjustments of intangible assets 
(41,883) 
(19,683) 
(31,890)
Other operating expenses/income 
321,578
157,287
328,010
Operating costs  
(2,903,356) 
(1,520,172) 
(2,979,517)
Profit 
(loss) 
from 
equity 
investments 
19,264 
20,475
(7,742)
Net gain (loss) from valuation at fair 
value 
of 
property, 
plant 
and 
equipment and intangible assets 
(15,836) 
(7,915) 
(40,118)
Goodwill impairment 
(1,810) 
- 
(2,842)
Profit (loss) from disposal of 
investments 
85 
55 
(634)
Income (loss) from continuing 
operations, before taxes  
438,139
449,051
202,077
Income taxes for the period relating 
to continuing operations  
(2,339)
(44,065) 
242
Profit (loss) after tax on continuing 
operations 
435,801
404,985
202,320
Profit 
(loss) 
after 
tax 
on 
discontinued operations 
24,770
-
-
Net profit (loss) for the period 
460,571
404,985
202,320
Net profit (loss) for the period – 
non-controlling interests 
3,806
4,682
6,527
Net profit (loss) for the period – 
shareholders of the Issuer 
456,765
400,303 
195,793
 
As regards consolidated own funds and capital adequacy, at 31 December 2021 the CET1 ratio 
came to 17.7% with a capital equal to Euro 11,3 billion and the TC ratio came to 18.9%, with 
a capital equal to Euro 12 billion.  
As at 30 June 2021, the CET1 ratio came to 16.5% with a capital equal to Euro 10,9 billion and 
the TC ratio came to 17.2%, with a capital equal to Euro 11,3 billion, while, as at 31 December 
2020, the CET1 ratio came to 16.7% with a capital equal to Euro 11 billion and the TC ratio 
came to 17.5%, with a capital equal to Euro 11,5 billion. 
As regards RWA values of the Group, these were equal to: Euro 63,7 billion as at 31 December

--- Page 249 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 249 -
47-41037950 
 
2021, Euro 65,9 billion as at 30 June 2021 and Euro 65,9 billion at 31 December 2020. 
The Group’s business model aims for full territorial coverage with an extensive client base 
over the long term. As at December 2021, the amount of gross loans to customers was Euro 
93,9 billion (while the net amount was equal to Euro 88,8 billion) of which approximately 
86.5% comprised loans granted to individuals (Euro 34,9 billion) and SMEs (Euro 46,4 billion) 
which represent, respectively, 37% and the 49% of the total loans granted. Accordingly, such 
breakdown of loans by counterparty type bears out the business model of the affiliated BCCs. 
 
The Group’s financial investments amount to approximately Euro 70,8 billion, of which 86% 
is allocated to the portfolio valued at amortised cost (Hold to Collect - HTC business model) 
in line with the traditional business model that characterises the BCCs, aimed at benefiting 
from the coupon yield and at not exposing own funds to volatility risks.  
With regards to capital requirements, the Group's capital position at December 2021 was above 
the SREP requirements in force from 1 January 2020.  
 
  
Capital buffer (phased-in)  -%
CET1 r (4,5%)
T1 r (6%)
TC r (8%)
8%
10.5% 
13.0% 
18.9% 
Minimum requirement
Minimum SREP 
requirement
Capital buffer 5.9%
Capital buffer 8.4%
2020 GBCI capital position 
resulted 
highly 
above 
capital requirements, also 
in 
relation 
to 
SREP 
requirements in force from 
1
st January 2020  
Own Funds
minimum 
requirements 
Pillar 2
Requirements 
Total SREP
Capital 
requirements
for 2020 
Capital
Conservation
Buffer 
Overall
Capital 
requirement 
2021
2.00% 
1.50% 
4.50%
2.00%
1.50% 
7.00% 
2.00% 
1.50% 
9.50%
17.7% 
0.05%
1.14% 
2.50%
2.50% 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) 
Items AT1 eligible 
Items T2 eligible 
CET1 ratio 
Total Capital ratio

--- Page 250 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 250 -
47-41037950 
 
 
Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group successfully passed the ECB's comprehensive assessment 
In the first half of 2021, the ECB completed its comprehensive assessment of the Group. The 
outcome of this process, issued in July 2021, found the Group’s capital levels to be above the 
minimum thresholds with no capital gaps, even in the following particularly conservative 
scenarios: 
 
Group CET1 ratio equal to 12.3% in the "baseline" scenario above the minimum solvency 
threshold of 8%; 
 
Group CET1 ratio of 5.7% in an "adverse" scenario above the minimum solvency 
threshold of 5.5%. 
The ECB also conducted an assessment that confirmed the Group’s capital position without 
pointing to any critical issues, acknowledging the progress made by the Group in defining its 
risk management processes. 
On 16 December 2021, following the completion of the above mentioned assessments, the ECB 
issued a letter authorising the Group to apply the waiver pursuant to Article 113(6) of the CRR, 
under which the Group’s fully consolidated banks, financial companies, and other special-
purpose companies can assign a risk weighting of 0% to intercompany exposures, other than 
those that involve instruments of tier-1 capital, additional tier-1 instruments, or tier-2 
instruments. These waivers will further increase the capacity for the Group to expand. 
Further details on the outcome of the ECB's comprehensive assessment may be found on the 
Issuer's website. 
Organisational Structure  
The members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of Auditors of the 
Issuer as of the date of this Base Prospectus are listed hereunder, together with details of their 
positions and any principal activities carried out in other companies where these may overlap 
with the office held in the context of the Issuer: 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is composed of fifteen members, including the Chairman 
appointed at the Shareholders' Meeting and a Vice Chairman with duties as a Substitute 
(Vicario) appointed by the Board of Directors recommended by the Chairman. 
The extraordinary meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June  2022, renewed the members of the 
Board of Directors for the 2022-2024 financial years. They will remain in place until the 
shareholders' meeting called to approve the financial statements 2024.

--- Page 251 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 251 -
47-41037950 
 
The members of the Board of Directors in office at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus 
and the list of the main activities performed by them outside of the Issuer, which are significant 
in respect to the Issuer, are indicated in the following table: 
Name 
Responsibilities within 
the Issuer   
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Maino Giuseppe 
Chairman 
(Presidente) 
Chairman of Banca di Milano CC;  
Chairman of BCC Solutions S.p.A.;  
Vice Chairman of Federazione Lombarda 
BCC S.C.;  
Director 
of 
Federcasse-Federazione 
Italiana BCC/CRA, BCC Pay S.p.A, Tertio 
Millennio ETS, Fondazione Oltre Onlus; 
and 
Director and  Executive Commettee 
member ABI. 
 
Stra Pierpaolo 
Vice 
Chairman 
with 
vicarious functions 
(Vice Presidente Vicario)
Vice Chairman and Executive Committee 
Chairman of Banca d’Alba, Langhe e 
Roero e del Canavese S.C. ; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of, Telenergia S.R.L., Tecnoedil 
S.p.A., Valenza Rete Gas S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Agecontrol S.p.A., Alta Langhe 
Servizi S.p.A., Carmagnola Energia S.r.l., 
Egea Commerciale S.r.l., Langhe Roero 
Leader Soc. Cons. a r.l., Mollo S.r.l., S.E.P. 
S.p.A, Tanaro Power S.r.l., Valbormida 
Energia S.p.A., Open dot com S.p.A.; 
Fiordelisi Teresa 
Vice Chairman  
(Vice Presidente) 
Chairman of BCC Basilicata  
Director 
of 
Federcasse-Federazione 
Italiana BCC/CRA, Federazione BCC 
Puglia e Basilicata S.C..  
Alfieri Lucio 
Director 
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC di Buccino e dei Comuni 
Cilentani s.c.;  
Director of Federazione Campania e 
Calabria;

--- Page 252 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 252 -
47-41037950 
 
Sole Director  of A&M Immobiliare S.R.L. 
and M&A S.R.L.. 
Benabdallah Nadia Director and Executive 
Commettee member 
(Consigliere 
e 
Componenete 
Comitato 
Esecutivo)  
Carri Francesco 
Director and Executive 
Commettee Chairman 
(Consigliere e Presidente 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana 
e di Maremma Credito Cooperativo 
S.C.(Banca Tema) and BCC PAY S.p.A.; 
Director of Federazione Toscana BCC 
S.c.r.l., Tertio Millennio ETS, ABI; and 
Auditor of IBF Servizi S.p.A.. 
Leone Paola 
Independent Director  
(Consigliere 
Indipendente ) 
Gambi Giuseppe 
Director  
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of C.C. Ravennate, Forlivese e 
Imolese S.C.;  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of Gemos SC,  
Auditor: Valfrutta Fresco S.p.A., Alegra 
Soc. coop., Aurel S.p.A., Conserve Italia 
Soc. Coop., Fondo Mutualistico per la 
promozione 
e 
lo 
sviluppo 
della 
Cooperazione; and 
Auditor of : Confcooperative - Unione 
territoriale 
della 
Romagna,  
Confcooperative 
- 
Confederazione 
Cooperative Italiane. 
Longhi Maurizio 
Director and Executive 
Commettee Member 
(Consigliere 
e 
Componente 
del 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman  of BCC di Roma S.C., ., ; Banca 
per lo Sviluppo della Cooperazione di 
Credito S.p.A., Sinergia S.p.A.; CRAMAS 
Società di Mutuo Soccorso; and 
Director of Camera di Commercio di 
Roma, Fondazione Enzo Badioli.  
Menegatti Luigi 
Indipendent Director  
Chairman of Itas Pay S.p.A.

--- Page 253 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 253 -
47-41037950 
 
(Consigliere 
Indipendente) 
Director of Fondazione di Storia Onlus, 
Associazione Monte Tabor; and 
Auditor of Geo & Tex 2000 S.p.A.. 
Ottoboni Roberto 
Director and Executive 
Commettee Member 
(Consiglieree 
Componente 
del 
Comitato Esecutivo ) 
Chairman of Bcc dell’Oglio e del Serio; 
Vice Chairman with vicarious functions of  
Federazione Lombarda delle BCC; and 
Vice Chairman of Fondazione EMIT 
Feltrinelli. 
Petrini Paola 
Director  
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Ostra e Morro d’Alba; 
Auditor of  Federazione Marchigiana BCC, 
Cassa Mutua Nazionale BCC; and 
Director of Associazione Idee Donne del 
Credito Cooperativo.  
Piva Flavio 
Director and Executive 
Commettee Member 
(Consigliere 
e 
Componente 
del 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Banca di Verona e Vicenza 
C.C., Federazione Veneta delle BCC SC; 
and 
Director of BCC Solutions, Federcasse-
Federazione 
Italiana 
CRA-BCC; 
Aeroporto V. Catullo di Verona Villafranca 
S.p.A., Fondazione Arena di Verona. 
Rimoldi Enrica 
Independent Director  
(Consigliere 
Indipendente) 
Auditor of DeA Capital S.p.A., Cordusio 
SIM S.p.A.;  
Director of INSEAD Alumni Association 
of Italy; and 
Supervisory Board and Remuneration 
Committee and Nomination Committee 
member of  UniCredit Banka Slovenia d.d.
Zoni Laura  
Independent Director  
(Consigliere 
Indipendente)

--- Page 254 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 254 -
47-41037950 
 
All members of the Board of Directors are in possession of the requisites of professionalism, 
integrity and independence provided for by the legal and regulatory provisions and, for the 
purposes of their office, are domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is made up of the Managing Director and two Vice Chairman. The 
Managing Director was appointed on 17 June 2019 and the Vice Managing Directors were 
appointed by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 16 January 2020. On 9 October 2020 Mr. 
Francesco Romito was appointed as Vice Managing Director with vicarious functions in 
substitution of Mr. Giovanni Boccuzzi. 
The following table comprises a list of the members of the Management Board and the main 
activities performed by them outside of the Issuer, which are significant in respect to the Issuer, 
on the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Responsibilities 
within the Issuer 
Principal activity outside Iccrea Banca 
S.pA. 
Mauro Pastore  
Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) 
Chairman of BCC Sistemi Informatici; and 
Director of Comitato Gestione Fondo 
Temporaneo C.C., ABI.   
Francesco Romito 
Deputy 
General 
Manager with vicarious 
functions 
(Vicedirettore Generale 
Vicario) 
 
Pietro Galbiati  
Deputy 
General 
Manager 
(Vicedirettore 
Generale) 
Vice Chairman with vicarious functions of 
BCC Sistemi Informatici;  
Vice Chairman with vicarious functions of 
Sinergia S.p.A.; and 
Director of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l., 
BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A., BCC Pay 
Holding S.p.A., Pitagora S.p.A.. 
 
All members of the Management Board of the Issuer are, for the purposes of the office held, 
domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer is composed of three auditors and two substitute 
auditors, appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting which, among them, appoints the Chairman. 
The ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June 2022, renewed the members

--- Page 255 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 255 -
47-41037950 
 
of the Board of Statutory Auditors for the years 2022-2024. Starting from 23 April 2013, the 
Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer has assumed the role of Supervisory Body (organismo 
di vigilanza) for the purposes of Legislative Decree 231/01. 
The following table comprise a list of the members of the Issuer's Board of Statutory Auditors 
and the main activities performed by them outside the Issuer, as significant having regard to 
the Issuer at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Responsibilities 
within 
the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Zanardi Barbara  
Chairman (Presidente) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of BCC Lease S.p.A., Hawort Italy Holding 
S.r.l., Soc. Benefit Gemelli Medical Center 
S.p.A., Cap Design S.p.A.;  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Utilitalia;  
Director of Avvenire S.p.A., Techshop SGR 
S.p.A.;  
Auditor of Gemelli Casa S.p.A., Federcalcio 
Servizi S.r.l., Cassina S.p.A., Poltrona Frau 
S.p.A., Rai Way S.p.A., Cooperativa San 
Martino Scarl;  
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of
Fondo Pegaso; and 
Auditor of Università Cattolica del Sacro 
Cuore.  
Andriolo Riccardo 
 
Auditor 
(Sindaco 
effettivo) 
Auditor of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l.; 
Auditor of BCC Risparmio e Previdenza 
SGRpA,  Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A; 
and 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Alpes S.r.l., Clessidra Private Equity SGR 
S.p.A., Kervis SGR S.p.A.. 
 Capuano Claudia 
Auditor 
(Sindaco 
effettivo) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of Financit S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Acea S.p.A.; and  
, Iniziative Commerciali S.r.l..

--- Page 256 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 256 -
47-41037950 
 
Rocchetti Vittorio  Substitute 
auditor 
(Sindaco supplente) 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Azimut Capital Management Sgr S.p.A.; 
Auditor of Azimut Financial Insurance 
S.p.A., Fos S.p.A., Ligurcapital S.p.A.; and 
Director of Alfio Bardolla Training Group 
S.p.A..    
Cignolini Michela  Substitute 
auditor 
(Sindaco supplente) 
Auditor of Adacta Advisory S.p.A.; 
Director of Pronet S.r.l.; and Chairman of the 
Supervisory Body of Blue Energy Group 
S.p.A., CGI Holding S.r.l., Gas Sales S.r.l.. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Management Board and the Board of Statutory 
Auditors are all domiciled for the purpose of their appointment at the registered office of the 
Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome. 
Conflicts of Interest  
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private 
interests or other duties.  
However, certain members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of 
Statutory Auditors of the Issuer hold identical offices in other companies (as described in the 
tables above), and this situation, together with other circumstances which may arise from time 
to time, may lead to conflicts of interest. Where such conflicts arise, the Issuer has in place 
procedures to manage the situation in accordance with applicable laws. More specifically, the 
Issuer manages conflicts of interest in accordance with article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code 
and article 136 of the Consolidated Consolidated Banking Act. 
Financial Statements 
The Issuer prepares consolidated and separate annual financial statements and interim financial 
statements and, as the head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo 
Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea), prepares the consolidated financial statements. 
Auditors 
The Issuer's separate annual financial statements as at 31 December 2020 and the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2020 incorporated by 
reference herein have been audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally 
accepted standards in the Republic of Italy, by Ernst & Young S.p.A. The audit reports of Ernst 
& Young S.p.A. are available to the public and incorporated by reference herein. 
The Issuer's separate annual financial statements as at 31 December 2021 and the annual 
consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021 together with the

--- Page 257 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 257 -
47-41037950 
 
Issuer’s unaudited financial statements and the unaudited consolidated financial statements of 
the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2021 incorporated by reference 
herein have been audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally accepted 
standards in the Republic of Italy, by Mazars Italia S.p.A. 
Ernst & Young S.p.A. is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of 
the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors 
Association. The business address of Ernst & Young S.p.A. is Via Lombardia, 31 – 00187 
Rome, Italy. The shareholders meeting of 30 April 2019 appointed Ernst & Young S.p.A. as 
auditor for the years 2019-2020.  
Ernst & Young S.p.A.’s appointment has expired with the audit of the Issuer's annual separate 
and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2020. At the Issuer’s annual general 
meeting held in 28 May 2021, the Issuer appointed Mazars Italia S.p.A as independent auditor 
for the years 2021-2029. 
Mazars Italia S.p.A ("Mazars") is an independent registered public accounting firm and a 
member of the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian 
Auditors Association. The business address of Mazars Italia S.p.A is Via Ceresio, 7, 20154 
Milan. The first financial statements to be subject to limited review by Mazars were those as 
at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2021. 
Values and Sustainable Development Goals  
The Group aims to include several of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the 
United Nations in 2015 as part of the Group's business objectives. It encourages sustainable, 
fair and responsible economic development in Italy by providing financial support to 
entrepreneurs and small businesses. The concept of sustainability is part of the DNA and a core 
value of the BCC; article 2 of the by-laws of the BCC and the so-called "Charter of Values" 
(Carta dei Valori) of the BCC show that it is central to its principles, values and growth in 
terms of market and business for cooperative credit. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is involved in certain administrative, legal 
and arbitration proceedings relating to its ordinary business activities. 
Although the outcome of these proceedings is difficult to forecast, the Issuer does not believe 
that they will have a significant effect on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer or 
the Group. 
In any case, based on an assessment of the possible risk of these litigations, the Issuer has made 
a provision to the Risks and Charges account (Item 100 c. of the balance sheet as at 31 
December 2021, as can be found on pages 50 and 533 of the the audited consolidated and 
separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2021, which are in turn incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) for the amount of 
Euro 42,121,000.

--- Page 258 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 258 -
47-41037950 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which 
changes could be made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be 
a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision 
to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the 
tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes 
are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax consequences of their 
ownership of the Notes. 
Republic of Italy 
1. 
Tax treatment of Notes which qualify as "obbligazioni" (bonds) or "titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni" (securities similar to bonds) 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") sets out the applicable 
regime regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively 
referred to as "Interest") from notes falling within the category of bonds ("obbligazioni") or 
securities similar to bonds ("titoli similari alle obbligazioni") issued, inter alia, by Italian 
banks. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and 
that do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer 
or of the business in relation to which they are issued nor any type of control on the 
management. 
1.1 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected (unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see 
under "Capital gains tax" below); 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership; 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding 
period, are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate 
of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged 
in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies 
as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security

--- Page 259 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 259 -
47-41037950 
 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant 
Noteholder's income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder), also to IRAP (the 
regional tax on productive activities). 
Under the regime provided by law-decree No. 351 of September 25, 2001 converted into law 
with amendments by law No. 410 of November 23, 2001, as clarified by the Agenzia delle 
Entrate through Circular No. 47/E of August 8, 2003, payments of interests in respect of the 
Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to article 37 of 
Legislative Decree 24 February 1998, No. 58 and article 14-bis of Law 1 January 1994, No. 
86, are not subject to imposta sostitutiva. The taxation of the real estate fund has been 
repeatedly amended by Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010 as converted, with amendments, 
into Law No. 122 of 30 July 2010 and by Law Decree No. 70 of 13 May 2011 as converted, 
with amendments, into Law No. 160 of 12 July 2011. Such new legislations have not affected 
the taxation of the Notes as described above. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund subject 
to the tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983 (the "Fund"), a SICAV or a 
SICAF and the Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the 
holding period on the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in 
the management results of the Fund accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund, the SICAV 
or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, 
will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are 
deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the 
holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of 
the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. 
substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) 
and limitations, Interest may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute 
tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set 
forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, SIMs, fiduciary companies, 
SGRs, stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each 
an "Intermediary"). 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in the Republic of Italy or be a permanent establishment 
in the Republic of Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary, and (b) intervene, in

--- Page 260 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 260 -
47-41037950 
 
any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, 
either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant 
Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and 
withheld by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, 
by the issuer. 
1.2 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta 
sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial owner is: 
(a) 
resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of 
information with the Republic of Italy (the "White List States") as listed, pursuant to 
Article 11, paragraph 4, of Decree 239, in the Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, 
as amended from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, the Ministry of Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual 
compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange of information 
obligation and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative 
countries; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in the Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a 
country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of 
Italy. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must be the 
beneficial owners of the payments of Interest and must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a 
non-Italian resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities 
management system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy 
and Finance; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, 
a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, 
in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies 
or entities set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into 
force in the Republic of Italy nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which

--- Page 261 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 261 -
47-41037950 
 
manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. to Interest paid to 
Noteholders who do not qualify for the exemption. 
However, Noteholders who are subject to the substitute tax might be eligible for a total or 
partial relief under any applicable tax treaty. 
2. 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes not having 100 per cent. capital protection 
guaranteed by the Issuer 
In case Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value 
(whether or not providing for interim payments) and/or they give any right to directly or 
indirectly participate in the management of the relevant issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued and/or any type of control on the management, Interest in respect of such 
Notes may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26% pursuant to Law Decree 
No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity 
pursuant to article 5 of TUIR (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership 
and similar entities), (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian 
commercial partnership or (e) an Italian commercial private or public institution, such 
withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax; in all other cases, including when the 
Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian 
resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 
103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta 
sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are 
included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo 
termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any. 
3. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the 
taxable income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, 
also as part of the net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian 
company, a similar commercial entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign 
entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity 
to which the Notes are connected, any capital gain realised from the sale or redemption of the

--- Page 262 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 262 -
47-41037950 
 
Notes would be subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders 
may set off any losses with their gains. 
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva on capital gains, taxpayers may opt for one 
of the three regimes described below: 
(a) 
Under the "tax declaration" regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default 
regime for Italian resident individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be 
chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital loss) 
realised by the Italian resident individual Noteholder holding the Notes. In this instance, 
"capital gains" means any capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. 
Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any 
relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in 
excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of 
the four succeeding tax years. 
(b) 
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident individual Noteholders 
holding the Notes not in connection with an entrepreneurial activity may elect to pay 
the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption 
of the Notes (the "risparmio amministrato" regime). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to: 
(i) 
the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries; and 
(ii) 
an express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made 
in writing by the relevant Noteholder. 
The depository must account for the imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss. The 
depository must also pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of 
the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the 
Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a 
capital loss, which may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within 
the same securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up 
to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required 
to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return. 
(c) 
Under the "asset management" regime (the "risparmio gestito" regime), any capital 
gains realised by Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in connection with 
an entrepreneurial activity who have entrusted the management of their financial assets 
(including the Notes) to an authorised intermediary, will be included in the computation 
of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at 
year end, subject to a 26 per cent. substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
intermediary. Any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at the year-end may be 
carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the

--- Page 263 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 263 -
47-41037950 
 
four succeeding tax years. The Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains 
realised in the annual tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), 
Italian resident individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or 
social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and 
Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from any income 
taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and other income 
relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time 
to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate investment fund 
will neither be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of 
the real estate investment fund. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund (as defined above), a SICAV 
or a SICAF will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end 
of the tax period. The Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation on 
such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26 per cent., will apply, in certain circumstances, 
to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to 
the regime provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 
December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital 
gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the taxable 
base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual 
savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from 
the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva. The exemption applies 
provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with the authorised 
financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the 
Noteholder is not resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from 
the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective 
beneficiary is: 
(a) 
resident in a White List State; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy;

--- Page 264 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 264 -
47-41037950 
 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a 
foreign State; or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in 
a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with the 
Republic of Italy. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders 
without a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not 
traded on regulated markets may be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26 
per cent. However, Noteholders may benefit from an applicable tax treaty with the Republic of 
Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of the Notes are to be 
taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
4. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Notes or other securities) as a result of death 
or donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to 
an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance 
or gift exceeding €1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree 
are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of 
the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per 
cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding €100,000; 
and 
(c) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, 
mentioned above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
5. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a €200 registration tax as follows: 
(i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are 
subject to registration only in the case of voluntary registration. 
6. 
Stamp duty 
Article 13, paragraph 2 ter, of the First Part of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 
642 of 26 October 1972 ("Stamp Duty Law"), as amended by Law Decree No. 201 of 6 
December 2011, converted into Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, and by Law No. 147 of 
27 December 2013 introduces a stamp duty on the value of the financial products and/or 
financial instruments included in the statement sent to clients as of 1 January 2012 ("Statement 
Duty"). The statement is deemed to be sent to the clients on an annual basis, irrespective of 
any legal or contractual obligation to do so. The Statement Duty is levied at the rate 0.2 percent 
(but in any case not exceeding €14,000 only for entities other than individuals). According to

--- Page 265 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 265 -
47-41037950 
 
a literal interpretation of the amended Article 13, the Statement Duty seems to be applicable to 
the value of the Notes included in any statement sent to the clients, as the Notes are to be 
characterised for tax purposes as "financial instruments". 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's 
proposal") for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, 
France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). 
However, Estonia has since stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both 
within and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain 
dealings in the Notes where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is 
established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to 
be, "established" in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including 
(a) by transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the 
financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member 
States. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains 
unclear. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation 
to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
which sections are commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
("FATCA"), certain issuers of debt instruments and financial intermediaries may be required 
to withhold U.S. tax on payments on such debt instruments. However, FATCA withholding on 
the Notes currently does not apply pursuant to an intergovernmental agreement between the 
United States and the Republic of Italy. Furthermore, in accordance with a grandfathering rule, 
even if the payments on the Notes are otherwise potentially subject to FATCA withholding, 
the Notes, so long as they are characterized as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax 
purposes, should only become subject to FATCA withholding if the Notes are materially 
modified after the date that is six months after the date final Treasury regulations defining the 
term "foreign passthru payment" are published. No such final Treasury regulations have been 
published yet. In the event any withholding under FATCA is required with respect to any 
payments on the Notes, there will be no additional amounts payable to compensate for the 
withheld amount. The scope of these rules remains unclear and potentially subject to material 
changes. Holders should consult their own tax advisors on how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Notes.

--- Page 266 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 266 -
47-41037950 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The 
arrangements under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, 
and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date hereof 
(the "Dealer Agreement") and made between the Issuer and the original Dealer. Any such 
agreement will, inter alia, make provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or 
other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. 
The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of 
existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in 
respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. Each new Dealer so 
appointed will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree to the following selling 
restrictions as part of its appointment. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in 
the relevant Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain 
transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
given to them by the United States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, 
sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days 
after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the 
United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have 
sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating 
thereto a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the 
Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any 
Tranche, any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not 
participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision the 
expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 267 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 267 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, "EU MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of 
Sales to EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic 
Area, each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, 
that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the 
public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes in that Member 
State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other 
than qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining 
the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) 
of the Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation 
to any Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes 
incudes the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each 
Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has not offered, sold or 
otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which 
are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final 
Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown 
Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 268 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 268 -
47-41037950 
 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not incude the legend "Prohibition of Sales to 
UK Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation 
thereto to the public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to 
the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those 
Notes may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a 
Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus in 
relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial 
Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by 
the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the transitional 
provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) 
Regulations 2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently 
been completed by final terms contemplating such Public Offer, in the 
period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or 
final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its 
use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom 
subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the 
FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the 
Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation 
to any Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to

--- Page 269 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 269 -
47-41037950 
 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling restrictions addressing additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to 
persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing 
or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of 
their businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention by the 
Issuer of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
"FSMA"); 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and 
will only communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to 
engage in investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received 
by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 
21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of 
the FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
The Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian 
securities legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and 
agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant, undertake and agree, that sales of the Notes in Italy shall be effected in accordance 
with all Italian securities, tax and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail 
Investors" above, each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that, save as 
set out below, no Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base 
Prospectus or of any other document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of 
Italy, except in circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 
3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 
May 1999, as amended from time to time.

--- Page 270 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 270 -
47-41037950 
 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus 
or any other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such 
activities in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, 
CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 
of 1 September 1993 (the "Italian Banking Act") (in each case as amended from time 
to time); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to 
which the Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities 
in the Republic of Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, 
issued on 25 August 2015 (as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020), and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which 
may be imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and 
Exchange Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each 
Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, 
offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for 
the benefit of, any resident of Japan or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, 
in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration 
requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and 
regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident 
in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has complied and will 
comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which 
it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. 
Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required 
by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country 
or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute 
or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases 
at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions 
relating to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall as a 
result of any change(s), or any change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of 
applicable laws and regulations no longer be applicable, but without prejudice to the 
obligations of the Dealers described in the preceding paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any 
such supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 271 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 271 -
47-41037950 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in 
Luxembourg. Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange or any other stock exchange or which will be listed on or admitted to trading 
on such stock exchange as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 10 
June 2022. The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, 
approvals and authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is NNVPP80YIZGEY2314M97. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. The 
address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream Banking SA is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 
Luxembourg. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
in relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
Litigation 
The Issuer, and the Issuer's subsidiaries have not been involved in any governmental, legal, 
arbitration or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document, 
relating to claims or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant 
effect on the Issuer's financial position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such 
litigation, arbitration or administrative proceedings are pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change 
Since 31 December 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent audited annual financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no 
material adverse change in the financial condition or prospects of the Issuer or its subsidiaries.

--- Page 272 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 272 -
47-41037950 
 
No significant change 
Since 31 December 2021 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most 
recent published financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no 
significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
The Issuer's annual separate and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2020 have been audited without qualification by Ernst & Young S.p.A. with its 
registered office at Via Po, 32, 00198 Rome, Italy, independent accountants. 
Ernst & Young S.p.A. is authorized and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and 
Finance ("MEF") and registered on the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
Ernst & Young S.p.A.’s appointment has terminated with the audit of the Issuer's annual 
separate and consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2020. At the Issuer’s annual 
general meeting held in May 2021, the Issuer appointed Mazars Italia S.p.A as independent 
auditor.  
The Issuer's annual separate and consolidated financial statements as at and for the year ended 
31 December 2021 have been audited without qualification by Mazars Italia S.p.A., 
independent accountants ("Mazars"). 
The Issuer's separate and consolidated financial statements as at and for the six month period 
ended 30 June 2021 have been reviewed in accordance with the International Standard on 
Review Engagements 2410 without qualification by Mazars. 
Mazars has its registered office at Via Po, 32, 00198 Rome, Italy. 
Mazars is authorized and regulated by the MEF and registered on the special register of auditing 
firms held by the MEF. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course 
of business that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet 
their obligations to Noteholders. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established 
in the EEA or UK and registered under the CRA Regulation, and is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and 
Markets Authority at http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. 
Minimum denomination 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within 
the European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the 
Prospectus Regulation, such Notes will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or,

--- Page 273 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 273 -
47-41037950 
 
where the Notes are issued in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
currency) and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, €150,000 (or the equivalent amount 
where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro) and, in the case of Subordinated 
Notes, €200,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated in a currency 
other than euro), or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time 
to time.  
Documents on display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, electronic copies 
of the following documents may be inspected (and, in the case of (d) and (e) below, are 
available for collection) during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent, namely: 
(a) the Agency Agreements; 
(b) the Deed of Covenant; 
(c) the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the 
Issuer and the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the 
Programme, including the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(d) any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that Final 
Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the 
European Economic Area or offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a base prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will 
only be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and 
identity); 
(e) this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other document 
incorporated by reference herein on therein;

--- Page 274 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 274 -
47-41037950 
 
Publication on the Internet 
The By-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at:  
https://www.iccreabanca.it/Style%20Library/Iccrea/attachments/COMPANY_BYLAWS_IB
_EN_16.06.2022.pdf 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraphs (d)-(e) above are available on the 
Issuer’s website at: 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/it-IT/Pagine/obbligazioni2.aspx 
Any Second-party Opinion relating to Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" 
or "Sustainability Bonds" will be made available at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx 
The Issuer's single framework for the issuance of Green, Social and/or Sustainable bonds 
entitled the "Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework" ("GSS") is available at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework nor any Second-party Opinion are incorporated by reference into or form part of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained 
on the Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document 
incorporated by reference are available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website 
(www.bourse.lu). 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue 
in accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or 
the method of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price 
may include accrued interest in respect of the period from the interest commencement date of 
the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest 
payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest payment date in respect of the 
Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as 
of the relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is 
not an indication of future yield. 
Post-issuance information

--- Page 275 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 275 -
47-41037950 
 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes 
issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not 
limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor 
clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other 
trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and 
their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity 
securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the Issuer' affiliates. Certain 
of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge 
their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. 
Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short 
positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or 
express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and 
may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests of natural 
and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. For the purposes 
of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes the parent company. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base 
prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 276 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 276 -
47-41037950 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A 
Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47 
00178 Rome 
Italy 
 
SOLE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E.Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas Securities Services, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
1855 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Sole Dealer 
as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Italian law 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti 10 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER IN RELATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2020  
Ernst & Young S.p.A. 
Via Po, 32 
00198 Rome 
Italy 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER IN RELATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED 
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2021

--- Page 277 ---
10234715757-v17 
- 277 -
47-41037950 
 
Mazars Italia S.p.A. 
Via Ceresio, 7 
20154 Milan 
Italy