--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
(incorporated with limited liability as a società per azioni under the laws of the Republic of Italy) 
 
€5,000,000,000 
 
 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the €5,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this base prospectus (the 
"Base Prospectus"), which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"), ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") may from time to time issue (i) notes in physical form 
governed by English law (the "English Law Notes in Physical Form"); (ii) notes in physical form governed by Italian law 
(the "Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" and, together with the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the "Notes in Physical 
Form") and (iii) notes in dematerialised form (the "Dematerialised Notes" and, together with the Notes in Physical Form, the 
"Notes") denominated in any currency, as described in further detail herein.  
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the 
"CSSF"), as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting 
the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the 
CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. The CSSF gives no undertaking as to the economic or financial 
opportuneness of the transaction or the quality and solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the 
Luxembourg law dated 16 July 2019 (the "Luxembourg Prospectus Law"). 
Application has been made by the Issuer for Notes issued under the Programme described in this Base Prospectus during the 
period of twelve months after the date hereof to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"). The Programme also allows for 
Notes to be unlisted or to be admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by such other or further listing authorities, stock 
exchanges and/or quotation systems as may be agreed with the Issuer. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under the Conditions (as defined herein) 
as completed by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific 
to such Tranche (the "Drawdown Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below. Copies 
of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/). 
References herein to "Final Terms" shall, if the context so requires, be deemed to be references to the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus. 
Notes will be issued by the Issuer to raise funds for its general funding purposes or, if so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, for financing or refinancing green or social or sustainable projects, as the case may be, in accordance with the principles 
set out by the International Capital Market Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the 
Social Bond Principles ("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")). The Notes will be issued in series (each, a 
"Series") and each Series may be issued in one or more tranches (each, a "Tranche"). The terms of each Series will be set 
forth in the relevant Final Terms prepared in relation thereto in accordance with the provisions of this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date of approval 
(being 5 September 2024) in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area (the "EEA"). The expiry date of the validity of the Base Prospectus is 5 September 2025. 
Amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, EURIBOR is provided and administered by the European Money Markets Institute 
("EMMI"). At the date of this Base Prospectus, EMMI is authorised as a benchmark administrator, and included on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") 
pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation"). 
As more fully set out in "Taxation", payments of interest, premium and other income on Notes qualifying as bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) are subject in principle to a substitutive tax

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
(referred to as the imposta sostitutiva), in certain circumstances. Imposta sostitutiva is levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In order 
to obtain exemption from the imposta sostitutiva in respect of payments of interest, premium or other income relating to the 
Notes, each Noteholder not resident in the Republic of Italy is generally required to certify, inter alia, that such Noteholder is 
eligible for the exemption, as more fully set out in "Taxation". 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes in bearer form denominated in any currency agreed 
between the Issuer, the original dealer named on page 2 and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme from time 
to time (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"). Notes admitted to trading on a regulated market within the EEA or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under Prospectus Regulation will have a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies calculated as described herein). Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least €150,000 (or, 
where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in 
such other Specified Currency). Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 (or, where the Subordinated 
Notes are denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency). The 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
The Issuer has been assigned public ratings by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited ("Fitch") on 24 January 2024 as 'BBB-', by 
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") on 23 October 2023 as 'BBB (low)' and by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") on 
18 June 2024 as 'BBB-'. Each of Fitch, DBRS and S&P are established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). Each Fitch, DBRS and S&P appear on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website http://www.esma.europa.eu. 
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating DBRS has given to the Issuer is endorsed 
by DBRS Ratings Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has 
given to the Issuer is endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.  
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The risk factors that may affect the abilities of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and Notes 
are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. 
The Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons 
(as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")), except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Arranger and Sole Dealer 
MEDIOBANCA – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 5 September 2024

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
Important Notices 
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8(1) of the Prospectus 
Regulation.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any Final 
Terms and declares that, to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect its import. 
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers that this Base Prospectus (including for this purpose, each 
relevant Final Terms) contains all information which the Issuer believes to be (in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes) material; that such information is true and 
accurate in all material respects and is not misleading in any material respect; that any opinions, 
predictions, expectations or intentions expressed herein are honestly held or made and are not 
misleading in any material respect; that there are no other facts in relation to the information contained 
or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus the omission of which would, in the context of the 
Programme and the issue, offering and sale of the Notes, make any statement therein, or opinions or 
intentions expressed therein misleading in any material respect; and that all proper enquiries have been 
made to verify the foregoing. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any supplements hereto and with any 
other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche (as defined herein) of 
Notes, should be read and construed together with the relevant Final Terms (as defined herein). 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the 
Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such other information as is in the public 
domain and, if given or made, such information or representation should not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer or any Dealer. 
No representation or warranty is made or implied by the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates, 
and neither the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates makes any representation or warranty or 
accepts any responsibility as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms nor the offering, sale or 
delivery of any Note shall, in any circumstances, create any implication that the information contained 
in this Base Prospectus is true subsequent to the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently supplemented or that there has been no adverse change, or any event reasonably 
likely to involve any adverse change, in the condition (financial or otherwise), business, prospects or 
general affairs of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries since the date thereof or, if later, the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently supplemented or that any other information supplied 
in connection with the Programme is correct at any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied 
or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published. The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes 
in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or 
any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to 
observe any such restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of 
Notes and on the distribution of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material 
relating to the Notes, see "Subscription and Sale". 
In particular, Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and are subject to 
U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or to U.S. persons.

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for 
or purchase any Notes and none of them should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the 
Dealers or any of them that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe 
for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to 
have made its own investigation and appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise), business, 
prospects or general affairs of the Issuer and its subsidiaries. 
Certification of the manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report, pursuant to 
article 154-bis, paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 1998 
The manager responsible for preparing the Issuer’s financial report (Dirigente Preposto), Marianna Di 
Prinzio, declares in accordance with art. 154-bis paragraph 2 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 
February 1998, that the accounting data contained in this Base Prospectus corresponds to the underlying 
documents, accounting books and the other accounting entries of the Issuer. 
Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any social, environmental and sustainability 
assessment of any Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds or makes any 
representation or warranty or assurance whether such Notes will meet any investor expectations or 
requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation to 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
"EU Taxonomy Regulation") and any related technical screening criteria, the proposed European 
Green Bond Regulation, Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 on sustainability-related disclosures in the 
financial services sector ("SFDR") and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom)  or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time 
to time.  None of the Dealers is responsible for the use or allocation of proceeds for any Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds nor do any of the Dealers undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient green or 
social or sustainable projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds in full. 
In addition, none of the Dealers is responsible for the assessment of the Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework (as defined in the section entitled "Use of Proceeds") including the 
assessment of the applicable eligibility criteria in relation to Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or 
Sustainability Bonds set out in therein. No representation or assurance is given by the Dealers as to the 
suitability or reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection 
with an issue of Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds, nor is any such 
opinion or certification a recommendation by any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. In the 
event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", 
"sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, 
no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or 
maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
In the event any such Notes are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated 
"green", "sustainable", "social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities 
market, no representation or assurance is given by the Dealers that such listing or admission will be 
obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Notes. 
ESG ratings may vary amongst ESG ratings agencies as the methodologies used to determine ESG 
ratings may differ. The Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group's ESG rating is not necessarily indicative of 
its current or future operating or financial performance, or any future ability of the Issuer to service the 
Notes and are only current as of the dates on which they were initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such ESG ratings information contained in this 
Base Prospectus or elsewhere in making an investment decision. Furthermore, ESG ratings shall not be

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
deemed to be a recommendation by the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Notes.  
Currently, the providers of such ESG ratings are not subject to any regulatory or other similar oversight 
in respect of their determination and award of ESG ratings.  For more information regarding the 
evaluation methodologies used to determine ESG ratings, please refer to the relevant ratings agency's 
website (which website does not form a part of, nor is incorporated by reference in, this Base 
Prospectus). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area 
("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client 
as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU 
MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the 
"PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the 
case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the 
FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where 
that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation.  
Product Governance under Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels 
for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending such Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made at the time of issue about whether, for the purpose of the product 
governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID Product Governance 
Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for a Tranche of Notes is a manufacturer in respect of that Tranche, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the EU MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Product Governance under UK MiFIR

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus in respect of any Notes will include a legend entitled "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
product governance rules set out in UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for 
any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers 
nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product 
Governance Rules. 
The Notes of each Tranche may: 
• 
in the case of Notes in Physical Form, initially be represented by a temporary global note 
("Temporary Global Note") which (i) in respect of a Temporary Global Note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form, will be deposited on the issue date thereof with 
a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and Clearstream 
Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Banking") and/or any other agreed clearance system, and (ii) in 
respect of a Temporary Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form, 
will be deposited on the issue date thereof with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other agreed clearance system. Each Temporary Global Note 
will be exchangeable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, for either a permanent global 
note ("Permanent Global Note") or Notes in definitive form, in each case upon certification 
as to non-US beneficial ownership as required by U.S. Treasury Regulations. A Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes, all as further 
described below; or 
 
• 
in the case of Notes in Dematerialised Form, be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the 
beneficial owners, until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. with 
registered office and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy 
("Monte Titoli"), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders. The expression 
"Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream 
Banking. The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The 
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Dematerialised 
Notes will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of Italian 
Legislative Decree dated 24 February 1998, No. 58, as subsequently amended and 
supplemented (the "Financial Services Act") and in accordance with the Commissione 
Nazionale per le società e la Borsa ("CONSOB") and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation dated 13 
August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented ("CONSOB and Bank of Italy 
Joint Regulation"). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for 
certification pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act. 
The information set out in the sections of this Base Prospectus describing clearing arrangements is 
subject to any change or reinterpretation of the rules, regulations and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream Banking and Monte Titoli (the "Clearing Systems"), in each case as currently in effect. If 
prospective investors wish to use the facilities of any of the Clearing Systems, they should confirm the 
continued applicability of the rules, regulations and procedures of the relevant Clearing System. The

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
Issuer will not be responsible or liable for any aspect of the records relating to, or payments made on 
account of, book-entry interests held through the facilities of any Clearing System or for maintaining, 
supervising or reviewing any records relating to such book-entry interests. 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (and for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall 
be translated into euro at the date of the agreement to issue such Notes, calculated in accordance with 
the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined under "Subscription and Sale")). The maximum 
aggregate principal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under the Programme 
may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement as defined under "Subscription and Sale". 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is 
rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings applicable to the Issuer described above 
or the rating(s) assigned to Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable 
rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in 
relation to a relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which 
is certified under the UK CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, European 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) 
issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, 
UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not 
(1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or where the context requires otherwise: references 
to a "Member State" are references to a Member State of the European Economic Area; references to 
a "Condition" are to the correspondingly numbered provision set forth in the terms and conditions of 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form (the "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form") or the terms and conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form (the "Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or the terms and conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes (the "Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes") and, together with 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes", or the "Conditions"); 
references to "€", "EUR" or "euro" are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
European economic and monetary union, and as defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 
974/98 of 3 May 1998 on the introduction of the euro, as amended; references to "U.S.$", "U.S. dollars" 
or "dollars" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United States; references to "£" and 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency for the time being of the United Kingdom; and references to 
"billions" are to thousands of millions. 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form include summaries of, and are 
subject to, the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 5 September 2024 (as amended, 
supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes 
in Physical Form"). The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form include 
summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed provisions of an agency agreement dated 5 September 
2024 (as amended, supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the "Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form"). The Issuer may act as Paying Agent and Calculation Agent for

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
the Dematerialised Notes and therefore as of the date of this Base Prospectus no agency agreement in 
relation to the terms and conditions of the Dematerialised Notes is envisaged. 
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and 
figures shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which 
precede them. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference, the 
information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the Dealer or Dealers 
(if any) named as the Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view 
to supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise 
prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on 
or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date 
of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must 
be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or person(s) acting on behalf of any 
Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on 
its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the 
Notes, including where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the 
potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear 
the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not 
purchase complex financial instruments as stand-alone investments. They purchase complex financial 
instruments as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition 
of risk to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex 
financial instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate 
how the Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes 
and the impact this investment will have on the potential investor's overall investment portfolio.

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain 
authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what 
extent (i) Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions 
should consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment 
of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
MARKET INFORMATION AND STATISTICS 
Unless otherwise indicated, information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding the 
market share of the Issuer are either derived from, or are based upon, the Issuer's analysis of data 
obtained from public sources. Although these sources are believed by the Issuer to be reliable, the Issuer 
has not independently verified such information, but the Issuer takes responsibility for the correct 
reproduction of such information. 
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus may contain certain statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking, 
including statements with respect to the Issuer's and the Group's business strategies, expansion of 
operations, trends in their business and their competitive advantage, information on technological and 
regulatory changes and information on exchange rate risk and generally includes all statements 
preceded by, followed by or that include the words "believe", "expect", "project", "anticipate", "seek", 
"estimate", "aim", "intend", "plan", "continue" or similar expressions. By their nature, forward-looking 
statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend 
on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. Such forward-looking statements are not 
guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties, and actual results may differ 
materially from those in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors. Potential investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the 
date hereof. 
Any forward-looking statements are only made as of the date of this Base Prospectus, and the Issuer 
does not intend, and does not assume any obligation, to update forward-looking statements set forth in 
this Base Prospectus. Many factors may cause the Issuer's or the Group's results of operations, financial 
condition, liquidity and the development of the industries in which they compete to differ materially 
from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as 
defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not 
recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), are used 
by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In 
particular: 
Customer Loans: the composition of the portfolio of the Group’s loans to customers is indicated under 
the fourth and fifth sub-paragraphs of paragraph “De-risking and NPE reduction” of the section entitled 
“The Issuer”. In this respect, it should be noted that:  
a) the aggregate value of the customers loans indicated thereof includes loans registered as amortised 
financial activities, net of exposures represented by securities;  
b) Gross NPL Ratio (Gross non-performing loans/Gross loans to customers at amortized cost): 
the measure is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing loans to customers and total 
gross loans to customers. It provides an indication of the quality of the loan portfolio; 
c)  Net NPL Ratio (Net non-performing loans/Net loans to customers at amortized cost): the 
measure is calculated as the ratio between non-performing loans to customers net of the associated 
accumulated impairment losses and total net loans to customers. It provides an indication of the 
quality of the loan portfolio;

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
d)  NPL Coverage (Accumulated impairment losses on non-performing loans/Gross non-
performing loans to customers): the measure is calculated as the ratio between total accumulated 
impairment losses on loans to customers and non-performing loans to customers gross of the 
associated accumulated impairment losses. It provides an indication of the coverage level for non-
performing loans to customer; 
e) Total direct funding from ordinary customers: the aggregate includes outstanding debt 
securities, current accounts, deposits and other liabilities recognised as liabilities measured at 
amortized cost relating to funding from ordinary customers, with the exception of the sub-item 
financing.

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
CONTENTS 
Clause 
Page 
Important Notices .............................................................................................................................. 3 
Market Information and Statistics .................................................................................................... 10 
Forward Looking Statements ........................................................................................................... 10 
General Description of the Programme ............................................................................................ 13 
Risk Factors .................................................................................................................................... 27 
Presentation of Financial Information .............................................................................................. 61 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................ 62 
Further Prospectuses and Supplements ............................................................................................ 65 
Forms of the Notes .......................................................................................................................... 66 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form................................................... 71 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form .................................................. 118 
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes ........................................................................ 164 
Form of Final Terms ...................................................................................................................... 214 
Use of Proceeds ............................................................................................................................. 241 
Overview of Provisions Relating to the Notes in Physical Form When In Global Form .................. 244 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................ 248 
Taxation ........................................................................................................................................ 274 
Subscription and Sale .................................................................................................................... 283 
General Information ...................................................................................................................... 288

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
This section is a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25.1(b) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 (as amended). This description does not purport to 
be complete and is qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus. Words and 
expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the Notes of the English Law Notes in Physical Form" 
or the "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Dematerialised Notes" or elsewhere in the Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
description. 
Issuer: 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
NNVPP80YIZGEY2314M97 
Arranger: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
Mediobanca - Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A.,  
and any other Dealer appointed from time to time by the Issuer 
either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to 
a particular Tranche of Notes. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment 
of any Dealer under the Programme, or appoint additional 
Dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches or generally 
in respect of the Programme. 
Fiscal Agent and Luxembourg 
Paying Agent (for Notes in 
Physical Form): 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
Listing, Approval and Admission 
to Trading: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this 
document as a base prospectus in compliance with the 
Prospectus Regulation. Application has also been made for 
Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official 
List of and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Notes may be listed or 
admitted to trading (as the case may be) on other or further 
stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to each Series as specified in the 
Final Terms. Notes may also be issued which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream Banking, Monte Titoli and/or, in 
relation to any Tranche of Notes, any other clearing system as 
may be specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
Initial Programme Amount: 
Up to €5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) 
aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one 
time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. Notes will be issued in Series. Each Series may 
comprise one or more Tranches issued on different issue dates. 
The Notes of each Series will all be subject to identical terms, 
except that the issue date and the amount of the first payment 
of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
The Notes of each Tranche will all be subject to identical 
terms in all respects, save that a Tranche may comprise Notes 
of different denominations. 
Final Terms: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Tranche only, completes the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form or the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form or the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised 
Notes and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. 
 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue 
Notes in a form not contemplated in the section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms", in such case a 
drawdown prospectus will be made available and will describe 
the effect of the agreement in relation to such Notes. 
Forms of Notes in Physical Form: 
Notes may only be issued in bearer form. Each Tranche of 
Notes will initially be in the form of either a Temporary 
Global Note or a Permanent Global Note, in each case as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Global Note which 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms as a Classic Global 
Note (each a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN") will be 
deposited on or around the relevant issue date with a 
depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and each Global Note which is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as a New Global Note (each a "New Global 
Note" or "NGN") will be deposited on or around the relevant 
issue date with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking. New Global Notes are intended to be 
held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility, 
such eligibility depending upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria. 
 
Notes that are not listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited with any 
other clearing system or may be delivered outside any clearing 
system provided that the method of such delivery has been

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the 
relevant Dealer. 
Each Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note or, if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, for Definitive Notes. If the TEFRA D Rules are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as applicable, 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership will be a 
condition precedent to any exchange of an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note or receipt of any payment of interest 
in respect of a Temporary Global Note. Each Permanent 
Global Note will be exchangeable for Definitive Notes in 
accordance with its terms. Definitive Notes will, if interest-
bearing, have Coupons attached and, if appropriate, a Talon 
for further Coupons and a Receipt for Instalment Notes.  
Form of the Dematerialised Notes: The Dematerialised Notes will be in bearer form and will be 
held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, 
until redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli for 
the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as 
of their respective date of issue. The expression "Monte Titoli 
Account 
Holders" 
means 
any 
authorised 
financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of 
their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository 
banks appointed by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. The 
Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by 
Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes will at all times be 
held in book entry form and title to the Dematerialised Notes 
will be evidenced by book entries pursuant to the relevant 
provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. No 
physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the 
relevant intermediaries for certification of their holding 
pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the 
Financial Services Act. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in euro, U.S. dollars or Sterling or 
in any other currency or currencies, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Status of the Notes: 
Notes issued by the Issuer may be either senior preferred 
("Senior Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred ("Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes" and, together with the Senior 
Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") or subordinated 
("Subordinated Notes") as described below. 
The 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
will 
constitute 
direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. The 
payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred 
Notes (and the Receipts or Coupons of the Notes in Physical 
Form related to such Notes) shall at all times rank (save for

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
certain obligations required to be preferred by law, including 
any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to the Senior 
Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with 
all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than obligations 
ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, 
including any obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
and any further obligations permitted by law or by their terms 
to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the 
Issue Date, if any), as described in Condition 4 (Status of the 
Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 4 (Status of 
the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 4 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Status of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 5 (Status of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 5 
(Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, the obligations of the 
Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes in respect of 
principal, interest and other amounts will constitute direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify as 
strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the 
Issuer in accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-
bis of the Consolidated Banking Law. The payment 
obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
(and the Receipts or Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form 
related to such Notes) shall at all times rank: 
(i) junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, 
senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, 
without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Preferred Notes and claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the 
CRR); 
(ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other present 
or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior 
to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, 
junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, 
without limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the 
Issuer and any other obligations under the Subordinated 
Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
included in the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the 
Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in 
Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-bis) of the Consolidated 
Banking Law and any relevant regulation which may be 
enacted from time to time for the purposes of implementing 
such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines 
implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor 
Hierarchy Directive, as described in Condition 5 (Status of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 5 (Status 
of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. 
The Subordinated Notes will constitute direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to 
qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments to be 
included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with 
Article 63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 
285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations), as described in Condition 6 (Status of the 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 6 (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 6 (Status of 
the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes.  
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant 
Series of Subordinated Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as 
Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes (and the Receipts or Coupons of the Notes 
in Physical Form related to such Notes) shall at all times rank: 
(i) junior to all present or future unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (including, 
without limitation, any obligations under the Senior 
Notes) or any other present or future subordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes 
(including any subordinated instruments that have ceased 
to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri)); 
(ii) pari passu among themselves and with any other present 
or future obligations of the Issuer which do not rank, or 
are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present 
or future outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank,

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer 
and any other obligations under instruments or items 
included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify 
(or ceases to qualify) in its entirety as own funds items 
(elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank 
pari passu without any preference among the Notes and: (A) 
at least pari passu with the Issuer's obligations in respect of 
any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to 
qualify, in their entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi 
propri) and with all other subordinated indebtedness of the 
Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to 
holders of present or future outstanding indebtedness which 
qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds items (elementi di 
fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 
Capital; and (C) junior in right of payment to the payment of 
any present or future claims of depositors of the Issuer and any 
other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes following a 
Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
or an Alignment Event: 
If Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event or Variation for an Alignment 
Event is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer 
may without the consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes 
substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes whereby such 
new notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes (in the case of 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form only), or vary the 
terms of the Subordinated Notes subject to Condition 17(c) 
(Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following 
a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 17(c) (Modification of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or 
Condition 16(c) (Modification of Subordinated Notes 
following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, as the case may 
be. 
Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
or 
an 
Alignment Event 
If Modification or Substitution of Notes for MREL 
Disqualification Event or Variation for an Alignment Event is 
specified as applicable in the Final Terms, the Issuer may 
without the consent of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes substitute new notes for the 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (in the case of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form only), or vary the terms 
of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
subject to Condition 17(d) (Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a 
MREL Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 17(d) 
(Modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes following a MREL Disqualification Event) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form, or Condition 16(d) (Modification of Senior Preferred 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, as the case may be. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance with 
prevailing market conditions. 
Maturity Period: 
Any Maturity Period as may be agreed between the Issuer and 
the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturities as may be allowed or required from time to time by 
the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant to Article 
12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, the Maturity Date shall not fall earlier than twelve months 
after their Issue Date. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted 
by 
current 
laws, 
regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
the 
requirements of the Relevant Authority (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions) applicable to the issue of Subordinated 
Notes by the Issuer, Subordinated Notes must have a 
minimum maturity of five years (or, if issued for an indefinite 
duration, redemption of such Notes may only occur five years 
after their date of issue).  
 
Notes having a Maturity Period of less than one year 
 
Where Notes have a Maturity Period of less than one year and 
either (a) the issue proceeds are received by the Issuer in the 
United Kingdom or (b) the activity of issuing the Notes is 
carried on from an establishment maintained by the Issuer in 
the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) and be issued only to persons whose ordinary 
activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect 
will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) 
be issued in other circumstances which do not constitute a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
Redemption: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation, early redemption or 
repayment or redemption of Instalment Notes, Notes will be 
redeemed at par as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that the Notes may 
be redeemed in two or more instalments in such amounts and 
on such dates as may be indicated in such Final Terms. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default or, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons) or 
that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
and/or the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders 
or the Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified 
prior to such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on 
such other terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer. 
The redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), 10(e) (Redemption at the Option of 
the Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial redemption) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Conditions 10(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 10(d) 
(Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), 10(e) (Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 
10(f) (Partial redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Conditions 10(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons), 10(d) (Redemption of Senior 
Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), 10(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial 
redemption) 
of 
the Terms 
and Conditions 
of 
the 
Dematerialised Notes. shall be subject to compliance by the 
Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase 
prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at the relevant time 
(including any requirements applicable to such redemption or 
repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements) and (ii) in case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis and Article 
91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority at the 
relevant time (as described in Condition 10(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 10(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 10(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes). 
The redemption at maturity of Subordinated Notes pursuant to 
Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any early 
redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption for Tax 
Reasons), 10(c) (Redemption for Regulatory Reasons), 10(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial 
redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) and 
any early redemption pursuant to Conditions 10(b) 
(Redemption for Tax Reasons), 10(c) (Redemption for 
Regulatory Reasons), 10(e) (Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial redemption) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
10(a) (Scheduled redemption) and any early redemption 
pursuant to Conditions 10(b) (Redemption for Tax Reasons), 
10(c) 
(Redemption 
for 
Regulatory 
Reasons), 
10(e) 
(Redemption at the Option of the Issuer) and 10(f) (Partial 
redemption) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, shall be subject to the prior approval of 
the Relevant Authority to the extent required by and in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. If such 
approval is not given on or prior to the relevant redemption 
date, the Issuer will re-apply to the Relevant Authority for its 
consent to such redemption as soon as the conditions permit. 
The Issuer will use its best endeavours to maintain the 
required regulatory capital and to obtain such approval. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) and/or (in case 
of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes) at 
the option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
and/or (where the Notes are Senior Notes) at the option of the 
Noteholders to the extent (if at all) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and subject to all relevant legal and regulatory 
requirements. In the case of Subordinated Notes, early 
redemption may occur only with the prior approval of the 
Relevant Authority. In the case of Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, early redemption shall be subject to 
compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by applicable laws and 
regulations. 
Tax or Regulatory Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" above, early 
redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as described 
in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), or in the case 
of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons as described in 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical 
Form, Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), or in the 
case of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory reasons as 
described in Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory 
reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
in Physical Form and Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), or in the case of Subordinated Notes, for regulatory 
reasons as described in Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the 
extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75% 
or any higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms 
of the initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the 
same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single 
series with the first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) 
have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and cancelled. Any such redemption shall be subject to 
the prior consent of the Regulatory Authority. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest 
(if any) may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate and the 
method of calculating interest may vary between the issue date 
and the maturity date of the relevant Series. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in 
each year specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Reset Notes: 
Reset Notes will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest 
at the initial fixed rate of interest specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. Thereafter, the fixed rate of interest will be reset on 
one or more date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms by 
reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted for any 
applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately 
for each Series as follows: 
 
(i) on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and 
updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms)) as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or the latest version of ISDA 
2021 Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions, including each 
Matrix (as defined therein) (and any successor thereto), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, each as published 
by 
ISDA 
(or 
any 
successor) 
on 
its 
website 
(http://www.isda.org), on the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Notes of such Series; or 
 
(ii) on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed 
screen page of a commercial quotation service.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes: 
Payments of interest in respect of CMS Linked Interest Notes 
will be calculated by reference to the CMS Rate as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their principal amount or 
at a discount to it and will not bear interest. 
Interest Periods and Interest 
Rates: 
The length of the interest periods for the Notes and the 
applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may differ 
from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may 
have a maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or 
both. The use of interest accrual periods permits the Notes to 
bear interest at different rates in the same interest period. All 
such information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
Benchmark Discontinuation: 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as 
described in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form, Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical 
Form 
and 
Condition 
8(j) 
(Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes) occurs in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate at any time when the Conditions provide for 
any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate. In such event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an 
Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to 
determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any, as well as 
any Benchmark Amendments. See Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes for further information. 
Denominations: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, subject to compliance 
with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
requirements and save that the minimum denomination of 
each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
EEA or offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication 
of a prospectus under Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 
(or, where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency). If the 
Final Terms so specify, and for so long as the Notes are 
represented by the Temporary Global Note or Permanent 
Global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, 
Notes may be issued in denominations of €100,000 and 
integral multiples of €1,000 in excess thereof up to and 
including €199,000. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at 
least €150,000 (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the 
equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency). 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least 
€200,000 (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated 
in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other Specified Currency). 
Negative Pledge: 
None. 
Cross Default 
The Events of Default in respect of the Senior Notes and the 
Subordinated Notes are limited to circumstances in which the 
Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an analogous event 
as set out in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13 
(Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of Notes will be made free and clear 
of withholding or deduction of Italian taxation, unless the 
withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the 
Issuer will (subject to certain exceptions as provided in 
Condition 12 (Taxation)) pay such additional amounts in 
respect of principal and interest for the Senior Notes (if 
permitted by the MREL Requirements) and in respect of 
interest only for the Subordinated Notes, as will result in the 
Noteholders receiving such amounts as they would have 
received in respect of such Notes had no such withholding or 
deduction been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation), the 
Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to 
Noteholders with respect to any payment, withholding or 
deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 
April 1996, as amended and supplemented, on account of 
Italian substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), as defined therein

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
 
in relation to interest or premium payable on, or other income 
deriving from, any Notes. See "Taxation" below. 
Governing Law of the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form: 
English law, including all non-contractual obligations arising 
from or connected therewith, except for Conditions 4 (Status 
of the Senior Preferred Notes), 5 (Status of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes), 6 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) and 23 
(Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and 
any non-contractual obligations arising from or connected 
therewith, which are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form: 
The Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form will be governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Governing Law of the 
Dematerialised Notes: 
The 
Dematerialised 
Notes 
and 
any 
non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Dematerialised Notes, will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Enforcement of Notes in Physical 
Form in Global Form: 
In the case of Global Notes for the Notes in Physical Form, 
individual investors' rights against the Issuer will be governed 
by a Deed of Covenant dated 5 September 2024 a copy of 
which will be available for inspection at the specified office 
of the Fiscal Agent. 
Ratings: 
The Issuer has been assigned public ratings by Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited ("Fitch") on 24 January 2024 as 'BBB-', by 
DBRS Ratings GmbH ("DBRS") on 23 October 2023 as 'BBB 
(low)'  and by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P") 
on 18 June 2024 as 'BBB-'. Fitch, DBRS and S&P are 
established in the EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). 
Fitch, DBRS and S&P appear on the latest update of the list 
of registered credit rating agencies on the ESMA website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.  
The rating Fitch has given to the Issuer is endorsed by Fitch 
Ratings Ltd, which is established in the UK and registered 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The rating DBRS has 
given to the Issuer is endorsed by DBRS Ratings Limited, 
which is established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation. The rating S&P has given to the Issuer is 
endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, which is 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
Notes issued pursuant to the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, its rating will not 
necessarily be the same as any rating applicable to the Issuer. 
Details of the rating, if any, attributable to a Tranche of Notes 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not 
a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may 
be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any 
time by the assigning rating agency. 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Notes will be (1) issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency 
which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation and/or (2) 
issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a 
credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA 
Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. In general, 
European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but which is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but which is 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation. In general, UK 
regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but which is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency 
not established in the UK but which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are certain restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of 
the Notes. For a description of such restrictions on offers, sales 
and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution of offering 
material in the United States of America, the European 
Economic Area, the United Kingdom, the Republic of Italy 
and Japan, see "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. 
These are set out under "Risk Factors" below and include risks 
relating to competition and other operating and general 
banking risks, such as credit risk and interest rate risk. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and include risks related to the 
structure of a particular issue of Notes and risks common to 
the Notes generally.

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under Notes 
issued under the Programme. Factors which the Issuer believes are material for the purpose of 
assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued under the Programme are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing 
in Notes issued under the Programme, but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other 
amounts on or in connection with any Notes may occur for other reasons which may not be considered 
significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently available to it or which it may not 
currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere and incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable 
for them in light of the information contained herein and their personal circumstances, based upon their 
own judgement and upon advice from such financial, legal and tax advisers as they have deemed 
necessary, prior to making any investment decision. 
 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form" 
and "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Dematerialised Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this 
section. Prospective investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information 
incorporated by reference. Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" or 
"Conditions" shall refer to the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes and any reference to a "Condition" shall be to a Condition under the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
 
Factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer; 
2. Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and the market where the Issuer operates; and 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework. 
1. Risks related to the financial situation of the Issuer 
The Issuer's financial performance is affected by the general economic conditions, in particular in the 
Republic of Italy and Europe. 
Adverse changes or a general deterioration in the Italian, European or global economic conditions, or 
arising from systemic risks in the financial system, could affect the recoverability and value of the 
Issuer's assets and require an increase in the Issuer's provision for bad and doubtful loans and other 
provisions. 
The Issuer is not a retail bank and its core institutional role is to provide key financial and credit services 
to the network of cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) (the "BCCs"). 
The Issuer and BCCs' asset quality is exposed to domestic economic weakness through the composition 
of their loan portfolio, mainly to households, small enterprises and artisans. Sustained loan growth in

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
the past few years, coupled with high loan portfolio concentration in the real estate sector for some 
BCCs, makes their credit risk vulnerable to the domestic economic environment.  
The effects deriving from COVID-19 and the related restrictive measures that have been issued during 
the last few years by national and foreign authorities, in addition to the ongoing conflict between 
Russian Federation and Ukraine and the worsening of the global macroeconomic situation, has led to 
volatility in the capital markets, which may lead to volatility in, or disruption of, the credit markets at 
any time and may adversely affect the value of the Notes. 
These additional risks may prejudice or negatively influence the Issuer’s and the Group’s ability to fully 
implement their 2024-2026 Business Plan Objectives (as defined in section “Documents Incorporated 
by Reference” below), may impact on the Issuer’s profitability, in particular in terms of operating 
income and cost of risk, and therefore materially and adversely affect the Issuer's ability to make 
payments on the Notes and the liquidity thereof.  
In addition, prospective investors should note that there can be no assurance that the Group’s 2024-
2026 Business Plan Objectives will be achieved in the anticipated timeframe or at all. The 2024-2026 
Business Plan Objectives set out the Group’s economic targets and business objectives, some or all of 
which may not be realised. The Group’s ability to implement its business plan goals depends on a 
variety of factors, some of which are outside of the Group’s control, including, inter alia, loan demand, 
geopolitical issues, global macroeconomic developments, market disruptions and unexpected increases 
in funding costs. 
Historical Information and availability of Financial Information 
The historical, financial and other information set out in the section headed "Description of the Issuer" 
represents the historical experience of the Issuer. There can be no assurance that the future experience 
and performance of the Issuer will be similar to the past experience described in this Base Prospectus. 
Prospective investors should note that further downturns in the Italian economy could add to the 
competitive pressure through, for example, increased price pressure and lower business volumes for 
which to compete. This could affect the business activities and financial results of the Issuer and, in 
turn, the Issuer’s ability to make payments under the Notes. 
2. Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and the market where the Issuer operates  
Global market conditions 
The Group's (and, therefore, the Issuer's) performance is affected by the financial markets and the 
macroeconomic and political environment of the countries in which it operates. Expectations regarding 
the performance of the global economy remain highly uncertain in both the short term and medium 
term. Material adverse effects on the business and profitability of the Issuer may also result from further 
developments of the monetary policies and additional events occurring on an extraordinary basis (such 
as political instability, terrorism and any other similar event occurring in the countries where it operates 
and, as recently experienced, a pandemic emergency). Furthermore, the economic and political 
uncertainty of recent years has also introduced a considerable volatility and uncertainty in the financial 
markets.  
The geopolitical situation continues to be the main factor of instability. The Russia-Ukraine and Middle 
East conflicts still appear far from being resolved. In particular, the conflict in the Middle East has 
involved other countries in the area, with persistent risks for the transit of merchant ships in the Red 
Sea. Other potential critical issues emerge from tensions between China and Taiwan, and the situation

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
 
in several South American countries. The more direct economic impacts would focus on commodity 
prices, the continuity of global value supply chains, and the intensity of global trade and investment. In 
this context, the upcoming elections in the U.S., still with uncertain outcomes, assume particular 
importance. 
The first quarter of 2024 witnessed the gradual reduction of inflation, aided by falling energy prices, 
allowing a normalisation of monetary policies; the first reduction of policy rates in the European 
Monetary Union (“EMU”) was implemented in June 2024, and is set to continue until 2025. 
The global economy continues to prove resilient, however there is an expectation for the tightening of 
Italian fiscal policies to deal with rising government borrowing in recent years. 
Economic growth in Italy has been sustained by manufacturing industry and fiscal stimulus. 
Gradual growth is expected for gross domestic product (“GDP”) over the three-year period, supported 
mainly by the recovery in foreign demand and household purchasing power; however, the current 
restrictive financing conditions and the reduction in incentives for residential construction are weighing 
on investments. 
These elements are leading to a significant increase in the risks to which the banking sector is exposed, 
forcing it to prepare adjustments to their valuation in order to contain future new impacts on the 
economic, financial and equity situation of the Italian and international financial system.  
In addition, with reference to the UK's exit from the European Union ("Brexit"), changes in the 
relationship between the UK and the EU may affect the business of the Issuer. The Treaty on the 
European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the 
UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal 
Agreement) Act 2020) ended the supremacy of EU law in the UK and, together with secondary 
legislation made under it, ensures there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
Brexit and the possibility that other EU countries could hold similar referendums to the one held in the 
UK and/or call into question their membership of the EU, could have significant negative impacts on 
global economic conditions and the stability of international financial markets. Any of these effects, 
and others which cannot be anticipated, could negatively affect the Issuer and/or Group, their customers 
and counterparties, and have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and/or results 
of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
As a result, the Issuer's ability to access the capital and financial markets and to refinance debt to meet 
the financial requirements may be adversely impacted and costs of financing may significantly increase. 
This could materially and adversely affect the business, results of operations and financial condition of 
the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Credit Risk  
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are exposed to the 
traditional risks related to credit activity and depends, amongst other things, on customers and 
counterparties complying with their payment obligations, and on the credit rating of customers. 
A number of factors affect a bank's credit risk in relation to individual credit exposures or for its entire 
loan book. These include the trend in general economic conditions or those in specific sectors, changes 
in the rating of individual counterparties, deterioration in the competitive position of counterparties,

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
 
poor management by firms or counterparties given lines of credit, and other external factors, also of a 
legal and regulatory nature. 
Risk management methodologies, assessments and processes used by the Issuer to identify, measure, 
evaluate, monitor, prevent and mitigate any risks to which the Issuer is or might be exposed, are 
intended to guarantee adequate capital resources and an adequate liquidity profile of the Group. These 
include:  
(i) 
the continued reduction of the non-performing loan stock; 
(ii) 
recovery actions in respect of non-performing exposures;   
(iii) 
the setting up of a target model for the management and recovery of bad loans; and 
(iv) 
a constant evolution of the methodology for estimating credit risk parameters (probability of 
default (“PD”), loss given default (“LGD”) and exposure at default (“EAD”)) and satellite 
models to incorporate forward-looking information, according to best market practices, 
functional to a solid and accurate determination of the provisions on the performing portfolio 
and the related staging allocation of the positions.  
However, such actions might not be sufficient to protect the Group against, for example, unexpected 
changes in the creditworthiness of a counterparty, also considering the uncertainty related to the 
international economic context (for example, due to the Russia-Ukraine and Middle East conflict). The 
uncertainty that characterises the current macro-economic context cannot be captured by the financial 
models. For this reason, the Group has put in place greater level of conservatism on IFRS9 components 
in order to take into account the emergent risk with reference to creditworthiness perspective. 
The business, economic and financial solidity of the Issuer, as well as its profits, are still exposed to 
additional risks relating to regulatory updates and commitments summarised as follows. 
The Issuer applied the most recent guidelines on the definition of default. The objective of such 
legislation on default is to harmonize the definition of default between different areas of the EU, 
strengthen the comparability of risk metrics between different players in banking industry, and 
ultimately achieve the homogenization and comparability of the classification framework regarding 
impaired credit facilities, as well as the minimization of the variability of RWA among financial 
institutions with similar risk profiles.  
Secondly, the Issuer shall comply with the obligations laid down by the Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of 
17 April 2019, as amended (“Calendar Provisioning”). In this context, the main risk consists in the 
increase in coverage to be applied to the non-performing according to the paths established by the 
Supervisory Authority. The application of Calendar Provisioning prescriptions required the Issuer to 
review impaired credit facility management strategies, to identify the potential impacts of different 
exposure types (e.g., secured/unsecured, etc) and to minimize those impacts through credit management 
(by evaluating the trade-off between the enhancement of recovery procedures and other possible de-
risking actions). Overall, the interaction with other regulations, especially the new definition of default, 
which directly affects the Issuer’s NPL amount, ultimately amplifies the Calendar Provisioning effects. 
Risks arising from the sovereign debt crisis 
The Issuer is affected by disruptions and volatility in the global financial markets including, in recent 
years, the sovereign debt crisis in the Euro-zone. Credit quality has generally declined, as reflected by 
downgrades suffered by several countries in the Euro-zone, including Italy, since the beginning of the

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
 
sovereign debt crisis in May 2010. The large sovereign debts and fiscal deficits in European countries 
have raised concerns regarding the financial condition of Euro-zone financial institutions and their 
exposure to such countries. These concerns may have an impact on Euro-zone banks' funding. 
Furthermore, the Issuer's credit ratings are potentially exposed to the risk of reductions in the sovereign 
credit rating of Italy. On the basis of the methodologies used by rating agencies, further downgrades of 
Italy's credit rating may have a potential knock-on effect on the credit rating of Italian issuers such as 
the Issuer and make it more likely that the credit rating (if any) of Notes issued under the Programme 
are downgraded. 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's exposure to securities issued by the Italian government amounted 
to Euro 10.64 billion compared to approximately Euro 9.08 billion as at 30 June 2023. The Issuer’s 
exposure refers for the most part to assets classified in the HTC Business Model – valued at amortised 
cost; it refers for Euro 0.47 billion to financial assets classified in the HTCS Business Model – whose 
changes in fair value have an impact on equity (Euro 0.46 billion as at 30 June 2023). 
As at 31 December 2023, the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to Euro 11.07 billion (approximately 18.73 per cent of the Issuer’s total assets) compared 
to Euro 9.44 billion as at 30 June 2023 (approximately 16.69 per cent of the Issuer’s total assets).  
As at 31 December 2022, the Issuer’s exposure to securities issued by the Italian government amounted 
to Euro 9.06 billion; the Issuer's investments in sovereign debt securities issued by EU Countries 
corresponded to Euro 9.47 billion and represented approximately 16.02 per cent. of the Issuer's total 
assets. 
Any further deterioration in the credit quality of securities issued by governments, central banks and 
other public entities held by the Issuer could materially and adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value 
of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
Market risk 
The market risk involved in the Issuer's business activities lies in the risk of possible losses arising from 
changes in the market due to fluctuating or changing interest rates, foreign exchange rates, share prices 
and prices in general. This risk encompasses both trading book and banking book positions. Positions 
of risk are the result either of business positions taken for or in respect of customers, or of a deliberate 
assumption of such positions.  
The Issuer's trading revenues and interest rate risk exposure depend on its ability to identify properly, 
and mark to market, changes in the value of financial instruments caused by movements in market 
prices or interest rates. The Issuer's financial results also depend on how effectively the Issuer 
determines and assesses the cost of credit and manages its own credit counterparty risk and market risk 
concentration. 
Regarding the trading portfolio only (Other / HFT business model), the Issuer’s managerial Value at 
Risk (“VaR”) was equal to 0.71 million on 31 December 2023 (mainly given by interest rate, equity 
risk and issuer specific risk components), decreased compared to the value of 0.85 million on 30 June 
2023.  
Risk related to fluctuations in interest rates and exchange rates

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
 
The interest rate risk is the risk originating from the differences in the maturities and in the times for 
redefining the interest rate of the assets and liabilities included in the banking book. In the presence of 
these differences, the fluctuations in interest rates determine both a short-term change in the expected 
profit, through the effects on the NII, and long-term effects on the economic value of the shareholders' 
equity, through the change in the market value of assets and liabilities. 
The measurement of the interest rate risk on the banking book is based on the valuation of the economic 
value and earnings-based measures. The Issuer adopts a risk management policy related to interest rate 
fluctuations aimed at maximizing profitability and limiting the risks of negative effects on the 
capital/income profile of potential adverse changes in interest rates. 
A residual part of the Issuer's business is carried out in currencies other than the Euro. Therefore, a 
negative change in exchange rates and / or a hedging strategy that is insufficient to cover the related 
risk could have negative effects on the business, results and equity and financial situation of the Issuer 
and/or the Group. 
Impact of Russia-Ukraine war 
The ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine, which was launched on 24 February 2022, together with the 
imposition of sanctions and export controls against Russia and Russian interests by a number of 
countries including the European Union, has already had a significant impact on the European and 
global economy, with greater market volatility and significant increases in the prices of energy and 
natural gas.  
With the continuation of hostilities, various measures have been taken by European and other authorities 
of various countries to impose sanctions or restrictions involving operations in Ukraine, Russia and 
Belarus. The sanctions packages envisaged amendments to both Regulation (EU) no. 269/2014 
(containing subjective measures) and Regulation (EU) no. 833/2014 (containing subjective measures, 
financial restrictions and product restrictions). With regard to the international sanctions imposed on 
Russia, specific guidelines and safeguards have been developed to ensure the appropriate management 
of the risks underlying transactions with the countries involved and the application by all Group entities 
of the financial sanctions imposed by the competent authorities. In this context, the Issuer continued to 
provide operational instructions to Group entities for the management of transactions with Russia, 
Ukraine and Belarus, issuing various operational circulars during 2023 containing instructions 
concerning the information to be transmitted to the Financial Intelligence Unit (FIU) on frozen funds 
and economic resources of designated entities - pursuant to Regulation (EU) No. 426/2023, which falls 
within the scope of sanctions imposed in response to the war of aggression in Ukraine - and the 
expansion of notification obligations provided for in Regulation (EU) no. 833/2014, as amended by 
Regulation (EU) no. 2474/2022 of 16 December  2022.  
With regard to cybersecurity issues and those relating to energy supplies, no significant events were 
recorded for the Group, whose units, together with those of the companies involved (BCC Sistemi 
Informatici S.c.p.A. and BCC Sinergia S.p.A.), have continued the active monitoring of the evolution 
of these issues, continuing participation and information exchange with the national bodies responsible 
for monitoring IT risk and operational continuity for the financial sector (CERTFin and CODISE). 
Given the complexity of the geopolitical situation, it is not possible to predict exactly the broader 
consequences of the invasion, which could include further sanctions, export controls and embargoes, 
greater regional instability, geopolitical shifts and other adverse effects on macroeconomic conditions, 
currency exchange rates, supply chains (including the supply of fuel and gas from Russia) and financial

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
 
markets, all of which could, either directly or indirectly, have an adverse impact on the business, 
financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. However, no significant 
impacts are expected on the Issuer related to the Group's direct exposure to Russia and Ukraine.  
Operational Risks 
Operational risk is defined as the risk of suffering losses due to inadequacy or failure of processes, 
human resources and internal systems, or as a result of external events. Operational risk includes legal 
risk, which is the risk of losses deriving from breaches of laws or regulations, conduct risk, out-of-
contract liabilities or other disputes, ICT (Information and Communication Technology) risk, third-
party risks, fraud and business continuity issues. Strategic and reputational risks are not included.  
Omissions, mistakes, delays or interruptions by any supplier and, in general, any failure by them to 
comply with the minimum level of service required might cause adverse effects on the Issuer’s business. 
The Issuer has prepared a framework for operational risk management in order to identify, assess and 
measure, monitor, control and mitigate potential operational risk areas (e.g. operational loss events, risk 
factors, risk scenarios). 
Investors should be aware that the Issuer's risk management techniques and strategies may not be 
effective in mitigating its risk exposure in all economic market environments or against all types of 
risks (especially those due to potential exogenous factors such as external fraud), including risks that 
the Issuer fails to identify or anticipate. 
Liquidity risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk that the Issuer will be unable to meet its payment obligations due to its inability 
to secure funding or only being able to secure it at above-market costs (funding liquidity risk) or to the 
possibility of incurring capital losses on the sale of assets (market liquidity risk). 
Liquidity risk is identified and monitored using the operational and structural maturity ladder (in order 
to identify possible negative liquidity gaps in relation to specified maturity structure) and the overall 
liquidity indicator system (RAS, risk limits, contingencies, and additional metrics), designed to quickly 
identify potential strains. 
During the course of 2023, the Group's liquidity position remained within the risk limits set under both 
internal rules and external regulations. The RAS liquidity coverage ratio (LCR) and net stable funding 
ratio (NSFR) were within their target ranges at values far above the risk appetite thresholds set when 
preparing the financial plan, with an increase as at 31 December 2023 since 30 June of the same year 
on the LCR indicator from 257% to 265% and an increase on the NSFR indicator from 148% to 157%. 
Liquidity buffers at 31 December 2023 totalled around Euro 40.1 billion, about 93% of High Quality 
Liquid Assets (“HQLA”) unencumbered was in Italian government securities. In terms of structural 
liquidity, the regulatory NSFR pointed to adequate levels of stable funding to cover the financing needs 
generated by the various forms of commercial lending and investment in the financial portfolio. 
The Issuer constantly monitors its own and the Group’s liquidity and funding risks. However, there can 
be no assurance that any negative developments in the conditions of the markets, in the general 
economic environment and/or in the Issuer's credit standing, combined with the need to align the Issuer's 
liquidity and funding position to regulatory requirements, would not have a negative impact on the 
business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer and/or the Group. 
ESG risk and reputational risk

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
 
Financial institutions are facing increased scrutiny on climate and broader environmental, social and 
governance (“ESG”) related issues from governments, regulators, shareholders and other bodies. In the 
last few years, not only has the ESG scope become more and more central in business plans and in 
investment decisions, but it has also driven the regulatory reform process with the introduction of 
supervisory expectations on the integration of climate-related and environmental risks in business 
systems and the design of specific disclosure obligations in sustainability reporting. The Issuer is 
required to review and enhance its ESG risk management frameworks in alignment with emerging 
regulatory guidance and to ensure that it accurately portrays the ESG aspects of its activities.  
Prospective investors should evaluate, in addition to so-called “traditional risks”, the Issuer’s exposure 
to climate and environmental risks. These risks can be grouped into two main categories: physical risk 
and transition risk. 
Physical risk refers to the impact (including financial) resulting from climate change, including more 
frequent extreme weather events and gradual climate changes. Physical risk is classified as "acute" if it 
is caused by extreme events such as droughts, floods, and storms, and "chronic" if is caused by 
progressive changes such as rising temperatures, sea level rise, habitat destruction, and resource scarcity. 
Such risk can directly affect the Issuer and lead to, for example, material damage or a drop in 
productivity, or indirectly lead to subsequent events such as the disruption of supply chains. 
Transition risk refers to the impact (including financial) that an entity may incur, directly or indirectly, 
as a result of the adjustment process towards a low-carbon and more sustainable economy. This also 
relates to the impacts and dependencies that certain sectors may have on the management of water 
resources, waste, pollution and biodiversity. 
Against the backdrop of a strongly and quickly changing regulatory scenario and given the growing 
importance of climate and environmental risks, the Group has defined, as part of the evolutionary 
process initiated to integrate ESG factors into business processes, an intense project program aimed at 
achieving, on the one hand, alignment with the relevant regulatory framework (including supervisory 
expectations and other related regulatory documents) and, on the other, evolving its strategic positioning 
(the “Action Plan”).  
Specifically, the Group, as part of this Action Plan, has initiated and is carrying out i) initiatives related 
to the progressive adaptation to the 13 Supervisory Expectations on climate and environmental risks 
including improvement and evolutions of the involved processes, ii) project activities that aim at the 
Group's adaptation to the regulations related to investment services (e.g. SFDR, MiFID) with the aim 
of strengthening market disclosure, iii) initiatives aimed at updating of investment product governance 
rules and integrating clients' sustainability preferences in the assessment of investment adequacy, iv) 
project initiatives aimed at achieving the Group's compliance with recent and relevant regulations such 
as the Directive (EU) 2022/2464 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 December 2022 
(the “Corporate Sustainability Reporting Directive”), and contributing to the evolution of the 
Group's strategic positioning for instance through the preparation of task force on climate-related 
financial disclosures (“TCFD”) reporting. Finally, there are strategic initiatives (the so-called 
“Sustainability Plan”), which are integral to the Action Plan and include the measurement of social 
impact produced. 
Even though the Issuer is working on the identification of the potential impact of, and the mitigation 
action to be taken to address both transition and physical risks, climate change could nonetheless have 
a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. Furthermore,

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
 
both rapidly changing regulatory as well as stakeholder demands, combined with significant focus by 
stakeholders, may materially affect the Issuer’s businesses if it fails to adopt such demands or 
appropriately implement its strategic plans. 
Moreover, prospective investor shall take into consideration that the focus on ESG may lead also to 
reputational risks if the Issuer is not perceived to support the transition to a lower carbon economy, as 
well as to protect biodiversity and human rights.  Reputational risk is the current or prospective risk of 
a decline in profits resulting from a negative perception of the Group's image by customers, 
counterparties, shareholders, investors, or regulatory authorities. While ESG risks include all risks 
arising from potential negative impacts, direct or indirect, on the environment, people and communities 
and more generally all stakeholders, in addition to those arising from corporate governance. Within this 
category of risk, climate change risk is of significant relevance. 
3. Risks related to the legal and regulatory framework  
The Issuer is subject to capital requirements that could limit its operations  
The Issuer, as group head company (capogruppo) of the Group, is subject to capital adequacy guidance 
adopted by the ECB, which provides for a minimum ratio of total capital expressed as a percentage of 
risk adjusted assets on a consolidated basis. The capital buffer, as provided by the guidance, must be 
maintained in the form of Common Equity Tier I capital. The Issuer's failure to maintain its ratios would 
not constitute a breach of the minimum prudential requirements; however, the Issuer might be subject 
to restrictions upon maximum distributable amounts.  
Basel III and Bank Capital Adequacy  
The Issuer must comply with the revised global regulatory standards ("Basel III") on bank capital 
adequacy and liquidity, which impose requirements for, inter alia, higher and better-quality capital, 
better risk coverage, measures to promote the build-up of capital that can be drawn down in periods of 
stress and the introduction of a leverage ratio as a backstop to the risk-based requirement as well as two 
global liquidity standards. In terms of banking prudential regulations, the Issuer is also subject to the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive 2014/59/EU of 15 May 2014 ("BRRD", implemented in Italy 
with the Legislative Decree. 180 and 181 of 16 November 2015) on the recovery and resolution of credit 
institutions, as well as the relevant technical standards and guidelines from EU regulatory bodies (for 
example the European Banking Authority ("EBA") and the European Securities and Markets Authority 
("ESMA")), which, inter alia, provide for capital requirements for credit institutions, recovery and 
resolution mechanisms. 
Should the Issuer not be able to implement the approach to capital requirements it considers optimal in 
order to meet the capital requirements imposed by the applicable laws and regulations, it may be 
required to maintain levels of capital which could potentially impact its credit ratings and funding 
conditions. 
The Basel III framework has been implemented in the EU through new banking requirements: Directive 
2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on access to the activity of 
credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and investment firms (the "CRD 
IV Directive") and the Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013, as amended (the "CRR", together with the CRD 
IV Directive, the "CRD IV Package"), subsequently updated by the Regulation No. 2019/876 (the 
“CRR II”) and Directive (EU) 2019/878 (the “CRD V”, and together with the CRR II, the "Banking 
Reform Package". In addition to the capital requirements under CRD IV Directive, the BRRD

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
 
introduces requirements for banks to maintain at all times a minimum requirement of own funds and 
eligible liabilities (the "Minimum Requirement for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities" or 
"MREL").  
The Banking Reform Package also contains Directive (EU) 2019/879 ("BRRD II"), which amended 
the BRRD, introducing, inter alia, significant changes to the standards regarding the calibration of the 
MREL requirement for banks that are systematically relevant and redefining the scope of the MREL 
itself. The MREL requirement constrains the Group structure of liabilities and it requires the use of 
subordinated instruments, in the sense of eligible liabilities, which may impact the costs structure of the 
Group and potentially the Issuer's financing ability. Prospective Noteholders should note that the 
resolution strategy and the MREL requirement is currently under discussion with the competent 
Authority. 
Furthermore, it should be noted that EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR) and EU Directive 
2024/1619 (amending CRD IV Directive) were published in the Official Journal of the European Union 
on 19 June 2024 and entered into force on 9 July 2024. EU Regulation 2024/1623 shall apply from 1st 
January 2025 (with some exceptions). As for EU Directive 2024/1619, Member States will need to 
adopt and publish, by 10 January 2026, the laws, regulations and administrative provisions necessary 
to comply with CRD VI Directive and shall apply those measures from 11 January 2026 (with some 
exceptions). 
Changes in the regulatory framework and prudential capital requirements - including the recent 
publication of EU Regulation 2024/1623 (amending CRR) and EU Directive 2024/1619 (amending 
CRD IV Directive) – and in how such regulatory framework is interpreted and/or (where applicable) 
transposed into the national legal/regulatory framework, and/or applied by the supervisory authorities, 
may have a material effect on the Issuer and the Group and on the Notes. The manner in which the new 
framework of banking laws and regulations will be applied to the operations of financial institutions is 
still evolving and uncertain. No assurance can be given that laws and regulations will be adopted, 
enforced or interpreted in a manner that will not have an adverse effect on the operational results and 
the economic and financial situation of the Issuer. 
Risk related to the European Central Bank inspections at the Issuer and the outcomes of the Supervisory 
Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) 
Based on the new harmonised framework for supervisory review and evaluation implemented by the 
ECB and following completion of the annual supervisory review and evaluation process ("SREP") 
carried out on the Issuer pursuant to Article 4(1)(f) of Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013, the 
ECB notified the Issuer of its SREP decision on 30 November 2023 setting out the prudential 
requirements to be maintained at the consolidated level for 2024.  
With this decision, which replaces the SREP decision notified to the Issuer on 14 December 2022 that 
was applied in 2023, the supervisory authorities established consolidated own funds requirements for 
2024 as: 
• 
an additional Pillar 2 requirement (P2R) of 2.53% (of which 3 bps for the NPE P2R, which could 
be lowered by the end of the year subject to certain conditions), of which a minimum of 56.25% 
to be held in the form of Common Equity Tier 1, (CET1) and 75% in the form of Tier 1 capital; 
and  
• 
a recommendation for Pillar 2 Guidance (P2G) of 1.25%, which should consist entirely of 
Common Equity Tier 1 capital and held in addition to the Overall Capital Requirement (OCR).

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
 
For 2024, the Issuer (as group head company of the Iccrea BCC Group) is required to meet the following 
capital ratios at consolidated level and in term of Total Capital Ratios:  
• 
Total SREP Capital Requirement of 10.53%;  
• 
an OCR equal to 13.155%, including the O-SII Buffer (Other Systematically Important 
Institutions Buffer) of 0.125%; and 
• 
a Target Requirement (including P2G) of 14.405%,  
while no specific requirements are imposed on the individual level. 
Evolution of banking prudential regulation  
The banking and financial regulatory framework to which the Group is subject is extremely stringent 
and detailed and the Issuer is subject to the supervision by the competent supervisory authorities, 
including ECB, Bank of Italy and CONSOB. In addition, the regulatory framework and supervision 
activity are subject to ongoing changes in the law and ongoing developments. 
Failure to observe any of the legal and regulatory provisions currently in force or any changes relating 
to the interpretation of the applicable legislation by the competent authorities could negatively impact 
the operating results and capital and financial position of Iccrea. 
Risks connected with ordinary and extraordinary contributions to funds established under the scope of 
the banking crisis rules  
The Group must comply with the contribution obligations required by legislation concerning bank 
resolution. Upon the occurrence of an increase in the ordinary contributions requested to the Group 
companies, the profitability of the Group would decrease and the level of capital resources of the Issuer 
and the Group would be adversely affected; should extraordinary contributions be requested to the 
Group, this could have a negative impact, even significant, on the Group's balance sheet and financial 
results. 
Following the crisis that affected many financial institutions from 2008, various risk-reducing measures 
have been introduced, both at European level and at individual Member State level. Their 
implementation involves significant outlays by individual financial institutions in support of the overall 
banking system. 
Ordinary contribution obligations reduce profitability and have a negative impact on the Group's capital 
resources. It is not possible to rule out that the level of ordinary contributions required from the Group 
will increase in the future in relation to the development of the amount related to protected deposits 
and/or the risk relating to the Group compared with the total number of banks committed to paying said 
contributions. 
In addition, it is not possible to rule out that, even in future, as a result of events that cannot be controlled 
or predetermined, the Deposit Guarantee Scheme (including the National Guarantee Fund and the 
Fondo di Garanzia dei depositanti del Credito Cooperativo), the Single Resolution Fund and the 
National Resolution Fund, do not find themselves in a situation of having to ask for more, new 
extraordinary contributions. This would involve the need to record further extraordinary expenses with 
impacts, including significant ones, on the capital and financial position of the Issuer. 
Risks arising from the reform of the Cooperative Credit Banks (BCC)  
The Issuer is (pursuant to the applicable legislation) the group head company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea 
cooperating banking group which, in addition to certain subsidiaries of the Issuer, comprises (as of the 
date of this Base Prospectus) 114 BCCs.

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official Gazette of the 
Italian Republic (as subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law no. 49/2016) (the "BCC 
Reform Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures for Italy's cooperative credit 
banks. As described in the risk factor below, the Group has recently undergone a corporate 
reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law and the Issuer has become group head company 
(capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group 
(Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea). For further information, please see the section "The Issuer". 
The BCC Reform Law requires cooperative banks (as an alternative to becoming a company limited by 
shares (società per azioni) and meeting certain other requirements) to be part of a cooperative banking 
group whose group head company has net assets (patrimonio netto) of at least Euro 1 billion, as a 
prerequisite for obtaining authorisation from the Bank of Italy to carry out banking securities in the 
form of a cooperative credit bank. 
The BCC Reform Law provides that the group head company shall manage and coordinate the activities 
of the group pursuant to an agreement called a "cohesion contract" (contratto di coesione). Such 
agreement, among other things, regulates the powers of the group head company and contains an inter-
group financial support mechanism committing reciprocally any participating cooperative bank, both 
vertically (as between each cooperative bank and the group head company) and horizontally (as between 
each cooperative bank in the group).  
 The liability sharing mechanism has the dual purpose of: (i) jointly guaranteeing the obligations of any 
cooperative bank in the group in its dealings with a third party (external guarantee) and (ii) providing 
financial support mechanisms for the solvency and liquidity of the participating cooperative banks 
(intra-group financial support mechanism). For further information regarding such cross guarantee 
mechanism in relation to the Group, see the risk factor "Risks arising out of the guarantee mechanism 
in the Cohesion Contract". 
The purpose of the intra-group financial support mechanism is to mobilise capital and liquidity within 
the group in order to be compliant with the regulatory requirements and to satisfy the demands of the 
supervisory authority avoiding the need to resort to crisis management procedures beyond the 
cooperative banking group. The mechanism, for the benefit of the cooperative bank ensures that their 
funding needs are met at all times.  
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, at least 60% of the group head company's capital must be held by 
the cooperative banks belonging to the group. The remainder of its share capital may be held by 
equivalent entities (e.g. European banking cooperative groups and foundations (fondazioni)) or via the 
capital markets.  
In the case of the Issuer, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 97.75% of its shares are held by 114 
BCCs together with Raiffeisen Landesbank Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto Adige and certain other 
banks. The remaining portion is owned by certain other entities permitted by the BCC Reform Law. 
For further information, please see the section "The Issuer". 
The Issuer, as group head company, may subscribe "financing shares" (azioni di finanziamento) issued 
by a BCC pursuant to Article 2526 of the Civil Code and therefore help to strengthen the capital 
structure of the cooperative bank generally, as well as in situations where the cooperative bank is 
insufficiently capitalised or subject to extraordinary administration (amministrazione straordinaria).

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
 
Prospective Noteholders should be aware that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the provisions of 
the BCC Reform Law and the implementing regulations of the Bank of Italy in Circular No. 285 of 17 
December 2013 (as amended on 2 November 2016) have not yet been tested judicially or by established 
market practice. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict with certainty the full impact of this legislative 
reform on the Issuer and its business and, while senior management of the Issuer believes such 
legislation to be a positive development for the Group, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential 
impact on the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on the 
market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
The reforms described above are part of an ongoing process of consolidation of the Italian banking 
sector brought about, in part, from the implementation of European Directives aiming to liberalise and 
deregulate the banking sector in the European Union, and in particular in Italy, significantly increasing 
competitive pressure. In the event that the Group is not able to respond to such competition by, amongst 
other things, providing innovative and profitable products and services to meet the needs of clients, the 
Group could lose market share in the sectors in which it operates. In addition, as a result of such 
competition, the Group may fail to maintain or increase business volumes and profit levels that have 
been achieved in the past, resulting in adverse effects on the Group's results of operations, business and 
financial condition. 
Risk arising from the reorganisation and rationalisation of the Group pursuant to the BCC Reform Law  
The Issuer has undergone a substantial corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law.  
On 1 June 2016 the Bank of Italy authorised pursuant to Article 57 of the Consolidated Banking Act 
the reverse merger by incorporation of ICCREA Holding S.p.A. into the Issuer. This reverse merger 
was carried out to allow the members of the group to comply with provisions of the BCC Reform Law. 
The Issuer had prior to such merger and, as at the date of this Base Prospectus has, net assets (patrimonio 
netto) in excess of Euro 1.5 billion and, accordingly, meets the required threshold contained in the BCC 
Reform Law. Such reorganisation was approved by the board of directors of the Issuer on 26 February 
2016, by the shareholders in an Extraordinary General Meeting of the Issuer held on 12 July 2016 and 
formalised by a merger deed between the Issuer and ICCREA Holding S.p.A. dated 15 September 2016. 
As a consequence of such merger, effective as of 1 October 2016, the Issuer is now the head group 
company of the Group. The reverse merger was carried out in order to strengthen the Issuer's group as 
a whole and in particular from a corporate and regulatory standpoint. 
In order to satisfy the objectives outlined within the BCC Reform Law, the Issuer held meetings with 
local federations of the BCCs and set out a schedule of project activities, which are currently underway. 
Such activities are being carried out by committees, working groups and project management teams 
comprising staff from the Issuer, the BCCs and representatives of the BCCs’ federations. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of head of the group, and 
sent to the European Central Bank ("ECB") and the Bank of Italy its request to establish the Iccrea 
cooperative banking group, to which would adhere 142 BCCs and the establishment of the Group was 
authorised by the ECB on 24 July 2018.  
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved amendments to its by-laws, to bring 
them in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group pursuant to the BCC Reform 
Law, and to increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, from Euro 1.15 billion to Euro 1.4 
billion.

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
 
On 4 March 2019 the ECB gave final approval to the establishment of the Group, which was then 
formally registered in the Italian register of banking groups (Albo dei Gruppi Bancari) by the Bank of 
Italy.  
No guarantee can be given that the impact of the reorganisation of the Group will strengthen the same. 
Any failure of the implementation of the objectives pursuant to the Group's corporate reorganisation 
may have an adverse effect on the results of the Issuer's operations, business and financial condition 
and, consequently, on the market value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under 
the Notes. 
Risks arising out of the guarantee mechanism in the Cohesion Contract  
In January 2019, the Issuer and 142 BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion Contract") 
in accordance with the BCC Reform Law as described in more detail in the section "The Issuer– Recent 
Events".  
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism governed by 
Italian law which pursuant to Circular No. 285 has been created also to meet the requirements for a 
"cross guarantee scheme" as defined in the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee Scheme"). In particular: 
• 
the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. In turn, each 
BCC cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will support the obligations of the 
Issuer and all other BCCs;  
• 
the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and the 
individual BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the Issuer;  
• 
in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and the guidelines 
of the Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the BCCs have put in place 
arrangements to ensure the prompt provision of financial means in terms of capital and liquidity if 
required. In particular, the Issuer and the BCCs have committed funds readily available to them 
which may be applied by the Issuer in its discretion and as it determines, in order to meet the 
obligations of the Issuer and the BCCs, thereby providing inter-group financial support; and 
• 
the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of which, in 
the case of the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with the Issuer plus a quota 
that can be called by the Issuer on demand if needed. 
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so its 
provision is an unavoidable condition. Prospective Noteholders should be aware, therefore, of the risk 
that the Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, if necessary, its 
own assets to provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance of the cross-guarantee 
obligations.  
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels for the Issuer's and BCCs' joint and 
several liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital resource of the 
Issuer and the individual BCCs (as the case may be).  
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial support 
mechanism within which the participating banks provide each other with financial support to ensure 
solvency and liquidity (particularly for the purpose of their compliance with the prudential requirements 
and requirements of the supervisory authority) and to avoid, where necessary, submission to resolution

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
procedures pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or to compulsory administrative liquidation 
procedures pursuant to art. 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
The Cross Guarantee Scheme contained in the Cohesion Contract means that the Issuer has exposure to 
the liabilities of any BCC that defaults on its creditors. Any such default may result in an adverse effect 
on the Issuer's results of operations, business and financial condition.  
Risks connected with breaches of the Cohesion Contract  
Any breach of the Cohesion Contract by the Issuer or by one or more BCCs might have an impact on 
the Group as a whole.  
The Cohesion Contract describes certain penalties, which vary according to the seriousness of the 
infringement, that may be applied by the Issuer in the event of breach of its directions, as well as other 
contractual obligations.   
In such regard, the Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer certain powers including the following:  
• 
to change the structure and operation of the individual Group BCC; 
• 
to restrict new transactions by suspending the taking of new risk; 
• 
to restrict the individual BCC's geographical reach; and 
• 
(in the most serious cases) to exclude an individual Group BCC from the Group. 
In case of breach of the Cohesion Contract, no guarantee can be given regarding its potential impact on 
the Group's results of operations, business and financial condition and, consequently, on the market 
value of the Notes and the Issuer's ability to meet its obligations under the Notes. 
 
Risks relating to the Notes 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories: 
 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes; 
2. Risks related to the Notes generally; and 
3. Risks related to the market generally. 
 
Category 1 (Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes) contains two further sub-
categories: (a) Risks related to Senior Notes and (b) Risks related to Subordinated Notes. 
 
1. Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features 
which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of the most common 
features: 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when 
the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
 
than the interest rate on the Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest 
the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in the light of other investments available at that time. 
Redemption for tax reasons 
In the event that the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect of any Notes 
due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments 
or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on 
behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision thereof or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, the Issuer may redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with the Conditions. 
In such circumstances an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a comparable 
security at an effective interest rate as high as that of the relevant Notes. 
Redemption for regulatory reasons 
If the relevant Final Terms specify that Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 
10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes is 
applicable, the Issuer may also, at its option, redeem Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event 
in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
for regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. To the extent required 
by the Applicable Banking Regulations, any redemption of the Subordinated Notes shall be subject to 
the prior approval of the Bank of Italy, as further set out in Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable. 
CMS Linked Interest Notes 
The Issuer may issue Notes with interest determined by reference to the CMS Rate (a "relevant 
factor"). Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
the relevant factor may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes 
in interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(iv) 
if the relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or 
contains any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on interest 
payable is likely to be magnified; and 
(v) 
the timing of changes in the relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the 
average level is consistent with their expectations.

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
 
Fixed Rate Notes 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risks that substantial changes in market interest rates 
adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Floating Rate Notes 
Where the reference rate used to calculate the applicable interest rate turns negative, the interest rate 
will be below the margin, if any, or may be zero. Accordingly, where the rate of interest is equal to zero, 
the holders of such Floating Rate Notes may not be entitled to interest payments for certain or all interest 
periods. 
Variable rate Notes with a multiplier or other leverage factor 
Notes with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include multipliers 
or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or other similar related 
features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for securities that do not include 
those features. 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes 
Inverse Floating Rate Notes have an interest rate equal to a fixed rate minus a rate based upon a 
reference rate. The market values of those Notes typically are more volatile than market values of other 
conventional floating rate debt securities based on the same reference rate (and with otherwise 
comparable terms). Inverse Floating Rate Notes are more volatile because an increase in the reference 
rate not only decreases the interest rate of the Notes, but may also reflect an increase in prevailing 
interest rates, which further adversely affects the market value of these Notes. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed 
rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer's ability to convert the interest 
rate will affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected 
to convert the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts 
from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable 
than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In 
addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer 
converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on 
its Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the 
interest payment on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset 
Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest 
Commencement Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second 
Reset Date (if applicable) and each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be 
reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date (each 
such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for 
any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest 
for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in the Reset Notes.

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
 
Notes issued at a substantial discount or premium 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount 
tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional 
interest-bearing securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the 
price volatility as compared to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Certain benchmark rates including EURIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the future  
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be 
"benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and 
proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional 
provisions, to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use 
of a benchmark, within the EU. The Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks 
Regulation") applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and 
the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any Notes linked to EURIBOR or another 
benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed 
in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, 
and such changes could (amongst other things) have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or 
level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of the benchmark. More broadly, any of 
the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting 
of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  Such factors may have the 
effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to certain 
"benchmarks," trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain "benchmarks" or lead to 
the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain "benchmarks".  
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of 
a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in 
a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13 September 2018, the working 
group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") as the new risk-free 
rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it 
remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further 
reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be 
supported going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past 
and may have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without 
limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market participants from 
continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms 
or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on 
any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark.

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes provide that, if the Issuer determines that a Benchmark Event 
(as defined in the Conditions) has occurred (including, but not limited to, a Reference Rate (as defined 
in the Conditions) ceasing to be provided or upon a material change of a Reference Rate if applicable), 
such an event may be deemed to have occurred prior to the issue date of a Series of Notes and the Issuer 
shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser for the purposes of determining a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate (as further described in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, in Condition 
8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes) and, if applicable, an Adjustment Spread. Please refer to Condition 2 (Definitions 
and Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes for the full definition of a Benchmark Event.  
In certain circumstances, including but not limited to where (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an 
Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate 
or, failing which, an Alternative Rate, or where (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms) amendments 
to the terms of the Notes in accordance with Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, with Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and with 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event or a MREL Disqualification Event (as applicable) or 
(in the case of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes only) would result in the Relevant 
Authority treating an Interest Payment Date as the effective maturity date of the Notes, rather than the 
relevant Maturity Date, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) may result in the Reference Rate applicable to the 
immediate following Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) being the Reference Rate applicable 
as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the Reference Rate may be the Reference Rate applicable to the first Interest Period. This may result in 
effective application of a fixed rate of interest for Notes initially designated to be Floating Rate Notes 
or Reset Notes (as applicable). In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of 
Successor Rates and Alternative Reference Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
The use of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Benchmark Rate may result in interest payments that are 
substantially lower than or that do not otherwise correlate over time with the payments that could have 
been made on the Notes if the relevant benchmark remained available in its current form. In addition, 
while any Adjustment Spread may be expected to be designed to eliminate or minimise any potential 
transfer of value between counterparties, the application of the Adjustment Spread to the Notes may not 
do so and may result in the Notes performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest 
rate) than they would do if the Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks or any of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any 
investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
(a) Risk relating to Senior Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") came into 
force introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 as 
amended (the "Consolidated Banking Law"), including the possibility for banks and companies

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
 
belonging to banking groups to issue senior non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-
preferred securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such 
derivative securities; 
(iii) the minimum denomination is at least equal to Euro 150,000 (as amended by Italian Legislative 
Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021); 
(iv) 
may be offered only to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, 
letter a), of the Consolidated Finance Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter 
b) of Regulation No. 11971/1999 and Article 35, paragraph 1(d) of CONSOB Regulation No. 
20307 of 15 February 2018; 
(v) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities 
expressly provide that payment of interest and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof 
are subject to the provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law, in case an issuer 
of senior non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta 
amministrativa), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of payment (A) 
after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), including claims arising from the excluded 
liabilities within the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR, (B) at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their 
terms to rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present 
or future claims ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the 
shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law also provides that: 
A. the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law 
shall apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does 
not comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the 
invalidity of the entire agreement; 
B. the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the 
requirements described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (v) above are not complied with and that any 
different contractual provision is null and void; and 
C. the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of 
the issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of 
Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law was recently enacted 
and that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions 
has been issued by any Italian court or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been 
issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official 
interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the future by the Bank of Italy or any different 
authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as at the date of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain 
obligations 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation which may be 
enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to 
meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a 
result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be higher than the risk associated with 
preferred senior debt (such as Senior Preferred Notes) and other senior liabilities (such as wholesale 
deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior 
Preferred Notes which are not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an 
investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become 
insolvent.  
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments  
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks 
associated with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their 
approaches, and the value of such securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more 
familiar with them. It is possible that, over time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred 
securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be lower than those expected by investors at the 
time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, investors may incur losses in respect of their 
investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, 
section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing regulation 
which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible 
liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory 
practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a 
confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is the Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 
91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant implementing 
regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as 
eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can 
be no representation that this is or will remain the case during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes.  
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to a MREL Disqualification 
Event redemption 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes are intended to be eligible liabilities available 
to meet the MREL Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). However, there is uncertainty regarding 
the final substance of the applicable MREL Requirements, and the Issuer cannot provide any assurance 
that the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes will be or remain eligible for the 
purposes of the MREL Requirements. Any changes to MREL under the European Commission's

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
 
combined legislative proposal may be more restrictive than the EC Proposals (as defined in the 
Conditions). 
If Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are not eligible for the purposes of the MREL 
Requirements (or if they initially are compliant with the MREL Requirements and subsequently become 
ineligible due to a change in the relevant final regulations implementing the MREL requirements), then 
an MREL Disqualification Event will occur.  
In this respect, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be), and the applicable 
Final Terms for the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of such Series specify that 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is applicable, the Issuer may redeem all, but not part, 
of the Notes of such Series at the price set out in the applicable Final Terms together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer subject to (to the extent that the Relevant Authority 
so requires at the time of the proposed redemption) the Issuer having given such notice to the Relevant 
Authority as the Relevant Authority may then require prior to such redemption and no objection thereto 
has been raised by the Relevant Authority or (if required) the Relevant Authority has provided its 
consent thereto and any other requirements of the Relevant Authority applicable (if any) to such 
redemption at the time have been complied with by the Issuer (including, with reference to Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, with respect to Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority at the relevant time). A MREL Disqualification Event shall be 
deemed to have occurred if, by reason of a change in the MREL Requirements as implemented in Italian 
law and regulations and/or EU regulations, as the case may be, which was not reasonably foreseeable 
by the Issuer at the Issue Date of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the eligible liabilities available to meet 
the MREL Requirements. The implementation of the minimum requirements for eligible liabilities 
under the BRRD is subject to the implementation of the EC Proposals (as defined in the Conditions) in 
the EU and in Italy. 
If the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no 
assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that 
will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. In addition, the occurrence of a MREL Disqualification Event could result in a decrease 
in the market price of the Notes. See also "Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer" above. 
Early redemption and repurchase of the Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may 
be restricted 
Any redemption and repurchase of the Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall be subject, 
where applicable, to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such redemption or repurchase 
prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at the relevant time (including any requirements applicable 
to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes at such time as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL Requirements); and (ii) in case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any regulatory authority at the relevant time. 
In addition, under the EU Banking Reform, the Issuer shall obtain, where applicable, the prior 
permission of the regulatory authority to reduce, call, redeem, repay or repurchase Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes which qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet MREL Requirements. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the regulatory authority would approve the reduction, call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes where any of 
the following conditions is met in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR:

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
 
(i) on or before such redemption or repurchase of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
the Issuer replaces the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes with own funds instruments 
or eligible liabilities of an equal or higher quality on terms that are sustainable for the income 
capacity of the relevant Issuer; 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority that its own funds and 
eligible liabilities would, following such redemption or repurchase, exceed the requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities set out in the CRD V Directive or the BRRD (or, in either 
case, any relevant provisions of Italian law implementing the CRD V Directive or, as 
appropriate, the BRRD) or the CRR Regulation by a margin that the regulatory authority 
considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the regulatory authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the eligible liabilities with own funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the own funds requirements laid down in the CRR and in the CRD V Directive 
for continuing authorisation. 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and modification 
without Noteholders' consent 
If (i) at any time a MREL Disqualification Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated 
as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs and is continuing in relation to 
any Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (ii) in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 23 (Contractual 
recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and 
receiving any consent required from, the Relevant Authority, if so required, (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Holders of the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of that Series), elect (i) in the case of English Law Notes in Physical Form, either to substitute all (but 
not only some) of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes or modify the terms of 
all (but not only some) such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they remain 
or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (ii) in 
the case of Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (iii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
modify the terms of all (but not only some) of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, provided that such variation or substitution does not of itself give rise to any right of 
the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes and Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable, are 
securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 23 (Contractual recognition 
of bail-in powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, have terms not materially 
less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing) than the terms of the relevant 
Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance can be 
given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In addition,

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
 
the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied notes could be different for 
some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of holding the notes 
prior to such substitution or variation. 
(b) Risk relating to Subordinated Notes 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes are subordinated 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated, it will be required to pay the holders of 
senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) in full before 
it can make any payments on the Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough 
assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under the Subordinated Notes and/or 
payments to Noteholders may be delayed with respect to payments made to holders of senior debt and/or 
other creditors.  
In addition, in case of application of the bail-in tool and of activation of the point of non-viability 
mechanism provided for by the BRRD (as defined above), the Subordinated Notes may be written down, 
up to zero, or converted to equity. Please see further "Changes in regulatory framework and accounting 
policies" above. 
The Issuer's obligations under Subordinated Notes will be unsecured and subordinated and will rank 
junior in priority to the claims of unsubordinated, unsecured creditors (including depositors) of the 
Issuer. Although Subordinated Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable notes which are 
not subordinated, there is a real risk that an investor in Subordinated Notes will lose all or some of its 
investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD 
II") in Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian 
legislation Article 48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis), letter c-ter) of the Consolidated 
Banking Law. Such provisions state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds 
item, the whole instrument shall be treated in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item 
and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument 
is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be treated as a claim resulting from an own 
funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking with respect to any claim that 
results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes).  
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds 
items in the future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and 
(b) in the event of a liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to 
pay the holders of the Notes and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from 
liabilities that are no longer fully recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any 
payments on any other Subordinated Notes which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds 
instruments. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 6 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 6 (Status of Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes. 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
If any Subordinated Notes are issued under the Programme, the Issuer's intention is that they should 
qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for so long as this is permitted under the Applicable Banking 
Regulations. Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy does not require (or customarily provide

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
 
for) a confirmation prior to the issuance of Subordinated Notes that the Notes will be treated as such. 
There can be no guarantee that any such Subordinated Notes will continue to qualify as "Tier 2 Capital" 
during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be grandfathered under the implementation of further 
EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other reason cease to 
qualify, as "Tier 2 capital", the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the right 
to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 10(c) (Redemption for 
regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. During any period in 
which there is an actual or perceived increase in the likelihood that the Issuer may exercise such rights 
to redeem the Notes, the price of the Notes may be adversely impacted and may not rise above the 
redemption price. There can be no assurance that holders of such Subordinated Notes will be able to 
reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investments in the relevant Subordinated Notes. 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes without Noteholders' consent 
In relation to any series of Subordinated Notes, if the relevant Final Terms specify that Modification or 
Substitution of Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event or Variation for an Alignment 
Event is applicable, then the Issuer may in certain circumstances, elect (i) in the case of English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, either to substitute all (but not only some) of the Subordinated Notes or modify 
the terms of all (but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, modify the terms 
of all (but not only some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain, Qualifying 
Subordinated Notes, or (iii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, modify the terms of all (but not only 
some) of such Subordinated Notes so that they become or remain, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as 
applicable, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders to the extent that 
such modification or substitution is reasonably necessary to ensure that no Regulatory Event or Tax 
Event or Alignment Event would exist after such modification. Any such modification or substitution 
could have a material adverse effect on the price or value of any investment in any Notes. 
Qualifying Subordinated Notes, as applicable, are securities issued by the Issuer that, other than in 
respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in 
powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 23 
(Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, have terms not less favourable to the Noteholders (as certified 
by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing) than the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as applicable. However, no assurance 
can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. In 
addition, the tax and stamp duty consequences of holding such substituted or varied notes could be 
different for some categories of Noteholders from the tax and stamp duty consequences for them of 
holding the notes prior to such substitution or variation. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are governed by Italian law and 
Condition 22 (Governing Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes 
in Physical Form provides that contractual and non-contractual obligations arising out or in connection 
with them are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian Law, pursuant to EU and 
Italian private international law provisions as applicable from time to time. The Global Notes 
representing the Italian Law Notes provide that all contractual and non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian 
law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed by English law. 
Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 1995 (the "Italian Private International Law") provides that

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
 
other debt securities (titoli di credito) are governed by the law of the State in which the security was 
issued. The Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN or NGN 
form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are signed by the Issuer 
in the United Kingdom and are, thereafter, delivered to BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as Fiscal 
Agent, being the entity in charge of, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary 
Global Note and Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive 
Notes. 
The Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable to the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the laws applicable to their transfer 
and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and any disputes 
which may arise in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form on the basis of the above-mentioned provisions of Italian Private International Law and the 
relevant applicable European legislation. 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which, in certain circumstances, the 
holders of the Notes, may declare the Notes to be immediately due and repayable, are limited to 
circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to winding-up or an analogous event as set out in 
Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical 
Form, Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form and Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised 
Notes. Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer fails 
to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, the holders of the 
Notes will not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders 
for recovery of amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to 
enforce such payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of 
any such proceedings, be obliged to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have 
been payable by it. 
2. Risks related to the Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Waiver of set-off 
As specified in Condition 4 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 4 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 4 (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes in respect of Senior Preferred 
Notes, in Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 5 (Status of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes in respect of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes and in Condition 6 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 6 (Status of the Subordinated Notes) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 6 (Status of the Subordinated 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes in respect of Subordinated Notes, the 
holder of a Note will unconditionally and irrevocably waive any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, 
abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in 
respect of such Note.  
Taxation

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
 
The tax regime in the Republic of Italy and in any other relevant jurisdiction (including, without 
limitation, the jurisdiction in which each Noteholder is resident for tax purposes) may be relevant to the 
acquiring, holding and disposing of Notes and the receiving of payments of interest, principal and/or 
other income under the Notes. Prospective investors in the Notes should consult their own tax advisers 
as to which countries' tax laws could be relevant and the consequences of such actions under the tax 
laws of those countries. 
Risks related to the pending Italian tax reform 
Law 111/2023 delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the tax system. According to 
Law 111/2023, the tax reform may change significantly the taxation of financial incomes and capital 
gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels. The precise nature, 
extent, and impact of these amendments cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. 
The information provided in this Base Prospectus may not reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
Prospective investors should be aware that the amendments that may be introduced to the tax regime of 
financial incomes and capital gains could increase the taxation on interest, similar income and/or capital 
gains accrued or realised under the Notes and could result in a lower return of their investments. 
Change of law 
The Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form are based on English law in 
effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus, other than subordination and certain other provisions 
relating to Subordinated Notes, which are based on Italian law in effect as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  
The Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and the Terms and Conditions of 
the Dematerialised Notes are Italian law based in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
No assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law 
or administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Decisions at Noteholders' meetings bind all Noteholders 
Provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders are contained in the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form, in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, and 
in Schedule 1 to the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, as applicable, and are 
summarised in Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 17 (Meetings of 
Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and Substitution) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 16 (Meetings of Noteholders, Modification, Waiver and 
Substitution) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes. Noteholders' meetings may be 
called to consider matters affecting Noteholders' interests generally, including modifications to the 
terms and conditions relating to the Notes. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all 
Noteholders, including those who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting or who voted against 
the majority. Any such modification may have an adverse impact on Noteholders' rights and on the 
market value of the Notes. 
The Conditions also provide that the Notes, the Coupons of the Notes in Physical Form and the 
Conditions may be amended without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders of the Notes 
in Physical Form to correct a manifest error. In addition, pursuant to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 
8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Dematerialised Notes, certain changes may be made to the interest calculation provisions of the Notes

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
 
in the circumstances and as otherwise set out in such Condition, without the requirement for consent of 
the Noteholders. 
Because the Global Notes in respect of Notes in Physical Form are held by or on behalf of Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking, investors will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes in Physical Form issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. 
Such Global Notes will be deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors 
will not be entitled to receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream Banking will maintain 
records of the beneficial interests in the Global Notes. While the Notes in Physical Form are represented 
by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. While the Notes in Physical Form are represented by one or more 
Global Notes, the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes by making payments to 
the common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream Banking for distribution 
to their account holders. A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures 
of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking to receive payments under the relevant Notes in Physical Form. 
The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, 
beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Notes will not have 
a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only 
to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream Banking to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and Notes issued under 
the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other listing authority, 
stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Such 
Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, 
although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the 
Notes may have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Denominations and restrictions on exchange for Definitive Notes in respect of Notes in Physical 
Form  
Notes may in certain circumstances be issued in denominations including (i) a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, a 
minimum denomination of €150,000 (or its equivalent in another currency) or, in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, a minimum denomination of €200,000 (or its equivalent in another currency), or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time (the "Minimum 
Denomination") and (ii) an amount which is greater than the Minimum Denomination (or its 
equivalent) but which is an integral multiple of a smaller amount (such as €1,000). Where this occurs, 
Notes may be traded in amounts in excess of the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent) that are 
not integral multiples of the Minimum Denomination (or its equivalent). In such a case, a holder who 
as a result of trading such amounts, holds a principal amount of less than the Minimum Denomination 
will not receive a Definitive Note in respect of such holding (should Definitive Notes be printed) and 
would need to purchase a principal amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to an integral 
multiple of the Minimum Denomination. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
Other than the €5,000,000,000 limit with regard to the Notes issued under the Programme, the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness which 
the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
 
Issuer, the Notes will rank equally with other indebtedness of the Issuer having the same 
ranking and, accordingly, any increase in the amount of such indebtedness or higher ranking 
indebtedness of the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable by Noteholders. In 
addition, the Notes are unsecured and do not contain any restriction on the giving of security 
by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. Where security has been granted over 
assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the 
Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured indebtedness 
of the Issuer in respect of such assets. 
No physical document of title issued in respect of the Notes issued in dematerialised form 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued in dematerialised form and evidenced at any time 
through book entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation (as defined in the Terms and Conditions for the 
Dematerialised Notes). In no circumstance would physical documents of title be issued in respect of the 
Notes issued in dematerialised form. While the Notes are represented by book entries, investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Monte Titoli and the authorised financial 
intermediaries holding accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli. As the Notes are held 
in dematerialised form with Monte Titoli, investors will have to rely on the procedures of Monte Titoli 
and the financial intermediaries authorised to hold accounts therewith, for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer. 
Potential Conflicts of Interest for Dematerialised Notes 
The Issuer may act as Paying Agent and Calculation Agent for the Dematerialised Notes and a conflict 
of interest may arise being the Issuer engaged in its other banking activities from time to time and in 
transactions involving an index or related derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by 
Noteholders during the term and on the maturity of the Dematerialised Notes or the market price, 
liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be adverse to the interests of the 
Noteholders. (See also "Conflicts of Interest" below). 
Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or "Sustainability Bonds" may not be a 
suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green assets or social assets or sustainable 
assets 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme described 
as "green bonds" ("Green Bonds"), "social bonds" ("Social Bonds") and "sustainability bonds" 
("Sustainability Bonds") in accordance with the principles set out by the International Capital Market 
Association ("ICMA") (respectively, the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles 
("SBP") and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")).  
In such a case, prospective investors should have regard to the information set out at "Reasons for the 
Offer, estimated net proceeds and total expenses" in the applicable Final Terms and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in the Notes together 
with any other investigation such investors deem necessary, and must assess the suitability of that 
investment in light of their own circumstances. 
It should be noted that there is currently no clearly established definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) 
of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, respectively "green" or a "social" or a "sustainable" 
project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as "green" or 
"social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label.  
No assurance can be given that green or social or sustainable projects will meet investor expectations 
or requirements regarding such "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels (including in relation 
to the EU Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the proposed European

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
 
Green Bond Regulation, SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar 
legislation in the United Kingdom)  or any requirements of such labels as they may evolve from time 
to time. Any Green Bonds issued under the Programme may not be compliant with the proposed 
European Green Bond Regulation and are only intended to comply with the requirements and processes 
in the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework1. It is not clear if the establishment of 
the EuGB label and the optional disclosures regime for bonds issued as "environmentally sustainable" 
under the proposed European Green Bond Regulation could have an impact on investor demand for, 
and pricing of, green use of proceeds bonds that do not comply with the requirements of the EuGB label 
or the optional disclosures regime, such as the Green Bonds issued under this Programme. It could result 
in reduced liquidity or lower demand or could otherwise affect the market price of any Green Bonds 
issued under this Programme that do not comply with those standards proposed under the European 
Green Bond Regulation.  
No assurance is given that such use of proceeds will satisfy any present or future investment criteria or 
guidelines with which an investor is required, or intends, to comply, in particular with regard to any 
direct or indirect environment or sustainability impact of any project or uses, the subject of or related 
to the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework (including in relation to the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation and any related technical screening criteria, the EU Green Bond Regulation, 
SFDR, and any implementing legislation and guidelines, or any similar legislation in the United 
Kingdom). 
No assurance that any adverse green or social or sustainable and/or other impacts will not occur during 
the implementation of any green or social or sustainable project. The Issuer's Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework may be subject to review and change and may be amended, updated, 
supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent version(s) may differ 
from any description given in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond 
Framework does not form part of, nor is incorporated by reference, in this Base Prospectus. A basis for 
the determination of the definitions of """green"" and """sustainable"" has been established in the EU 
Taxonomy Regulation on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the 
"EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy") and the final social taxonomy report on transition activities for 
the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy, which was published by the Platform on Sustainable Finance 
on 28 February 2022. On 21 April 2021, the European Commission adopted the EU Taxonomy Climate 
Delegated Act, introducing a first set of technical screening criteria to be used to define which activities 
contribute to the following environmental objectives under the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy: 
climate change adaptation and climate change mitigation (the "Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act"). 
The Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act entered into force on 1 January 2022. On 10 March 2022, the 
EU Commission adopted the EU taxonomy Complementary Climate Delegated Act, covering certain 
nuclear and gas activities, which is expected to enter into force in the coming months. Furthermore, on 
6 April 2022, the European Commission adopted the Regulatory Technical Standards to SFDR, came 
into force in January 2023. Any further delegated act adopted by the EU Commission to implement the 
Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation or the Sustainable Finance Disclosure Regulation may result 
in a regular review of the relating screening criteria, with changes to the scope of activities and other 
amendments to reflect technological progress.  
In addition, on 18 June 2019, the Commission Technical Expert Group on sustainable finance published 
its final report on a future European standard for green bonds (the "EU Green Bond Standard"). In 
the context of the public consultation on the renewed sustainable finance strategy, the European 
Commission launched a targeted consultation on the establishment of an EU Green Bond Standard, that 
builds and consults on the work of the Commission Technical Expert Group, and has run between 12 
June and 2 October 2020. On 19 October 2020, the European Commission published the Commission 
Work Programme 2021, in which expressed the intention to deliver a legislative proposal by the end of 
 
1 For further information on the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, please visit the 
Issuer’s website at https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx.

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
 
the second quarter of 2021. On 6 July 2021, the European Commission officially adopted a legislative 
proposal for a EU Green Bond Standard setting out four main requirements: (i) allocation of the funds 
raised by the green bond should be made in compliance with the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy; 
(ii) full transparency on the allocation of the green bond proceeds; (iii) monitoring and compliance 
activities to be carried out by an external reviewer; and (iv) registration of external reviewers with the 
ESMA and subjection to its supervision. 
While it is the intention of the Issuer to allocate an amount equal to the proceeds of Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final 
Terms, there is no contractual obligation to do so.  There can be no assurance that any such social, green 
or sustainable project will be available or capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly, that the Issuer will be able 
to use the proceeds for such green, social or sustainable projects as intended. In addition, there can be 
no assurance that social, green or sustainable projects will be completed as expected or achieve the 
impacts or outcomes (environmental, social or otherwise) originally expected or anticipated. 
None of a failure by the Issuer to allocate the proceeds of any Notes issued as Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or a failure of a third party to issue (or to withdraw) an opinion or 
certification in connection with an issue of Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds or the 
failure of the Notes issued as Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds to meet investors' 
expectations requirements regarding any "green", "sustainable", "social" or similar labels will constitute 
an Event of Default or breach of contract with respect to any of the Notes issued as Social Bonds, Green 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds. Any such event or failure will also not (i) give rise to any claim of a 
Noteholder against the Issuer; (ii) lead to an obligation of the Issuer to redeem such Notes or be a 
relevant factor for the Issuer in determining whether or not to exercise any optional redemption rights 
in respect of any Notes; (iii) affect the qualification of such Notes as strumenti di debito chirografario 
di secondo livello, Tier 2 Capital or as eligible liabilities instruments (as applicable); (vi) have any 
impact on the status of the Notes as indicated in Condition 4 (Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 4 (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 4 
(Status of the Senior Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, 
Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes, Condition 6 (Status of the Senior 
Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form, 
Condition 6 (Status of the Senior Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 6 (Status of the Senior Subordinated Notes) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes; (v) prevent the applicability of the Bail-in Power; or (vi) 
constitute an Event of Default under the relevant Notes. 
The Issuer does not undertake to ensure that there are at any time sufficient social, green or sustainable 
projects to allow for allocation of a sum equal to the net proceeds of the issue of such Social Bonds, 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in full. 
Regardless of their """green"", ""social" or ""sustainable" or such other equivalent label, Green Bonds, 
Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Notes, will be fully subject to the application of 
CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities instruments 
(including the application of mandatory write-down or conversion to equity in the event a resolution 
procedure is initiated in respect of the Group (including the Issuer) and, with respect to Notes qualifying 
as Tier 2 Capital, even before the commencement of any such procedure if certain conditions are met), 
the Notes (or the proceeds thereof) will be available to absorb all losses (whether or not related to any 
""green", ""social" or ""sustainable" assets towards which proceeds of the relevant Notes may have 
been applied or, if relevant, reallocated) in accordance with their terms (if applicable) or the Applicable 
Banking Regulations and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
 
qualifying as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer. 
The fact that such Notes are designated as Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds does not 
provide their holders with any priority compared to other Notes and such Notes will be subject to the 
same risks relating to their level of subordination.  
Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds, as any other Bonds, will be fully subject to the 
application of CRR eligibility criteria and BRRD requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities 
instruments and, as such, proceeds from Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds qualifying 
as own funds or eligible liabilities should cover all losses in the balance sheet of the Issuer regardless 
of their "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label. 
The net proceeds of the issue of any Social Bonds, Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds which, from 
time to time, are not allocated as funding for social, green or sustainable projects are intended by the 
Issuer to be held pending allocation. For the avoidance of doubt, neither the proceeds of any Green 
Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds nor any amount equal to such proceeds will be segregated 
by the Issuer from its capital and other assets and payments of principal and interest (as the case may 
be) on the relevant Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds shall not depend on the 
performance of the relevant project nor have any preferred right against such assets. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any Second Party Opinion or any other opinion or 
certification of any third party relating to any Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds 
In connection with the issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and Sustainability Bonds, the Issuer may 
request a sustainability rating agency or sustainability consulting firm to issue a second-party opinion 
confirming that the relevant green and/or social and/or sustainable project, as the case may be have been 
defined in accordance with the broad categorisation of eligibility for green, social and sustainable 
projects set out in the GBP, the SBP and the SBG and/or a second-party opinion regarding the suitability 
of the Notes as an investment in connection with certain environmental, sustainability or social projects 
(any such second-party opinion, a "Second-party Opinion"). A Second-party Opinion may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed above 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes or the projects financed or refinanced toward an 
amount corresponding the net proceeds of the relevant issue of Green Bonds, Social Bonds and 
Sustainability Bonds. A Second-party Opinion would not constitute a recommendation to buy, sell or 
hold the relevant Green Bonds or Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds and would only be current as 
of the date it is released. The criteria and/or considerations that form the basis of any Second-party 
Opinion and any other such opinion or certification may change at any time and such Second-party 
Opinion may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced and/or withdrawn. Any withdrawal of any 
such opinion or certification may have a material adverse effect on the value of any Green Bonds, Social 
Bonds or Sustainability Bonds in respect of which such opinion or certification is given and /or result 
in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such 
opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein.   
No assurance that Green Bonds, Social Bonds or Sustainability Bonds will be admitted to trading on 
any dedicated "green", "sustainable", "social" (or similar) segment of any stock exchange or 
market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green", "sustainable", 
"social" or other equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no 
representation or assurance is given that such listing or admission satisfies any present or future 
investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor is required, or intends, to comply.  
Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary 
from one stock exchange or securities market to another.  No representation or assurance is given or 
made by that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or 
that any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise this may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Notes and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green assets (which consequences may include the need to sell the Notes as a result of the 
Notes not falling within the investor's investment criteria or mandate). 
3. Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate 
risk, interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market 
does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market. This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been 
structured to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes 
generally would have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt 
securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency or currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of 
the Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with 
jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in 
the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (i) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (ii) the Investor's Currency equivalent value of the principal 
payable on the Notes and (iii) the Investor's Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. Government 
and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Transfers of the Notes may be restricted, which may adversely affect the secondary market liquidity 
and/or trading prices of the Notes 
Subject to applicable Italian laws and regulations, the ability to transfer the Notes may also be 
restricted by securities laws or regulations of certain countries or regulatory bodies. See "Subscription 
and Sale". 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the Securities Act or any state securities laws 
or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. Noteholders may not offer the Notes in the United States 
or for the account or benefit of a U.S. person, except pursuant to an exemption from, or in a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws. It 
is the obligation of each Noteholder to ensure that offers and sales of Notes comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations. In addition, transfers to certain persons in certain other jurisdictions 
may be limited by law and regulations, or may result in the imposition of penalties or liability. For a 
description of restrictions which may be applicable to transfers of the Notes, see "Subscription and 
Sale". 
Credit ratings

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. Where an issue 
of Notes is rated, investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
such rating will reflect only the views of the rating agency and may not reflect the potential 
impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above and other 
factors that may affect the value of the Notes; 
(ii) 
a rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to review, 
revision, suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency; 
(iii) 
notwithstanding the above, an adverse change in a credit rating could adversely affect the 
trading price for the Notes; and 
(iv) 
tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated and, where an issue of 
Notes is rated, its rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating applicable to the 
Programme. 
Furthermore, in general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered 
under the CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or 
(3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation. Similarly, in general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not (1) issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the UK but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (3) provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Conflicts of Interest 
The Issuer may act as Calculation Agent or appoint a Dealer as Calculation Agent in respect of an 
issuance of Notes under the Programme. In such a case the Calculation Agent is likely to be a member 
of a financial group that is involved, in the ordinary course of its business, in a wide range of banking 
activities out of which conflicting interests may arise. Whilst such a Calculation Agent will, where 
relevant, have information barriers and procedures in place to manage conflicts of interest, it may in its 
other banking activities from time to time be engaged in transactions involving an index or related 
derivatives which may affect amounts receivable by Noteholders during the term and on the maturity 
of the Notes or the market price, liquidity or value of the Notes and which could be deemed to be 
adverse to the interests of the Noteholders. (See also "Potential Conflicts of Interest for Dematerialised 
Notes" above).

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The following financial statements which have previously been published shall be incorporated by 
reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
• 
the audited annual financial statements, and the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023, both, audited by Forvis Mazars S.p.A., 
which issued its relevant reports on 23 April 2024; 
• 
the limited reviewed consolidated and separate financial statements of the Issuer as at and for 
the six-month period ended 30 June 2023, both subject to limited review by Forvis Mazars 
S.p.A., which issued its relevant reports on 28 September 2023; and 
• 
the audited annual financial statements, and the audited consolidated financial statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022, both audited by Forvis Mazars S.p.A., 
which issued its relevant reports on 20 April 2023.  
Alternative Performance Measures 
This Base Prospectus contains references to certain Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"), as 
defined in the guidelines issued on 5 October 2015 by ESMA concerning the presentation of APMs 
disclosed in regulated information and prospectuses published as from 3 July 2016 which, although not 
recognised as financial measures under International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), are used 
by the management of the Issuer to monitor the Group’s financial and operating performance. In 
particular: 
Customer Loans: the composition of the portfolio of the Group’s loans to customers is indicated under 
the fourth and fifth sub-paragraphs of paragraph “De-risking and NPE reduction” of the section entitled 
“The Issuer”. In this respect, it should be noted that:  
a) the aggregate value of the customers loans indicated thereof includes loans registered as amortised 
financial activities, net of exposures represented by securities;  
b) Gross NPL Ratio (Gross non-performing loans/Gross loans to customers at amortized cost): 
the measure is calculated as the ratio between gross non-performing loans to customers and total 
gross loans to customers. It provides an indication of the quality of the loan portfolio; 
c)  Net NPL Ratio (Net non-performing loans/Net loans to customers at amortized cost): the 
measure is calculated as the ratio between non-performing loans to customers net of the associated 
accumulated impairment losses and total net loans to customers. It provides an indication of the 
quality of the loan portfolio;  
d)  NPL Coverage (Accumulated impairment losses on non-performing loans/Gross non-
performing loans to customers): the measure is calculated as the ratio between total accumulated 
impairment losses on loans to customers and non-performing loans to customers gross of the 
associated accumulated impairment losses. It provides an indication of the coverage level for non-
performing loans to customer; 
e) Total direct funding from ordinary customers: the aggregate includes outstanding debt 
securities, current accounts, deposits and other liabilities recognised as liabilities measured at 
amortized cost relating to funding from ordinary customers, with the exception of the sub-item 
financing.

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the documents incorporated by 
reference, described below, which form part of this Base Prospectus:  
• the audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2023, 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link:  
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and
%20separate%20financial%20statements%20at%20December%2031,%202023.pdf 
• the limited reviewed consolidated and separate financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six 
months 
period 
ended 
on 
30 
June 
2023, 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link: 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/DocumentiBilancio/Financial/Reports%20and%20consolidated%20and
%20separate%20financial%20statements%20at%20June%2030,%202023.pdf 
• the audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the year 
ended 
31 
December 
2022, 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link  
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/DocumentiBilanciRatingEnglish/Reports%20and%20consolidated
%20and%20separate%20financial%20statements%20at%20December%2031,%202022.pdf 
• the press release dated 28 March 2024 entitled "BCC Iccrea Group: 2023 financial statements and 
2024-2026 Business Plan approved with updated Group targets" (the "2024-2026 Business Plan 
Objectives") (the "28 March 2024 Press Release"), available at the following link:  
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documenti_GBI/ComunicatoStampa/PRESS%20RELEASE%20B
P%2024%2026%2028.3.24.pdf 
• the press release dated 14 May 2024 entitled “BCC Iccrea Group: consolidated results as at 31 March 
2024” 
(the 
"14 
May 
2024 
Press 
Release"), 
available 
at 
the 
following 
link:  
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documenti_GBI/ComunicatoStampa/PR%20Gruppo%20BCC%2
0Iccrea%201Q24%2014.5.24.pdf  
• the press release dated 13 August 2024 entitled "BCC Iccrea Group: consolidated results as at 30 
June 2024" (the "13 August 2024 Press Release"), available at the following link:  
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documenti_GBI/ComunicatoStampa/COS%201H24%20EN%201
3%20ag%2024.pdf 
save that any statement contained in the documents incorporated by reference herein shall be deemed 
to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement 
contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or 
otherwise). Any statement so modified or superseded shall be deemed, except as so modified or 
superseded, not to constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The audited consolidated and separate annual financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the years 
ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022, and the limited reviewed consolidated and separate 
financial statements of the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June 2023, have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRS"), as adopted by the 
EU and shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus, together (where 
applicable) with the accompanying notes and auditor's reports or the auditor's review reports as the case 
may be, save that any statement contained in this Base Prospectus or in any of the documents 
incorporated by reference in, and forming part of, this Base Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified 
or superseded to the extent that a statement contained in any document subsequently incorporated by 
reference by way of supplement prepared in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation 
modifies or supersedes such statement.

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference in any of the documents specified above 
which is not included in the cross-reference list below in this Base Prospectus is not incorporated by 
reference and is either not relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and, for 
the avoidance of doubt, unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, 
information contained on the website referred to in this Base Prospectus does not form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, at the specified offices of the Paying Agent, provide, free of charge, upon oral or written 
request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus). Written or oral requests for such documents should be directed to the specified office of 
any of the Paying Agents or to the specified office of the Listing Agent in Luxembourg. In addition 
such documents will be available, without charge, on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(http://www.luxse.com/). 
Cross-reference lists 
The following tables show where the information required under article 19(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation can be found in the above-mentioned documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
 
Audited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the year ended 31 December: 
 
 
2022 
2023 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance 
Measures 
 
96-97 
101-102 
Consolidated balance sheet 
 
101-102 
105-106 
Consolidated income statement 
 
103 
107 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
104 
108 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
shareholders' equity 
 
105-106 
109-110 
Statement of changes in consolidated cash 
flows 
 
107 
111 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
109-363 
113-389 
Independent Auditor's report 
 
381-386 
409-414 
Balance Sheet 
 
403-404 
433-434 
Income Statement 
 
405 
435 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
 
406 
436 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity 
 
407-408 
437-438 
Statement of cash flows 
 
409 
439 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
411-645 
441-685 
Independent Auditor's report 
 
661-667 
701-706 
 
 
Unaudited Consolidated and Separate Annual Financial Statements of the 
Issuer as at and for the six month period ended 30 June: 
 
2023 
Attachment 2 – Alternative Performance 
Measures 
87-88 
Consolidated balance sheet 
91-92 
Consolidated income statement 
93 
Statement of consolidated comprehensive 
income 
94

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
 
Statement of changes in consolidated 
shareholders' equity at June 30, 2023 
95 
Statement of cash flows: Indirect method 
97 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
103-275 
Auditor's review report on interim consolidated 
financial statements 
279-280 
 
 
Balance Sheet 
295-296 
Income Statement 
297 
Statement of Comprehensive Income 
298 
Statement of changes in shareholders' equity at 
June 30, 2023 
299 
Statement of cash flows: Indirect method 
301 
Notes to the financial statements 
307-464 
Auditor's review report on interim financial 
statements 
467-468 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 
28 March 2024 Press Release 
Whole document (pages 1-5) 
14 May 2024 Press Release 
Whole document (pages 1-5) 
13 August 2024 Press Release 
Whole document (pages 1-6)

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
 
FURTHER PROSPECTUSES AND SUPPLEMENTS 
The Issuer will prepare a new Base Prospectus setting out the changes in the operations and financial 
conditions of the Issuer at least every year after the date of this Base Prospectus and each subsequent 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has given an undertaking to the Dealers that, if at any time during the duration of the 
Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes, it shall 
prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent offering of the Notes 
and shall supply to each Dealer any number of copies of such supplement as a Dealer may reasonably 
request. 
In addition, the Issuer may agree with any Dealer to issue Notes in a form not contemplated in the 
section of this Base Prospectus entitled "Form of Final Terms". To the extent that the information 
relating to that Tranche of Notes constitutes a significant new factor in relation to the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus, a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown 
Prospectus") will be made available and will contain such information. Each Drawdown Prospectus 
will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary information relating to the 
Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) pursuant to Article 6.3 of the Prospectus Regulation, by a 
registration document containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note. 
In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, references in this 
Base Prospectus to information specified or identified in the Final Terms shall (unless the context 
requires otherwise) be read and construed as information specified or identified in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
 
FORMS OF THE NOTES 
A. NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM  
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary 
Global Note"), without Coupons or Receipts, or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global 
Note"), without Coupons or Receipts, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each 
Temporary Global Note or, as the case may be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which 
is not intended to be issued in a new global note form (a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or 
Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream Banking") and/or any other relevant clearing system and 
each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New Global Note" or 
"NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking. 
On 13 June 2006 the ECB announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with the "Standards 
for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear 
and Clearstream Banking as of 30 June 2006 and the debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream Banking after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for 
Eurosystem operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the 
"TEFRA D Rules") are applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of 
more than 365 days, that neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for a Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
without Coupons or Receipts (as defined herein), interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or 
in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, not earlier than 40 days 
after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests 
in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in 
respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge 
to the bearer) of such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the 
case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in 
accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or 
to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal 
amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, provided, however, that in no

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
 
circumstances shall the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note. 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if:  
a) Euroclear or Clearstream Banking or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business or  
b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, as the 
case may be, occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may 
only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in 
denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) (i) a minimum denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) 
integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more 
than €199,000, (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €150,000, 
plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor 
more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €200,000, plus 
(ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of 
a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable, in

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
 
whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant 
Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will 
initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note, without Coupons or Receipts, interests in which 
will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest 
payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial 
ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts (as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), 
in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the 
bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the 
order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued 
in denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded 
in such amounts whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons or Receipts, interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive 
Notes: 
(i) on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) if the relevant Final Terms specify "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if: 
a) Euroclear or Clearstream Banking or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or 
announces an intention permanently to cease business; or  
b) any of the circumstances described in Condition 13 (Events of Default) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 13 (Events of 
Default) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, as the 
case may be, occurs. 
 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the 
circumstances described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are 
integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in 
global or definitive form. As an exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may 
only be exchanged in the limited circumstances described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in 
denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) (i) a minimum denomination of €100,000, plus (ii) 
integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more 
than €199,000, (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €150,000, 
plus (ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €150,000 nor

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
 
more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (i) a minimum denomination of €200,000, plus 
(ii) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less than €200,000 nor more 
than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time. 
For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Notes. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of 
less than the minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a 
principal amount of Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. Where the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice of the exchange of the 
Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices) of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will 
consist of the terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in 
Physical Form", "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" below, as the case 
may be, and the provisions of the relevant Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and 
conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Summary of Provisions relating to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, 
the Notes in definitive form and any Coupons, Talons and Receipts appertaining thereto will bear a 
legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United 
States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal 
Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon, 
Talon or Receipt will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or 
redemption of such Note, Coupon, Talon or Receipt and any gain (which might otherwise be 
characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange or redemption will be treated as 
ordinary income. 
B. DEMATERIALISED NOTES  
Dematerialised Notes will be held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli, for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders. The expression "Monte Titoli Account Holders" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and 
includes any depository banks appointed by Euroclear Bank SA/NV as operator of Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
 
The Notes will at all times be held in book entry form and title to the Notes will be evidenced by book 
entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance with the 
CONSOB and Bank of Italy Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Dematerialised Notes. However, the Noteholders may ask the relevant intermediaries for certification 
pursuant to Article 83-quinquies and 83-sexies of the Financial Services Act.

--- Page 71 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 71 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to 
the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form" below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue notes governed by English law 
(the "English Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions 
governed by English law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
governed by English law dated 5 September 2024 (the "Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office 
of which is set out below. The Notes may also be senior preferred notes ("Senior Preferred 
Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and, together with the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"), 
depending on the status of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and are subject to their detailed provisions. The 
holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders"), the holders of related principal receipts for the 
payment of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) (the "Receiptholders" and 
the "Receipts", respectively) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form applicable to them. Copies of 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 72 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 72 - 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer is able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments or (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained 
in these Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation 
CRD V Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, the Circular No. 285 and any other 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of 
the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the 
leverage ratio, the net stable funding ration (this ration has been introduced as a requirement by 
Regulation 575/2013/EU), requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty 
credit risk, market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment 
undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 
648/2012; (ii) Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and 
recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 
2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 
2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding 
companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures; 
and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May

--- Page 73 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 73 - 
 
2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers);  
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time 
to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 74 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 74 - 
 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the 
CRD V Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting 
forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major

--- Page 75 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 75 - 
 
banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or an independent 
advisor appointed by the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
lastly by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878; 
"CRD V" means Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313; 
"CRD V Package" means the CRD IV, the CRD V and the CRR; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year;

--- Page 76 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 76 - 
 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 77 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 77 - 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 78 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 78 - 
 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"EC Proposals" means the amendments proposed to the CRD IV Directive, the CRD V, the 
CRR and BRRD published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 which have 
been politically agreed within the EU Council in December 2018 and then signed off by the 
EU27 Ambassadors on February 15, 2018. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"ECB Interest Rate" means the European banking interest rate determined by the Governing 
Council of the ECB and used in Eurosystem refinancing operations. The ECB Interest Rate is 
published by the ECB and is available on its website; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (being, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Thomson 
Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Note that is not an Instalment Note, its principal amount, subject to 
any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group Entity" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers); 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment and such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised:

--- Page 79 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 79 - 
 
"Instalment Amount" means the amount of each instalment of the Instalment Notes; 
"Instalment Date" means the date on which each Instalment Amount is repayable; 
"Instalment Notes" means Notes, any part of the principal amount of which is repayable by an 
Instalment Amount; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 
Instruments or other instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 80 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 80 - 
 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided for by 
the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining the 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as certified in writing by two 
directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, 
the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the relevant Series of Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are 
or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not 
constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such 
as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case 
may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 81 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 81 - 
 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 82 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 82 - 
 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, ECB Interest Rate or the CMS Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds (save where the 
exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on 
the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any requirement that recognition of such 
Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer be amortised in the five 
years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred 
before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Italian resolution 
authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the

--- Page 83 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 83 - 
 
European Council, the European Commission, acting within the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be) and for the exercise 
of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement for the English 
Law Notes in Physical Form and includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to 
meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers);

--- Page 84 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 84 - 
 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant 
to the SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes 
in Physical Form; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers); 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
Person (the "second Person") in which: 
(i) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders' meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
the first Person holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the 
first Person a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders' 
meeting of the second Person, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No.1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and

--- Page 85 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 85 - 
 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
Instalment Amounts, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) any reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Receipts in respect of any Instalment Notes and any reference 
herein to Noteholders shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include 
a reference to Receiptholders in respect of any Instalment Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. If the Notes are Instalment Notes in definitive 
form, they will be issued with Receipts attached. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes, the Coupons and the Receipts will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999.

--- Page 86 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 86 - 
 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law, including any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to 
the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including any 
obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or 
by their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred 
Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any related 
Receipts or Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Receipts 
or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations under 
the Senior Preferred Notes), including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under

--- Page 87 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 87 - 
 
the Subordinated Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from 
time to time for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or 
guidelines implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar 
remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
6. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as 
Tier 2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 
63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or any other 
present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, without limitation, the 
claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under instruments or 
items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or ceases to qualify) in its entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their

--- Page 88 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 88 - 
 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of 
present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid 
pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of 
Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other

--- Page 89 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 89 - 
 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined 
in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
7B 
RESET NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and; 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if 
that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject 
to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, and (ii) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate 
of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than 
zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7B(b) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified

--- Page 90 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 90 - 
 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
7B(b) (Fallbacks), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms;

--- Page 91 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 91 - 
 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall, subject as provided in 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B(b) "Reference Banks" means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
8. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. In addition, Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) is applicable to the 
Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly

--- Page 92 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 92 - 
 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified as the Reference 
Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined 
(the "Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of 
(i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied 
by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed 
by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in

--- Page 93 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 93 - 
 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions:  
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 8(e) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions.

--- Page 94 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 94 - 
 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate 
when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 8(j)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iii)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iv)).  
In the absence of willful misconduct, fraud or negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have 
no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any 
determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8(j).  
 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8(j) prior to the relevant Interest

--- Page 95 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 95 - 
 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Reference 
Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable). 
 For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(j)(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) only. Any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 8(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and all following Interest 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8(j)) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(j))(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper

--- Page 96 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 96 - 
 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with Condition 8(j), without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement for the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form and these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 8(j)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(j) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) 
where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(j); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders. 
(viii) Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 8(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:

--- Page 97 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 97 - 
 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(iv) 
 (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 8(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A)  
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; or 
(B)  
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so by 
a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(E)  
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or

--- Page 98 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 98 - 
 
(F)  
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made to 
any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9A. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS

--- Page 99 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 99 - 
 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) or Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), 
each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed 
Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest 
Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date 
until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise 
of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Conditions 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the Maturity 
Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue 
Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue 
Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority) in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if, neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable),

--- Page 100 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 100 - 
 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points (A) and (B) 
above have occurred within five years of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that such change 
is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 10(c) applies only if (A) the Notes are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes; and (B) this Condition 10(c) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes) below), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither 
a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving

--- Page 101 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 101 - 
 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices), to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c), the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor the CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 days nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(d), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d), the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders). 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 102 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 102 - 
 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(e) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the 
rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this Condition 
10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the partial redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes 
in accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) 
(Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 10(l) (Purchase) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including:

--- Page 103 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 103 - 
 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes), a Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) 
of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders:

--- Page 104 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 104 - 
 
(i) Application: This Condition 10(h) is applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes and if the 
Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(h), the holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
and any unmatured Receipts relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. 
No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 10(h), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-
Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of 
doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the 
Paying Agent, the relevant Clearing Systems and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), 
the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice") (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up 
redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified 
in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred 
to in this Condition 10(i) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(i) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders). 
(k) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption, pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption

--- Page 105 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 105 - 
 
and Purchase), of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 10(k) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(k) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(l) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any 
price, provided that:  
(i) 
all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 
10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 10(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently surrendered for 
cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons and Receipts 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(n) 
Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled (all as more fully 
described in this Condition 10), each Instalment Note will be redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid 
against surrender of the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Instalment Note to 
which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment against surrender of the relevant 
Note. 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 106 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 106 - 
 
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and any purchase in accordance with Condition 10(l) (Purchase) of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the 
MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is 
met: 
(i) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against: 
(i) 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Amount which becomes due on an Instalment Date, 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Receipts, 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or

--- Page 107 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 107 - 
 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(h) (Payments other than in respect 
of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be 
charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment)

--- Page 108 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 108 - 
 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(f) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions 
are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), 
Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and 
no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted under Condition 11(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(i) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be exchanged at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case may be (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon) but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption 
of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon 
will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(j) 
Unmatured Receipts Void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(j) is 
applicable or that the Instalment Note provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 
10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Receipts relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding and deduction: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law.

--- Page 109 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 109 - 
 
(b) 
Gross up: In the event that such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law (as referred to in Condition 12(a)), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts necessary for the net amounts received by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction to equal the respective amounts of 
principal, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are 
eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, or interest, in the case of any Notes, which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an 
Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited to (A) 
partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and professional 
associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to 
such other Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected or resident entities which have been or may be identified by Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have 
been or may subsequently be enacted ("Decree 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 
have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its 
agents; or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or 
Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes or Coupons classified as atypical securities (titoli atipici) where 
such withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 
1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to in the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an

--- Page 110 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 110 - 
 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution); or 
(ii) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than 
in the circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose). 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND RECEIPTS 
If any Note, Coupon or Receipt is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Coupons or Receipts must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form and in connection 
with Notes, Coupons and Receipts, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Receipt. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment 
of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its

--- Page 111 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 111 - 
 
Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS 
OF 
NOTEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER 
AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification 
may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum 
at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any waiver or modification of the Notes may 
be sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17 only to the extent 
permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law, and the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer 
stating that such waiver or modification of the Notes is permitted under Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
(c) 
Modification or Substitution of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax 
Event 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes for Regulatory Event or Tax Event or Variation for an Alignment Event is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a 
Regulatory Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer 
may either, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent

--- Page 112 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 112 - 
 
required from, the Relevant Authority: (a) substitute new notes for the Subordinated Notes 
whereby such new notes shall replace the Subordinated Notes, or (b) vary the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are substituted for, or as applicable, varied 
to, become or remain, Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 
nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes and 
subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and as required therefor 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and 
holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and modification 
of the terms of Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority 
to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of 
the holders of Subordinated Notes which is necessary or convenient to implement the 
substitution or modification of the terms of Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with 
an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms such that they comply with the 
minimum requirement under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as 
the Subordinated Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification or substitution; and (f) 
are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook 
as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification 
or substitution; 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or substitution; 
and 
(iii) are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification or substitution, 
to any early redemption right for taxation reasons. 
(d) 
Modification or Substitution of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
following a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes if 
Modification or Substitution of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event or Variation for an 
Alignment Event is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time 
a MREL Disqualification Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as 
applicable in the relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), 
then the Issuer may either, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving 
any consent required from, the Relevant Authority: (a) substitute new notes for the Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior

--- Page 113 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 113 - 
 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or (b) vary the terms of such Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that the Senior Preferred 
Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes are substituted for, or as applicable, varied to, become or 
remain, Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject 
to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the 
holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the 
prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and as required therefor under the MREL 
Requirements in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue of 
subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, be deemed to have accepted the substitution and modification of the terms of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers 
and authority to take any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or 
on behalf of the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is 
necessary or convenient to implement the substitution or modification of the terms of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(d): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of 
the Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of 
the Senior Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result 
in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the 
Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under 
the then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that 
of the Senior Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest 
Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (d) have 
the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the 
Senior Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the 
period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of 
modification or substitution; and (e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited 
credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes (if 
rated) immediately prior to such variation or substitution; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification or 
substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than 
the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which 
at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the 
Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and

--- Page 114 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 114 - 
 
eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest 
rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any 
accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the 
Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification or substitution; and (e) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as 
were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such 
variation or substitution; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification 
or substitution. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a 
single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers). Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or any Receipt or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") 
in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 115 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 115 - 
 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by English law, except for Condition 4 (Status of the Senior 
Preferred Notes), Condition 5 (Status of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes), Condition 6 (Status 
of the Subordinated Notes), and Condition 23 (Contractual recognition of bail-in powers) 
which are governed by and shall be construed in accordance with Italian law. 
(b) 
English courts: The courts of England have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of England are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside England: Condition 22(b) (English 
courts) is for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 
prevents any Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any 
other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent 
Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
(e) 
Process agent: The Issuer agrees that the documents which start any Proceedings and any other 
documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served on it by being 
delivered to Wilmington Trust SP Services (London) Limited at Third Floor, 1 King's Arms 
Yard, London EC2R 7AF, United Kingdom, or, if different, its registered office for the time 
being or at any address of the Issuer in Great Britain at which process may be served on it in 
accordance with the procedures set out in the Companies Act 2006. If such Person is not or 
ceases to be effectively appointed to accept service of process on behalf of the Issuer, the Issuer 
shall, on the written demand of any Noteholder addressed and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, appoint a further Person in England to accept service of 
process on its behalf and, failing such appointment within 15 days, any Noteholder shall be 
entitled to appoint such a Person by written notice addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the 
right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. This Condition 
applies to Proceedings in England and to Proceedings outside England pursuant to paragraph 
(d) above. 
23. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1)

--- Page 116 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 116 - 
 
of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market) agrees to be bound by and consent to: 
(i) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (A) the reduction of all, 
or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (B) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into 
ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue 
to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (C) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (D) the amendment or alteration 
of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the 
date on which the interest become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary 
period; and 
(ii) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 23. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of 
the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of the Bail-In Power. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to 
which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, 
cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group;

--- Page 117 ---
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 117 - 
 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; and 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time.

--- Page 118 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 118 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to 
the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Summary of Provisions relating to the 
Notes while in Global Form" below. References in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one 
Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the Programme. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue notes governed by Italian law (the 
"Italian Law Notes in Physical Form" or the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each 
Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the 
subject of final terms (the "Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions 
governed by Italian law (the "Conditions"). The terms and conditions applicable to any 
particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In 
the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the 
relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an issue and paying agency agreement 
governed by Italian law dated 5 September 2024 (the "Agency Agreement for the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form") between the Issuer, BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal 
agent (the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from 
time to time in connection with the Notes) and the other paying agents named therein (together 
with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available during 
normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, the initial Specified Office 
of which is set out below. The Notes may also be senior preferred notes ("Senior Preferred 
Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and, together with the 
Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") or subordinated notes ("Subordinated Notes"), 
depending on the status of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement 
for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and are subject to their detailed provisions. The 
holders of the Notes (the "Noteholders"), the holders of related principal receipts for the 
payment of instalments of principal (other than the final instalment) (the "Receiptholders" and 
the "Receipts", respectively) and the holders of the related interest coupons, if any, (the 
"Couponholders" and the "Coupons", respectively) and, where applicable, talons for further 
Coupons ("Talons") are bound by, and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form applicable to them. Copies of 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form are available for inspection 
during normal business hours at the Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial 
Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 119 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 119 - 
 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer is able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments or (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained 
in these Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation 
CRD V Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, the Circular No. 285 and any other 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of 
the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers);  
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 120 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 120 - 
 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time 
to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of

--- Page 121 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 121 - 
 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the 
CRD V Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting 
forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major 
banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or an independent 
advisor appointed by the Issuer; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Note; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
lastly by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878; 
"CRD V" means Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313;

--- Page 122 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 122 - 
 
"CRD V Package" means the CRD IV, the CRD V and the CRR; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 123 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 123 - 
 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 124 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 124 - 
 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"EC Proposals" means the amendments proposed to the CRD IV Directive, the CRD V, the 
CRR and BRRD published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 which have 
been politically agreed within the EU Council in December 2018 and then signed off by the 
EU27 Ambassadors on February 15, 2018. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"ECB Interest Rate" means the European banking interest rate determined by the Governing 
Council of the ECB and used in Eurosystem refinancing operations. The ECB Interest Rate is 
published by the ECB and is available on its website; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and

--- Page 125 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 125 - 
 
published by a designated distributor (being, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Thomson 
Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means: 
(i) 
in respect of any Note that is not an Instalment Note, its principal amount, subject to 
any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; and 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Note, the final Instalment Amount; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group Entity" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers); 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment and such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised: 
"Instalment Amount" means the amount of each instalment of the Instalment Notes; 
"Instalment Date" means the date on which each Instalment Amount is repayable; 
"Instalment Notes" means Notes, any part of the principal amount of which is repayable by an 
Instalment Amount; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 126 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 126 - 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 
Instruments or other instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided for by 
the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining the 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as certified in writing by two 
directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, 
the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date 
of the relevant Series of Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are 
or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of

--- Page 127 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 127 - 
 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not 
constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time, including, 
without limitation to the generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such 
as implementing technical standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European 
Commission and any regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and 
policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss 
absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from 
time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case 
may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day 
and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each 
(if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is:

--- Page 128 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 128 - 
 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for 
presentation and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign 
currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Instalment 
Amount, the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), 
the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early 
Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be 
specified in, or determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, ECB Interest Rate or the CMS Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 129 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 129 - 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds (save where the 
exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on 
the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any requirement that recognition of such 
Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer be amortised in the five 
years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred 
before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Italian resolution 
authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the 
European Council, the European Commission, acting within the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be) and for the exercise 
of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 130 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 130 - 
 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Agency Agreement for the Italian 
Law Notes in Physical Form and includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for 
payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or 
interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the 
amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the 
currency of any payment under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to 
meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Power" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers); 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant 
to the SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes 
in Physical Form; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" has the meaning given in Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers); 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the

--- Page 131 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 131 - 
 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
Person (the "second Person") in which: 
(i) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders' meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
the first Person holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the 
first Person a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders' 
meeting of the second Person, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No.1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at 
the time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
Instalment Amounts, any additional amounts in respect of principal which may be 
payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and 
any other amount in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions;

--- Page 132 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 132 - 
 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; 
(viii) any reference herein to Notes shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed 
to include a reference to Receipts in respect of any Instalment Notes and any reference 
herein to Noteholders shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include 
a reference to Receiptholders in respect of any Instalment Notes; and 
(ix) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. If the Notes are Instalment Notes in definitive 
form, they will be issued with Receipts attached. In the case of a Series of Notes with more than one 
Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. Title to the Notes, the Coupons and the Receipts will pass by delivery. 
The holder of any Note, Coupon or Receipt shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as its 
absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) 
and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No Person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Senior Preferred Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes and 
the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law, including any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to 
the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including any 
obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or 
by their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series.

--- Page 133 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 133 - 
 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred 
Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any related 
Receipts or Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred 
obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di 
secondo livello of the Issuer in accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the 
Consolidated Banking Law. 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Receipts 
or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations under 
the Senior Preferred Notes) including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from 
time to time for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or 
guidelines implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar 
remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes.

--- Page 134 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 134 - 
 
6. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Subordinated Notes and any related Receipts or Coupons are direct, unsecured and 
subordinated obligations of the Issuer that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as 
Tier 2 Instruments to be included in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 
63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes and the Receipts or Coupons related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or any other 
present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri)); 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, without limitation, the 
claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under instruments or 
items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or ceases to qualify) in its entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of 
present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid 
pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where

--- Page 135 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 135 - 
 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of 
Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition 7 (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on 
which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the 
relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day 
(except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined 
in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
7B 
RESET NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and;

--- Page 136 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 136 - 
 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if 
that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject 
to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, and (ii) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate 
of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than 
zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7B(b) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
7B(b) (Fallbacks), either:

--- Page 137 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 137 - 
 
(iv) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(v) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Fallbacks

--- Page 138 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 138 - 
 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall, subject as provided in 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B(b) "Reference Banks" means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
8. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. In addition, Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) is applicable to the 
Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly 
withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this 
Condition (both before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which 
all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the 
extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified as the Reference 
Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation):

--- Page 139 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 139 - 
 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined 
(the "Determined Rate"); 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of 
(i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied 
by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
(iv) 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed 
by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate

--- Page 140 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 140 - 
 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 8(e) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the

--- Page 141 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 141 - 
 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agents and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) 
by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as 
practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount 
and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation Agent 
will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) in 
the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount 
and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders, the Receiptholders and the Couponholders and (subject as 
aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection 
with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate 
when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 8(j)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iii)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iv)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it 
pursuant to this Condition 8(j).  
 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8(j) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Reference 
Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the

--- Page 142 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 142 - 
 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable).  
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(j)(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) only. Any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 8(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and all following Interest 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8(j)) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
(there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(j))(iii)) 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with this Condition 8(j), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Fiscal Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
consent to and effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement for the 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and these Conditions as may be required in order 
to give effect to this Condition 8(j)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(j) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents

--- Page 143 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 143 - 
 
and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) 
where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(j); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders.  
(viii) Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 8(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
or

--- Page 144 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 144 - 
 
(iv) 
 (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 8(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or  
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j)(iv).

--- Page 145 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 145 - 
 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9A. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) or Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), 
each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 
(Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed 
Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch

--- Page 146 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 146 - 
 
Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest 
Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date 
until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise 
of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Conditions 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments).  
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the Maturity 
Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue 
Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue 
Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority) in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if, neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and

--- Page 147 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 147 - 
 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points (A) and (B) 
above have occurred within five years of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that such change 
is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Fiscal Agent (A) a certificate signed by a legal representative of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing 
that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (B) an 
opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or 
will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 10(c) applies only if (A) the Notes are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes; and (B) this Condition 10(c) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes) below), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither 
a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices), to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c), the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption.

--- Page 148 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 148 - 
 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor the CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 days nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(d), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d), the Issuer 
shall deliver or procure that there is delivered to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders). 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the 
relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus 
accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 149 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 149 - 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(e) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected by the drawing of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner 
as the Fiscal Agent considers appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the 
rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation, and the notice to Noteholders 
referred to in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial 
numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum Redemption Amount or Minimum 
Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or less than the minimum so 
specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this Condition 
10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the partial redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes 
in accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) 
(Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 10(l) (Purchase) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and

--- Page 150 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 150 - 
 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes), a Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) 
of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) Application: This Condition 10(h) is applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes and if the 
Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(h), the holder of a Note 
must, not less than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption 
Date (Put), deposit with any Paying Agent such Note together with all unmatured Coupons 
and any unmatured Receipts relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Note is so 
deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. 
No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this

--- Page 151 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 151 - 
 
Condition 10(h), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, prior to the relevant 
Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and payable or, 
upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying 
Agent shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may 
have been given by such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such 
Note at its Specified Office for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender 
of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long as any outstanding Note is held by a Paying 
Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(h), the depositor of such Note and not such 
Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such Note for all purposes. 
(i) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-
Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of 
doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the 
Paying Agent, the relevant Clearing Systems and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), 
the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice") (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up 
redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified 
in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.  
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred 
to in this Condition 10(i) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(i) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders). 
(k) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption, pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase), of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 10(k) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360.

--- Page 152 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 152 - 
 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(k) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(l) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any 
price, provided that:  
(i) all unmatured Coupons appertaining to the Notes are purchased with such Notes; 
(ii) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes by 
the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 
10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes); and 
(iii) in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 10(o) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently surrendered for 
cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons and Receipts 
attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(n) 
Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled (all as more fully 
described in this Condition 10), each Instalment Note will be redeemed in the Instalment 
Amounts and on the Instalment Dates specified in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
such Notes in definitive form, all instalments (other than the final instalment) will be paid 
against surrender of the relevant Receipt (which must be presented with the Instalment Note to 
which it appertains) and in the case of the final instalment against surrender of the relevant 
Note. 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes  
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and any purchase in accordance with Condition 10(l) (Purchase) of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the 
MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is 
met:

--- Page 153 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 153 - 
 
(i) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against: 
(i) 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of Notes; 
(ii) 
in respect of any Instalment Amount which becomes due on an Instalment Date, 
presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate 
Receipts, 
at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by cheque drawn in the 
currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated in that 
currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that 
currency (in the case of a sterling cheque, a town clearing branch of a bank in the City of 
London). 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 11(i) (Payments other than in respect 
of matured Coupons) below, be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States in the manner described in 11(a) (Principal) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified 
Office of a Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside 
the United States with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make 
payment of the full amount of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is 
due when due, (ii) payment of the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying

--- Page 154 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 154 - 
 
Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and 
(iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(e) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or 
Couponholders in respect of such payments. 
(f) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating 
thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons 
will be deducted from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that if the gross amount available for payment is less than the amount of principal due 
for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such 
missing Coupons which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the 
amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal 
due for payment: 
(A) 
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of 
maturity) as will result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such 
missing Coupons (the "Relevant Coupons") being equal to the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that where this sub-paragraph 
would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to become void, such 
missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B) 
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the 
amount of principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of 
principal due for payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the 
sum deducted will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of the Relevant 
Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of principal due for payment) 
which the gross amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of 
principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above 
against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(g) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(g) is 
applicable or that the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions 
are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole 
of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a 
MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer),

--- Page 155 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 155 - 
 
Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), 
all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) shall become void and 
no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
or Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be 
entitled to payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business 
Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of 
any such delay. 
(i) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect 
of matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the 
Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if 
permitted under Condition 11(c) (Payments in New York City)). 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the 
time of issue) attached to the Notes, the Talon attached to such Note may be exchanged at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for further Coupons, as the case may be (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon) but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have 
already become void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption 
of any Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon 
will be delivered in respect of such Talon. 
(k) 
Unmatured Receipts Void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(k) is 
applicable or that the Instalment Note provisions are applicable, on the due date for final 
redemption of any Note or early redemption in whole of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 
10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Receipts relating thereto 
(whether or not still attached) shall become void and no payment will be made in respect 
thereof. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding and deduction: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and 
without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld 
or assessed by or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such 
taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
(b) 
Gross up: In the event that such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law (as referred to in Condition 12(a)), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts necessary for the net amounts received by the Noteholders and 
Couponholders after such withholding or deduction to equal the respective amounts of 
principal, in the case of Senior Preferred Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are 
eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, or interest, in the case of any Notes, which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy;

--- Page 156 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 156 - 
 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of its having some 
connection with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note or 
Coupon; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an 
Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited to (A) 
partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and professional 
associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to 
such other Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected or resident entities which have been or may be identified by Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have 
been or may subsequently be enacted ("Decree 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 
have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its 
agents; or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note or 
Coupon on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes or Coupons classified as atypical securities (titoli atipici) where 
such withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 
1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to in the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution); or 
(ii) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than 
in the circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose).

--- Page 157 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 157 - 
 
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND RECEIPTS 
If any Note, Coupon or Receipt is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such 
terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated 
or defaced Notes, Coupons or Receipts must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16. 
AGENTS 
In acting under the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form and in connection 
with Notes, Coupons and Receipts, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not 
assume any obligations towards or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holder of any Note, 
Coupon or Receipt. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Paying Agent outside the Republic of Italy; and 
(d) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any listing 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system the rules of which require the appointment 
of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its 
Specified Office in the place required by the rules of such listing authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
17. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
contains provisions for convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the 
Notes, including the modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification 
may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened 
by the Issuer and shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding 
not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum 
at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons

--- Page 158 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 158 - 
 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders 
whatever the principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that 
Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting 
of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-
quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form may agree to modify any 
provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any 
such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to correct a 
manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any waiver or modification of the Notes may 
be sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 17 only to the extent 
permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law, and the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer 
stating that such waiver or modification of the Notes is permitted under Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
(c) 
Modification of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event or Variation for an Alignment Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for 
consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are varied to 
become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes and subject 
to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and as required therefor under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations 
in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and 
holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of the terms of 
Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take any 
action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes which is necessary or convenient to implement the modification of the 
terms of Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that:

--- Page 159 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 159 - 
 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with 
an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms such that they comply with the 
minimum requirement under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as 
the Subordinated Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and (f) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification; 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification; and 
(iii) are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification, to any early 
redemption right for taxation reasons. 
(d) 
Modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes if 
Modification of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event or Variation for an Alignment Event 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Relevant Authority vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are varied to become or remain Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and 
as required therefor under the MREL Requirements in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue of 
subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take 
any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is necessary or convenient to 
implement the modification of the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 17(d): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that:

--- Page 160 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 160 - 
 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
(as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (d) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior 
Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same 
outlook as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such 
variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at 
such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's 
and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and (e) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification. 
18. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the Issue Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a 
single series with the Notes. 
19. 
NOTICES 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times) and, if the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having

--- Page 161 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 161 - 
 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers). Couponholders and Receiptholders shall be deemed for all purposes to 
have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
20. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes, the Coupons or any Receipt or any order or 
judgment given or made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") 
in which the same is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency 
(the "second currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) 
obtaining an order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment 
given or made in relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written 
demand of such Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office 
of the Fiscal Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of 
exchange used for such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second 
currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of 
business purchase the first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in 
satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by Italian law. 
(b) 
Italian courts: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary. 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy: Condition 22(b) (Italian courts) is 
for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 22 prevents any 
Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts

--- Page 162 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 162 - 
 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
23. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market) agrees to be bound by and consent to: 
(i) the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (A) the reduction of all, or 
a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (B) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (C) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (D) the amendment or alteration of 
the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date 
on which the interest become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(ii) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 23. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of 
the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of the Bail-In Power. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions, 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within

--- Page 163 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
 
 
 
- 163 - 
 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to 
which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, 
cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; and 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 164 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
- 164 - 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
will be endorsed on each Series of Note issued in dematerialised form under the Programme. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series issued in dematerialised form only, not to 
all Notes that may be issued under the Programme.  
Any reference in these Conditions to "Noteholders" in relation to any Notes shall mean the beneficial 
owners of the Notes and evidenced in book entry form with Monte Titoli S.p.A., with registered office 
and principal place of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy ("Monte Titoli") pursuant 
to the relevant provisions of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended (the 
"Financial Services Act") and in accordance with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation 
dated 13 August 2018, as subsequently amended and supplemented from time to time (the "CONSOB 
and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation"). No physical document of title will be issued in respect of the 
Notes. Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. ("Euroclear") and Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream 
Banking") are intermediaries authorised to operate through Monte Titoli. 
1. 
INTRODUCTION 
(a) 
Programme: ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of up to €5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes. Under the Programme, the Issuer may issue notes in dematerialized form (the 
"Dematerialised Notes" or the "Notes"). The Issuer will also act as paying agent for the Notes 
(the "Paying Agent") save that the Issuer is entitled to appoint a different Paying Agent for the 
Dematerialised Notes in accordance with Condition 15 (Paying Agents). References in these 
Conditions to "Paying Agent" shall mean, for so long as the Issuer acts as paying agent for the 
Notes, the Issuer in its capacity as such, or such other party from time to time appointed by the 
Issuer to act as paying agent for the Notes. 
(b) 
Final Terms: Dematerialised Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a 
"Series") and each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. 
Each Tranche is the subject of final terms expressed to apply to the Dematerialised Notes (the 
"Final Terms") which completes these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed 
by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Conditions and 
the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes which are 
the subject of the relevant Final Terms. The Notes may also be senior preferred notes ("Senior 
Preferred Notes"), senior non-preferred notes ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes" and, together 
with the Senior Preferred Notes, the "Senior Notes") or subordinated notes ("Subordinated 
Notes"), depending on the status of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms. Payment 
of principal and interest in respect of the Dematerialised Notes will be credited, according to 
the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli 
Account Holders (as defined below) whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those 
Dematerialised Notes and thereafter credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the 
accounts of the beneficial owners of those Dematerialised Notes or through Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking to the accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream Banking of the beneficial 
owners of those Dematerialised Notes, in accordance with the rules and procedures of Monte 
Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream Banking, as the case may be. No physical document of title 
will be issued in respect of Notes. In these Conditions, the expression "Monte Titoli Account 
Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution entitled to hold accounts on 
behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any depository banks appointed by 
Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream Banking.

--- Page 165 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 165 - 
 
2. 
DEFINITIONS AND INTERPRETATION 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions 
(as supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes 
of such Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at 
www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix 
thereto), as defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website 
(www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or 
successor term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
an "Alignment Event" will be deemed to have occurred if, as a result of a change in or 
amendment to the Applicable Banking Regulations or interpretation thereof, at any time after 
the Issue Date, the Issuer is able to issue an instrument (i) in the case of Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, qualifying as eligible liabilities instruments or (ii) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes, qualifying as Tier 2 Capital, that contains one or more provisions that are, 
in the reasonable opinion of the Issuer, different in any material respect from those contained 
in these Conditions; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, 
guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and 
applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the 
BRRD, the BRRD Implementing Decrees, the Banking Reform Package, the SRM Regulation 
CRD V Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, the Circular No. 285 and any other 
regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect of 
the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union (whether or not such 
requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not they are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards and 
guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" has the meaning given in Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers);  
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking 
of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced 
from time to time; 
"Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and

--- Page 166 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 166 - 
 
financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 
2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No. 596/2014; 
"Broken Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 
16, 2015, implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time 
to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking 
Reform Package into Italian law); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
relevant Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different 
meanings in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have 
the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be 
postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day 
Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case 
that date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" 
means that each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the 
preceding such date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the 
preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, 
then such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first 
preceding day which is a Business Day; and

--- Page 167 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 167 - 
 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; 
and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention; 
"Calculation Agent" means the Paying Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest 
Amount(s); 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or 
regulations of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are 
otherwise applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), whether introduced before 
or after the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or 
regulations) the requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the 
Own Funds of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the 
CRD V Package; 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Circular No. 285" means the Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, setting 
forth the supervisory provisions for banks (Disposizioni di Vigilanza per le Banche), as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as at the Specified Time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent and subject to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"CMS Reference Banks" means (i) where the Reference Currency is Euro, the principal office 
of five major banks in the Euro-zone inter-bank market, (ii) where the Reference Currency is 
Sterling, the principal London office of five major banks in the London inter-bank market, (iii) 
where the Reference Currency is U.S. dollars, the principal New York City office of five major 
banks in the New York City inter-bank market, or (iv) in the case of any other Reference 
Currency, the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of five major banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre inter-bank market, in each case selected by the Issuer and/or an independent 
advisor appointed by the Issuer; 
"CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation" means the joint regulation issued by Consob 
and the Bank of Italy dated 13 August 2018, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Consolidated Banking Law" means Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as 
amended or supplemented from time to time; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013, on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit

--- Page 168 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 168 - 
 
institutions and investment firms, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time, 
lastly by Regulation (EU) No. 2019/876 (CRRII) and Directive (EU) No. 2019/878; 
"CRD V" means Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 and its supplements and the 
Implementing Regulation (EU) 2016/313; 
"CRD V Package" means the CRD IV, the CRD V and the CRR; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the "Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or 
the relevant Final Terms and: 
(a) 
if "Actual/Actual" or "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is specified, the actual number of days 
in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365 
(or, if any portion of that Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided 
by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period 
falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(i) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period 
and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(c) 
If "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 365; 
(d) 
If "Actual/360" is specified, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360; 
(e) 
If "30/360", "360/360" or "Bond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 169 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 169 - 
 
 
Where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(f) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a 
formula basis as follows; 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30. 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 170 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 170 - 
 
(g) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis 
as follows: 
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless 
(i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case 
D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but 
not the Termination Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 
January 2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own 
Funds requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Designated Maturity" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event)" means in respect of any Note, its principal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Early Termination Amount" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, these Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms; 
"EC Proposals" means the amendments proposed to the CRD IV Directive, the CRD V, the 
CRR and BRRD published by the European Commission on 23 November 2016 which have 
Day Count Fraction = [360 𝑥𝑥 (𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 −𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360

--- Page 171 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 171 - 
 
been politically agreed within the EU Council in December 2018 and then signed off by the 
EU27 Ambassadors on February 15, 2018. 
"ECB" means the European Central Bank; 
"ECB Interest Rate" means the European banking interest rate determined by the Governing 
Council of the ECB and used in Eurosystem refinancing operations. The ECB Interest Rate is 
published by the ECB and is available on its website; 
"EURIBOR" means, in respect of any specified currency and any specified period, the interest 
rate benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and 
published by a designated distributor (being, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, Thomson 
Reuters) in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over administration of that rate); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given to it in the Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Note, its principal amount, subject to 
any purchase, cancellation, early redemption or repayment; and 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group Entity" has the meaning given in Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in 
Powers); 
"Guarantee" means, in relation to any Indebtedness of any Person, any obligation of another 
Person to pay such Indebtedness including (without limitation): 
(i) 
any obligation to purchase such Indebtedness; 
(ii) 
any obligation to lend money, to purchase or subscribe shares or other securities or to 
purchase assets or services in order to provide funds for the payment of such 
Indebtedness; 
(iii) 
any indemnity against the consequences of a default in the payment and such 
Indebtedness; and 
(iv) 
any other agreement to be responsible for such Indebtedness; 
"Indebtedness" means any indebtedness of any Person for money borrowed or raised: 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Cut-off Date" has the meaning given in Condition 8(j) (Benchmark 
Discontinuation); 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 172 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 172 - 
 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur 
in accordance with the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention at such Specified Period of calendar months following the Interest 
Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest Payment Date) or the previous 
Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date or any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment 
Date (or, if the Notes are redeemed on any earlier date, the relevant redemption date); 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that 
Own Funds instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case 
may be) are subject to full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 
Instruments or other instruments of ownership; 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maturity Period" means the period from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Capital" means the minimum amount of capital of the Issuer, as provided for by 
the Bank of Italy from time to time for the purposes of obtaining or maintaining the 
authorisation of the Bank of Italy to carry on banking activities, as certified in writing by two 
directors of the Issuer; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Monte Titoli Account Holder" means any authorised financial intermediary institution 
entitled to hold accounts on behalf of their customers with Monte Titoli and includes any 
depository banks appointed by Euroclear, as operator of the Euroclear System, and Clearstream 
Banking. 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, 
the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date

--- Page 173 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 173 - 
 
of the relevant Series of Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of a 
Series of Senior Preferred Notes and/or of Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are 
or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion of a Series of Notes from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the remaining maturity of 
such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a MREL 
Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed 
exception to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to 
meet the MREL Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the 
exclusion of all or some of a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
from the MREL Requirements as a result of such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the 
Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not 
constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, 
standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities applicable to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time (including 
any applicable transitional provisions), including, without limitation to the generality of the 
foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical standards or 
regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum 
requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments 
adopted by the Republic of Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such 
regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures or policies are applied 
generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be)), as any of the preceding 
laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures, policies or 
interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time to time; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning given to such term in the CRR, as interpreted and applied 
in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant 
Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final 
Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Participating Member State" means a Member State of the European Union which adopts 
the euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a 
day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or

--- Page 174 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 174 - 
 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency 
of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre 
for that currency provided, however, that: 
(i) 
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the 
European Union or the United Kingdom as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the 
payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; and 
(ii) 
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation 
to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is 
selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; 
"Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders" means the provisions for meetings of noteholders 
attached to these Conditions as Schedule 1. 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right 
to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest 
payable in respect of the Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early 
Redemption Amount (Tax), Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the Early Termination 
Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or 
determined in accordance with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" means EURIBOR, ECB Interest Rate or the CMS Rate as specified in the 
relevant Final Terms in respect of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but 
excluding the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and 
including one Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date;

--- Page 175 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 175 - 
 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular 
Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" 
means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; 
and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period 
from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular 
Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any 
Interest Payment Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of 
the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority 
considers to be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes 
from their classification on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their 
exclusion in full or, to the extent permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, 
from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, where applicable in accordance with the Applicable 
Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower quality form of Own Funds (save where the 
exclusion from Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer is solely (A) a result of any applicable limitation on 
the amount of such capital, or (B) in accordance with any requirement that recognition of such 
Series of Subordinated Notes as part of the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer be amortised in the five 
years prior to maturity of such Notes, in either (A) or (B) in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations in force as at the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first 
Tranche of such Series of Subordinated Notes) and, in case the Regulatory Event has occurred 
before five years from the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, both of the following 
conditions are met: (i) the Relevant Authority considers such a change to be sufficiently certain 
and (ii) the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the 
Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any 
successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and 
supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be), and/or (ii) the Italian resolution 
authority, the Single Resolution Board (SRB) established pursuant to the SRM Regulation, the 
European Council, the European Commission, acting within the framework of the Single 
Resolution Mechanism, or any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the 
resolution of the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be) and for the exercise 
of any Resolution Power or Bail-in Power from time to time; 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on 
which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent 
on or prior to such due date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice 
to that effect has been given to the Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information 
service (including, without limitation, the Reuters Money 3000 Service) specified as the 
Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, or such other page, section or other part as 
may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in each case, as 
may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for 
the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate;

--- Page 176 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 176 - 
 
"Relevant Swap Rate" means: 
(i) 
where the Reference Currency is Euro, the mid-market annual swap rate determined on 
the basis of the arithmetic mean of the bid and offered rates for the annual fixed leg, 
calculated on a 30/360 day count basis, of a fixed for floating euro interest rate swap 
transaction with a term equal to the Designated Maturity commencing on the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and in a Representative Amount with an acknowledged 
dealer of good credit in the swap market, where the floating leg, in each case calculated 
on an Actual/360 day count basis, is equivalent to EUR EURIBOR Reuters (as defined 
in the ISDA Definitions) with a designated maturity determined by the Calculation 
Agent by reference to standard market practice and/or the ISDA Definitions; and 
(ii) 
where the Reference Currency is any other currency or if the Final Terms specify 
otherwise, the mid-market swap rate as determined in accordance with the applicable 
Final Terms; 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Representative Amount" means an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time; 
"Reserved Matter" shall have the meaning given to it in the Provisions for Meetings of 
Noteholders and includes, inter alia, any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of 
principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable 
on any date in respect of the Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment 
in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment 
under the Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority 
required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
"Reset Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Resolution Power" has the meaning given in Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers); 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant 
to the SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established 
pursuant to the SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" means Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome, Italy or such other 
address of the relevant Paying Agent notified by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 18 (Notices); 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" has the meaning given in Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-
in Powers); 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 
conferring specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the

--- Page 177 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 177 - 
 
prudential supervision of credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Subsidiary" means, in relation to any Person (the "first Person") at any particular time, any 
Person (the "second Person") in which: 
(i) 
the majority of the votes capable of being voted in an ordinary shareholders' meeting 
is held, directly or indirectly, by the first Person; or 
(ii) 
the first Person holds, directly or indirectly, a sufficient number of votes to give the 
first Person a dominant influence (influenza dominante) in an ordinary shareholders' 
meeting of the second Person, 
as provided by Article 2359, paragraph 1, No.1 and 2 of the Italian Civil Code; 
"T2" means the real time gross settlement system operated by the Eurosystem or any successor 
system; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which T2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
"Tax Event" has the meaning given in Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons); 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" means at any time tier 2 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations;  
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
"Treaty" means the Treaty on the functioning of the European Union, as amended; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the 
nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(ii) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect 
of interest which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount 
in the nature of interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(iii) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the 
Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders; 
(iv) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) (Definitions) to have the meaning given in 
the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not 
applicable to the Notes; and

--- Page 178 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 178 - 
 
(v) 
any reference in these Conditions to any legislation (whether primary legislation or 
regulations or other subsidiary legislation made pursuant to primary legislation) shall 
be construed as a reference to such legislation as the same may have been, or may from 
time to time be, amended or re-enacted. 
3. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes will be in held in dematerialised form in the Specified Denomination(s) on behalf of the 
beneficial owners by Monte Titoli for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holders as of 
their respective date of issue. Monte Titoli shall act as depository for Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking. 
The Notes will at all times be evidenced by, and title to the Notes will be established or transferred by 
way of, book-entries pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Financial Services Act and in accordance 
with the CONSOB and Bank of Italy Joint Regulation. No physical document of title will be issued in 
respect of the Notes. 
4. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 4 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Senior Preferred Notes are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among themselves. The payment obligations of 
the Issuer under the Senior Preferred Notes shall at all times rank (save for certain obligations 
required to be preferred by law, including any obligations permitted by law to rank senior to 
the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any) equally with all other unsecured 
and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time outstanding (other than 
obligations ranking junior to the Senior Preferred Notes from time to time, including any 
obligations under Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law or 
by their terms to rank junior to the Senior Preferred Notes following the Issue Date, if any). 
In relation to each Series of Senior Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Preferred 
Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Preferred Notes. 
5. 
STATUS OF THE SENIOR NON-PREFERRED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated, unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer that are 
intended to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello of the Issuer in 
accordance with, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Law.

--- Page 179 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 179 - 
 
The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes related to them 
shall at all times rank: 
(iii) 
junior to Senior Preferred Notes and all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by their terms to rank, senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without limitation, any obligations under 
the Senior Preferred Notes) including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within 
the meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(iv) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior to 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(v) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes (including, without 
limitation, the claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under 
the Subordinated Notes or any other obligations under instruments or items included in 
the Tier 1 Capital or Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer), 
in all such cases in accordance with the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter 
c-bis) of the Consolidated Banking Law and any relevant regulation which may be enacted from 
time to time for the purposes of implementing such provisions and/or any laws, regulations or 
guidelines implementing the rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
In relation to each Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated 
equally and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be 
paid pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and 
irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar 
remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any jurisdiction in respect of such 
Senior Non-Preferred Note. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
6. 
STATUS OF THE SUBORDINATED NOTES 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being Subordinated Notes. 
(b) 
Status: The Subordinated Notes are direct, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer 
that are intended to qualify for regulatory purposes as Tier 2 Instruments to be included in the 
Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer in accordance with Article 63 of the CRR and Part II, Chapter 1 of 
Circular No. 285 (or any successor rules under the Applicable Banking Regulations). 
Subject to the following paragraph, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes 
qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer under the 
Subordinated Notes related to them shall at all times rank: 
(i) 
junior to all present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
(including, without limitation, any obligations under the Senior Notes) or any other 
present or future subordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, senior to the Subordinated Notes (including any subordinated 
instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as own fund items (elementi 
di fondi propri));

--- Page 180 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 180 - 
 
(ii) 
pari passu among themselves and with any other present or future obligations of the 
Issuer which do not rank, or are not expressed by their terms to rank, junior or senior 
to the Subordinated Notes, including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 
Capital of the Issuer; and 
(iii) 
senior to any present or future obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed by 
their terms to rank, junior to the Subordinated Notes (including, without limitation, the 
claims of the shareholders of the Issuer and any other obligations under instruments or 
items included in the Tier 1 Capital of the Issuer).  
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes does not qualify (or ceases to qualify) in its entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among the Notes and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of 
present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Preferred Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In relation to each Series of Subordinated Notes, all Notes of such Series will be treated equally 
and all amounts paid by the Issuer in respect of principal and/or interest thereon will be paid 
pro rata on all Notes of such Series. 
(c) 
Waiver of set-off rights: Each holder of a Subordinated Note unconditionally and irrevocably 
waives any right of set-off, netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it 
might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, in respect of such Subordinated Note. 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(d) 
No Negative Pledge: There is no negative pledge in respect of the Subordinated Notes. 
7. 
FIXED RATE NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of 
Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those 
periods for which the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (both before and 
after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is 7 days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums

--- Page 181 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 181 - 
 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one 
Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by 
the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded 
figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Note divided by the 
Calculation Amount. For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other 
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of 
such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of 
a Fixed Rate Note comprises more than one Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the aggregate of the amounts (determined 
in the manner provided above) for each Calculation Amount comprising the Specified 
Denomination without any further rounding. 
7B 
RESET NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Rates of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First 
Reset Date at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date 
or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the Maturity 
Date at the rate per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and; 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset 
Rate of Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on the each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if 
that does not fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount 
payable shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, (i) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at 
or as soon as practicable after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject 
to Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) below, and (ii) in the case of the Interest 
Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating amounts of interest in Condition 7 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions). Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Rate 
of Interest (inclusive of the First or Subsequent Margin) shall not be deemed to be less than 
zero. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but 
excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the Form of 
Final Terms, the Maturity Date;

--- Page 182 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 182 - 
 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7B(b) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the First 
Margin; 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the date specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates 
for the fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the frequency with which scheduled 
interest payments are payable on the Notes during the relevant Reset Period (calculated on the 
day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by 
the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the Specified 
Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap 
market and (iii) has a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for 
the Mid-Swap Maturity (as specified in the Form of Final Terms) (calculated on the day count 
basis customary for floating rate payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the 
Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per 
annum) for the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is 
euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 
7B(b) (Fallbacks), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the rate for swaps in 
the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the Form of Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap 
rate quotations for swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date,  
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as at approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified 
Currency on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 183 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 183 - 
 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable; 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset 
Date (as applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business 
Day prior to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second 
Business Day prior to the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period 
thereafter, the second Business Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the Form of Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to 
(but excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and 
including) a Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset 
Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and 
subject to Condition 3(b)(ii), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant 
Subsequent Margin. 
(b) 
Fallbacks 
If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-Swap 
Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Issuer shall, subject as provided in 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined 
below) to provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the 
Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap 
Rate Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as 
applicable) for the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the 
relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as 
applicable), all as determined by the Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the 
Calculation Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest (as applicable) shall be determined to be the Rate of Interest as at the last preceding 
Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the First Reset Rate of Interest 
shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7B(b) "Reference Banks" means the principal office in the 
principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money,

--- Page 184 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 184 - 
 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected 
by the Issuer on the advice of an investment bank of international repute. 
8. 
FLOATING RATE AND CMS LINKED INTEREST NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 8 is applicable to the Notes only if: (i) the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions or CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable; or (ii) if a Change of Interest Basis is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, in respect of those periods for which the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
stated to apply. In addition, Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation) is applicable to the 
Notes if the Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date at the Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided 
in Condition 11 (Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final 
redemption unless payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in 
which case it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition (both before and 
after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of 
such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day 
which is 7 days after the Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums 
due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any 
subsequent default in payment). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes other than CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is not specified as the Reference 
Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period 
will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis, subject to Condition 8(j) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation): 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, 
the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(iii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined 
(the "Determined Rate"); 
(iv) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of 
(i) the Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(v) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied 
by the Reference Rate Multiplier, 
(vi) 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the 
case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to 
any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic

--- Page 185 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 185 - 
 
mean last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period for which such rate or arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: If 
Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the 
Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined and "CMS Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate 
in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula, subject to 
Condition 8(j) (Benchmark Discontinuation): 
CMS Rate plus Margin 
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available, the Issuer and/or an independent advisor appointed 
by the Issuer shall request each of the CMS Reference Banks to provide the Calculation Agent 
with its quotation for the Relevant Swap Rate at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the Interest Determination Date in 
question. If at least three of the CMS Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with such 
quotation, the CMS Rate for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such 
quotations, eliminating the highest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the highest) 
and the lowest quotation (or, in the event of equality, one of the lowest). 
If on any Interest Determination Date less than three or none of the CMS Reference Banks 
provides the Calculation Agent with such quotations as provided in the preceding paragraph, 
the CMS Rate shall be determined by the Calculation Agent in good faith on such commercial 
basis as considered appropriate by the Calculation Agent in its absolute discretion, in 
accordance with standard market practice. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable 
to the Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction 
under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, 
has the meaning given to it in the ISDA Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and

--- Page 186 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 186 - 
 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Administrator/Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and 
(B) 
If the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified Floating 
Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – 
Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate". 
(iv) 
Unless otherwise defined capitalised terms used in this Condition 8(e) shall have the 
meaning ascribed to them in the ISDA Definitions. 
(f) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be 
greater than the maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(g) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the 
time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, 
calculate the Interest Amount payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The 
Interest Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to 
the Calculation Amount during such Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the 
case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or CMS Linked Interest Note comprises more 
than one Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the 
aggregate of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for each Calculation 
Amount comprising the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
(h) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount 
determined by it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) 
required to be determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the 
Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system (if any) by which the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The Calculation 
Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the 
Calculation Amount and the Interest Amount in respect of a Note having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
(i) 
Notifications, etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, 
quotations and decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 
8 by the Calculation Agent will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Noteholders and Monte Titoli and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any 
such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise 
by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes.

--- Page 187 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 187 - 
 
(j) 
Benchmark Discontinuation:  If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to the Reference Rate 
when the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) for any Interest Period remains to be 
determined by reference to such Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable 
endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine 
a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with this Condition 8(j)) 
and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread, if any (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iii)) and 
any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(j)(iv)).  
In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by 
it pursuant to this Condition 8(j).  
 
(i) 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate in accordance with this Condition 8(j) prior to the relevant Interest 
Determination Date or Reset Determination Date, as the case may be, the Reference 
Rate applicable to the immediate following Interest Period shall be (i) in the case of the 
Rate of Interest on Floating Rate Notes, the Rate of Interest applicable to the next 
succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period or (ii) in 
the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be 
equal to the Initial Rate of Interest or (iii) in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest on Reset Notes, the Rate of Interest shall be equal to the Subsequent Reset Rate 
of Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately 
preceding Reset Period or if the immediately preceding Reset Period is the First Reset 
Period, the First Reset Rate of Interest. If there has not been a first Interest Payment 
Date or First Reset Date, the Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes shall be the initial 
Rate of Interest and the Rate of Interest for Reset Notes shall be the Initial Rate of 
Interest (as applicable). Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum 
or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) 
relating to the relevant Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First 
Margin or Subsequent Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset 
Period (as applicable).  
For the avoidance of doubt, any adjustment pursuant to this Condition 8(j)(i) 
(Benchmark Discontinuation) shall apply to the immediately following Interest Period 
or Reset Period (as applicable) only. Any subsequent Interest Period or Reset Period 
(as applicable) may be subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j).  
(ii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion that:  
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment 
as provided in Condition 8(j)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest for the immediately following 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) and all following Interest 
Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), subject to the subsequent operation of 
this Condition 8(j)) in the event of a further Benchmark Event affecting the 
Successor Rate; or  
(B) 
(there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(j))(iii))

--- Page 188 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 188 - 
 
subsequently be used in place of the Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest for the immediately following Interest Period or Reset Period (as 
applicable) and all following Interest Periods or Reset Periods (as applicable), 
subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8(j) in the event of a 
further Benchmark Event affecting the Alternative Rate.  
(iii) 
If the Independent Adviser determines in its discretion (A) that an Adjustment Spread 
is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and (B) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall apply to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).  
(iv) 
If any relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined 
in accordance with this Condition 8(j) and the Independent Adviser determines in its 
discretion (i) that amendments to these Conditions are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following consultation with the Calculation Agent 
(or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), subject to giving notice 
thereof in accordance with this Condition 8(j), without any requirement for the consent 
or approval of relevant Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice (and for the 
avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Issuer, 
consent to and effect such consequential amendments to these Conditions as may be 
required in order to give effect to this Condition 8(j)).  
(v) 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(j) will be notified 
promptly by the Issuer to the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vi) 
No later than notifying the Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Paying Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A) 
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant 
Successor Rate, or, as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) 
where applicable, any relevant Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of 
any relevant Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in 
accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(j); and  
(B) 
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread.  
(vii) 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of 
manifest error or bad faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate and such Adjustment Spread (if any) and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) 
be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
and the Noteholders.

--- Page 189 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 189 - 
 
(viii) Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin 
or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period or 
Reset Period (as applicable) from that which applied to the last preceding Interest 
Period or Reset Period (as applicable), the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest or First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) relating to the relevant 
Interest Period or Reset Period (as applicable) shall be substituted in place of the 
Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest or First Margin or Subsequent 
Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period or Reset Period. 
(ix) 
As used in this Condition 8(j):  
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines is required to be applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the relevant Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an 
option for parties to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Benchmark 
Rate), the Independent Adviser, determines is customarily applied to the relevant 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) in international debt 
capital markets transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Reference Rate; or 
(iii) 
 (if no such recommendation has been made) the Independent Adviser determines, is 
recognised or acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); 
or  
(iv) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner) to be appropriate to reduce or eliminate, to the extent 
reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the 
case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Reference Rate with 
the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be).  
"Alternative Rate" means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with this Condition 8(j) is customary in market usage in the 
international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining floating rates of interest (or 
the relevant component part thereof) in the Specified Currency.  
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the relevant Reference Rate has ceased to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered; 
or 
(B) 
a public statement by the administrator of the relevant Reference Rate that (in 
circumstances where no successor administrator has been or will be appointed 
that will continue publication of such Reference Rate) it has ceased publishing 
such Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely or that it will cease to do so 
by a specified future date (the "Specified Future Date"); or

--- Page 190 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 190 - 
 
(C) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that such Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued; or 
(D) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate that means that such Reference Rate will, by a specified future 
date (the "Specified Future Date"), be prohibited from being used or that its 
use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, either generally or 
in respect of the Notes; or 
(E) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the relevant 
Reference Rate (as applicable) that, in the view of such supervisor, such 
Reference Rate is or will, by a specified future date (the "Specified Future 
Date"), be no longer representative of an underlying market; or 
(F) 
it has or will, by a specified date within the following six months, become 
unlawful for the Calculation Agent to calculate any payments due to be made 
to any Noteholder using the relevant Reference Rate (as applicable) (including, 
without limitation, under the Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable). 
Notwithstanding the sub-paragraphs above, where the relevant Benchmark Event is a 
public statement within sub-paragraphs (B), (C), (D) or (E) above and the Specified 
Future Date in the public statement is more than six months after the date of that public 
statement, the Benchmark Event shall not be deemed occur until the date falling six 
months prior to such Specified Future Date. 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(j)(iv).  
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or 
other independent financial adviser experienced in the international capital markets, in each 
case appointed by the Issuer at its own expense under Condition 8(j). 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):  
(A)  
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or  
(B)  
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.  
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
9. 
ZERO COUPON NOTE PROVISIONS 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero Coupon Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.

--- Page 191 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 191 - 
 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero 
Coupon Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an 
amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue 
Date to (but excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in 
respect of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant 
Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 7 days after the Paying Agent has notified the 
Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to such seventh 
day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
9A. 
CHANGE OF INTEREST BASIS 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest 
payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 7 (Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions) or Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS Linked Interest Note Provisions), 
each applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's 
Switch Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on 
one or more occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, 
a "Switch Option"), having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 
(Notices) and delivering such notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior 
to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed 
Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms with effect from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch 
Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next 
following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised 
only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest 
Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option Effective Date 
until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option 
Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date 
specified as such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms as a Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise 
of the relevant Switch Option having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
10. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will 
be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Conditions 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or 
modification of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 11 (Payments).

--- Page 192 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 192 - 
 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Law, the Maturity 
Date of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue 
Date.  
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue 
Date, as provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (but subject, 
in the case of Subordinated Notes, to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority) in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if, neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or CMS Linked 
Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) 
to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws 
or regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official 
interpretation of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent 
jurisdiction), which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of 
issue of the first Tranche of the Notes; 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available 
to it; and 
(C) 
in the case of Subordinated Notes only if the circumstances under points (A) and (B) 
above have occurred within five years of the issue of the relevant Subordinated Notes, 
the Issuer demonstrates to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that such change 
is material and was not reasonably foreseeable at the Issue Date, 
(any such event, a "Tax Event") 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 90 days prior 
to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall 
make available, upon request, to relevant Noteholders (A) a certificate signed by a legal 
representative of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and 
setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer 
so to redeem have occurred and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts 
as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to 
in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this 
Condition 10(b).

--- Page 193 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 193 - 
 
In the case of Senior Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(b) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption for regulatory reasons: 
(i) 
Application: This Condition 10(c) applies only if (A) the Notes are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being Subordinated Notes; and (B) this Condition 10(c) is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) 
Redemption: If, at any time the Issuer determines that a Regulatory Event has occurred, 
the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer (subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes) below), in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is neither 
a Floating Rate Note nor a CMS Linked Interest Note) or on any Interest Payment Date 
(if the Note is either a Floating Rate Note or a CMS Linked Interest Note), on giving 
not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and, 
in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), to the Noteholders. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c), the Issuer 
shall make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the said circumstances prevail and describe the 
facts leading thereto, in which event it shall be conclusive and binding on the Noteholders. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(c), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(c), at the Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if appropriate) 
with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(c) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(d) 
Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
This Condition 10(d) applies only to Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms as being Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
If an Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, then in cases where the Issuer determines that a MREL Disqualification 
Event has occurred and is continuing with respect to a Series of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any such Series may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in 
whole, but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions nor the CMS Linked Interest 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or 
(ii) on any Interest Payment Date (if either the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable),

--- Page 194 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 194 - 
 
on giving not less than 30 days nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the 
applicable Final Terms to the Paying Agent and Monte Titoli and, in accordance with Condition 
18 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable). 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(d), the Issuer shall be 
bound to redeem the Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(d), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (MREL Disqualification Event) described in the relevant Final Terms, together (if 
appropriate) with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d), the Issuer 
shall make available, upon request, to the relevant Noteholder a certificate signed by two 
authorised signatories of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption 
and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the 
Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be conclusive and binding on the 
Noteholders). 
Any redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(d) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(e) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being applicable, the Notes may (subject, in the case of Subordinated Notes, to prior 
approval of the Relevant Authority) be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer's giving not less than 30 nor more 
than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent, Monte Titoli and the Noteholders (which notices shall 
be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the case may be, the Notes 
specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(e) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(e) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(f) 
Partial redemption: If the Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be 
selected in accordance with the rules of Monte Titoli (to be reflected in the records of Monte 
Titoli as a pro rata reduction in principal amount), subject to compliance with applicable laws 
and the rules of each listing authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which 
the Notes have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, then the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or less than the minimum so specified. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the partial redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase 
or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 195 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 195 - 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no partial redemption in accordance with this Condition 
10(f) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in part, such Notes prior to the fifth anniversary 
of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the partial redemption 
pursuant to this Condition 10(f) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(g) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes 
in accordance with Condition 10(a) (Scheduled redemption), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption for regulatory reasons), Condition 10(e) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) 
(Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) and any purchase in accordance with 
Condition 10(l) (Purchase) is subject to compliance with the then applicable Banking 
Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer having obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance 
with Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, as amended or replaced from time to time, where 
either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), 
the Issuer replaces the Subordinated Notes with Own Funds instruments of 
equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that 
its Own Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers 
necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary 
of the Issue Date of the relevant Subordinated Notes, if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), the Issuer having demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant 
Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is 
material and was not reasonably foreseeable as at the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for 
call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated 
Notes), a Regulatory Event has occurred; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at 
terms that are sustainable for income capacity of the Issuer and the Relevant 
Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it 
would be beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by 
exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any alternative or additional conditions or requirements as may 
be applicable from time to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations.

--- Page 196 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 196 - 
 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the 
Subordinated Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower 
of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the aggregate nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant 
Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate nominal amount of the Tier 2 
Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure that any such 
redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and (B) 
of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph.  
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
(i) Application: This Condition 10(h) is applicable only to Senior Preferred Notes and if the 
Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(ii) Put Options: The Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Note redeem such Note on 
the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such 
date. In order to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(h), the holder of a Note 
must deliver to any Paying Agent a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from any Paying Agent. The Paying Agent to which a Note is so delivered shall 
deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the relevant Noteholder. Upon delivery of 
a Put Option Notice and up to including the Optional Redemption Date (Put), no transfer 
of title to the Note(s) for which the Put Option Notice has been delivered will be allowed. 
At least 5 Business Days prior to the Optional Redemption Date (Put), the Issuer and the 
Paying Agent shall notify Monte Titoli of the amount of Notes to be redeemed on the 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Put) and the aggregate Optional Redemption Amount (Put). 
(i) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-
Up Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75% or any 
higher percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the 
initial aggregate nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of 
doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the 
first Tranche of a particular Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf 
of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer may at any time, at its option, and having given to the 
Paying Agent, the relevant Clearing Systems and, in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices), 
the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Notice") (which notices shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption), redeem such outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clean-up 
redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued 
interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on the date fixed for redemption identified 
in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice.  
In the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred 
to in this Condition 10(i) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes).

--- Page 197 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 197 - 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(i) shall be 
subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or, 
repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(j) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 10(a) (Scheduled redemption) to 10(h) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders). 
(k) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Redemption Amount payable on redemption, pursuant to Condition 10 (Redemption 
and Purchase), of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date shall be an amount 
equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference 
Price from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and 
payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the 
calculation in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such 
Day Count Fraction as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purposes of this 
Condition 10(k) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
In the case of Senior Notes, the call option pursuant to this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or 
modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no call option in accordance with this Condition 10(k) may 
be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes prior to the fifth 
anniversary of their Issue Date. Starting from the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, the 
redemption pursuant to this Condition 10(k) shall be subject to Condition 10(g) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Subordinated Notes). 
(l) 
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may purchase Notes in any manner and at any 
price, provided that:  
(i) in the case of Subordinated Notes, the purchase of the relevant Subordinated Notes by the 
Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 10(g) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of 
Subordinated Notes); and 
(ii) 
in the case of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the purchase of 
the relevant Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes by the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries shall take place subject as provided in Condition 10(n) (Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(m) 
Cancellation: All Notes which are so redeemed or purchased and subsequently surrendered for 
cancellation by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and may not be reissued 
or resold. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment, repurchase or modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes

--- Page 198 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 198 - 
 
Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 10(b) 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event), Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 
10(f) (Partial redemption), Condition 10(i) (Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer) 
and any purchase in accordance with Condition 10(l) (Purchase) of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements (Eligible Liabilities Instruments) or, in case of a redemption pursuant to 
Condition 10(d) (Redemption of Senior Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), qualified 
as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of the 
MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant 
Authority in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is 
met: 
(i) on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Relevant Notes with Own Funds instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments 
of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds 
and Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, 
exceed the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable 
Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or 
full replacement of the relevant notes with Own Funds instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations for continuing authorisation, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be applicable from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall 
not exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, 
instruments, subject to criteria that ensure that any such redemption or purchase will be in 
accordance with the conditions set out in sub-paragraphs (i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in 
accordance with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any 
purposes. 
11. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Principal: Payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be credited, according 
to the instructions of Monte Titoli, by the Paying Agent to the accounts of the Monte Titoli 
Account Holders whose accounts with Monte Titoli are credited with those Notes and thereafter 
credited by such Monte Titoli Account Holders to the accounts of the beneficial owners of those 
Notes or through Euroclear and Clearstream Banking to the accounts with Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking of the beneficial owners of those Notes, in accordance with the rules and 
procedures of Monte Titoli, Euroclear or Clearstream Banking, as the case may be. 
(b) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without 
prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction

--- Page 199 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 199 - 
 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the "Code") or otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(c) 
Commissions or Expenses: No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in 
respect of such payments. 
(d) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note 
is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day and shall not be entitled to any further interest 
or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
12. 
TAXATION 
(a) 
Withholding and deduction: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of 
the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding 
or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by 
or on behalf of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein 
or thereof having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, 
assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. 
(b) 
Gross up: In the event that such withholding or deduction of taxes, duties, assessments, or 
governmental charges is required by law (as referred to in Condition 12(a)), the Issuer shall pay 
such additional amounts necessary for the net amounts received by the Noteholders after such 
withholding or deduction to equal the respective amounts of principal, in the case of Senior 
Preferred Notes not qualifying at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements only, or interest, in the case of any Notes, which would otherwise have been 
receivable in respect of the Notes in the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that 
no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Note presented for payment: 
(i) 
in the Republic of Italy; 
(ii) 
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or 
governmental charges in respect of such Note by reason of its having some connection 
with the Republic of Italy other than the mere holding of such Note; or 
(iii) 
by a non-Italian resident entity or individual which is resident for tax purposes in a 
country which does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Italian 
tax authorities; or 
(iv) 
by an Italian resident, to the extent that interest is paid to an Italian individual or an 
Italian legal entity not carrying on a business (including, but not limited to (A) 
partnerships, de facto partnerships not carrying on a business and professional 
associations, (B) public and private resident entities, other than companies, not carrying 
on a business, and (C) certain other Persons exempt from corporate income tax) or to 
such other Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes 
are connected or resident entities which have been or may be identified by Legislative 
Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 and related regulations of implementation which have 
been or may subsequently be enacted ("Decree 239"); or 
(v) 
in all circumstances in which the requirements and procedures set forth in Decree 239 
have not been met or complied with except where such requirements and procedures

--- Page 200 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 200 - 
 
have not been met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its 
agents; or 
(vi) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to such additional amounts if it had presented such Note on 
the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(vii) 
in respect of Notes classified as atypical securities (titoli atipici) where such 
withholding or deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, 
as amended or supplemented from time to time. 
(c) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other 
than the Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to in the Republic of Italy shall be 
construed as references to the Republic of Italy and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT 
Events of Default: If any of the following events occurs: 
(i) Winding-up etc.: an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding up, 
liquidation or dissolution of the Issuer (otherwise than for the purposes of or pursuant to an 
amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent or on terms previously approved by 
Extraordinary Resolution); or 
(ii) Analogous event: any event occurs which under the laws of the Republic of Italy has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraph (i) (Winding up, etc.) above, 
then any Note may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the 
Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, 
whereupon it shall become immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with 
accrued interest (if any) without further action or formality. No Event of Default shall occur other than 
in the circumstances under paragraphs (i) and (ii) above (and, for the avoidance of doubt, resolution 
proceeding(s) or moratoria imposed by a resolution authority in respect of the Issuer shall not constitute 
an Event of Default for any purpose).  
14. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Notes are presented for payment within ten 
years of the appropriate Relevant Date.  
15. 
PAYING AGENT 
The initial Paying Agent is the Issuer. The initial Calculation Agent (if any) is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to appoint another person to act as Paying Agent 
or vary or terminate the appointment of any paying agent appointed under the terms of an agency 
agreement in a customary form and/or appoint additional or other paying agents and appoint a successor 
issuing and principal paying agent or Calculation Agent, provided it will at all times maintain: 
(a) 
a Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agent or it Specified Offices will promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices).

--- Page 201 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 201 - 
 
16. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS, MODIFICATION, WAIVER  
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders contains provisions for 
convening meetings of Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the 
modification of any provision of these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if 
sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and 
shall be convened by it upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one-
tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. The quorum at any meeting 
convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or 
representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes or, 
at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters 
may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at 
which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any 
adjourned meeting, one quarter of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form 
a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on 
all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all Noteholders who for the time 
being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take effect as if it were an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one document or 
several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b) 
Modification and waiver: The Notes and these Conditions may be amended without the consent 
of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the Issuer may not effect, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, any modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders. 
With respect to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, any waiver or modification of the Notes may 
be sanctioned in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 16 only to the extent 
permitted under Article 12-bis, paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law, and the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Paying Agent a certificate signed by a duly authorised signatory of the Issuer 
stating that such waiver or modification of the Notes is permitted under Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 4, of the Consolidated Banking Law. 
(c) 
Modification of Subordinated Notes following a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event 
This Condition 16(c) applies to Subordinated Notes if Modification of Subordinated Notes for 
Regulatory Event or Tax Event or Variation for an Alignment Event is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of 
Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer may, subject to 
giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required from, the Relevant 
Authority vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, at any time without any requirement for 
consent of the holders of Subordinated Notes, so that the Subordinated Notes are varied to 
become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor 
more than 60 days' notice to the Paying Agent and the holders of Subordinated Notes and 
subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and as required therefor 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations and in accordance with the Applicable Banking 
Regulations in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Subordinated Notes shall, by virtue of subscribing and/or purchasing and 
holding any Subordinated Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of the terms of

--- Page 202 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 202 - 
 
Subordinated Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take any 
action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes which is necessary or convenient to implement the modification of the 
terms of Subordinated Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(c), "Qualifying Subordinated Notes" means securities 
issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have the terms not less favourable to the holders of 
Subordinated Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with 
an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms such that they comply with the 
minimum requirement under the Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 
2 Capital of the Issuer; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated 
Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from 
time to time applying to the Subordinated Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as 
the Subordinated Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to 
any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) 
the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and (f) are assigned (or 
maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned 
to the Subordinated Notes (if rated) immediately prior to modification; 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes 
were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification; and 
(iii) are not subject, at the time of, or immediately following, such modification, to any early 
redemption right for taxation reasons. 
(d) 
Modification of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes following a MREL 
Disqualification Event 
This Condition 16(d) applies to Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes if 
Modification of Notes for MREL Disqualification Event or Variation for an Alignment Event 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event or, if Variation for an Alignment Event is indicated as applicable in the 
relevant Final Terms, an Alignment Event occurs or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual Recognition of Bail-in Powers), then the Issuer 
may, subject to giving any notice required to be given to, and receiving any consent required 
from, the Relevant Authority vary the terms of such Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, at any time without any requirement for consent of the holders of Senior 
Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes, so that the Senior Preferred Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes are varied to become or remain Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes or 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days' notice to the Paying Agent and the holders of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and subject to receiving the prior consent from the Relevant Authority if and 
as required therefor under the MREL Requirements in force at the relevant time. 
The holders of Senior Preferred Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall, by virtue of 
subscribing and/or purchasing and holding any Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, be deemed to have accepted the modification of the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and to have granted to the Issuer full powers and authority to take 
any action and/or execute and deliver any document in the name and /or on behalf of the holders 
of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes which is necessary or convenient to

--- Page 203 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 203 - 
 
implement the modification of the terms of Senior Preferred Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes. 
For the purposes of this Condition 16(d): 
"Qualifying Senior Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the 
Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation 
with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the terms of the 
Senior Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at such time result in 
such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's 
(as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities under the then 
applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least equal to that of the Senior 
Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the same Interest Payment Dates as 
those from time to time applying to the Senior Preferred Notes; (d) have the same 
redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior 
Preferred Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period 
from (and including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and 
(e) are assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same 
outlook as were assigned to the Senior Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such 
variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Preferred 
Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification. 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by 
the Issuer that: 
(i) other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 22 (Contractual 
Recognition of Bail-in Powers), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following 
consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of international standing, than the 
terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and they shall also (a) contain terms which at 
such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards fulfilment of the Issuer's 
and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (b) provide for a ranking at least 
equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (c) have the same interest rate and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes; (d) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(e) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued 
interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest 
Payment Date last preceding the date of modification; and (e) are assigned (or maintain) 
the same or higher solicited credit ratings with the same outlook as were assigned to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (if rated) immediately prior to such variation; and 
(ii) are listed or admitted to trading on a recognised stock exchange if the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes were listed or admitted to trading immediately prior to such modification. 
17. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for the Issue 
Price, the Issue Date and/or the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes.

--- Page 204 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 204 - 
 
18. 
NOTICES 
For so long as the Notes are held through Monte Titoli, all notices regarding the Notes will be deemed 
to be validly given if published through the systems of Monte Titoli and, if the Notes are listed on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and the rules of that exchange so require, a leading newspaper having 
general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/) or in either case, if such publication is not 
practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any 
such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on which publication shall have been made in 
all the required newspapers).  
19. 
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or any order or judgment given or made in relation 
thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same is payable under 
these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second currency") for the 
purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an order or judgment 
in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in relation to the 
Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such Noteholder addressed 
to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Paying Agent, against any loss 
suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for such purpose to convert 
the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the rate or rates of exchange 
at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the first currency with the 
second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, of any such order, 
judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
20. 
ROUNDING 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the 
next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, 
with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21. 
GOVERNING LAW AND JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law: The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection 
with the Notes are governed by Italian law. 
(b) 
Italian courts: The courts of Milan have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute (a 
"Dispute") arising out of or in connection with the Notes (including a dispute relating to the 
existence, validity or termination of the Notes or any non-contractual obligation arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes) or the consequences of their nullity. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: The Issuer agrees that the courts of Milan are the most appropriate and 
convenient courts to settle any Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not argue to the contrary.

--- Page 205 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 205 - 
 
(d) 
Rights of the Noteholders to take proceedings outside Italy: Condition 21(b) (Italian courts) is 
for the benefit of the Noteholders only. As a result, nothing in this Condition 21 prevents any 
Noteholder from taking proceedings relating to a Dispute ("Proceedings") in any other courts 
with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, Noteholders may take concurrent Proceedings 
in any number of jurisdictions. 
22. 
CONTRACTUAL RECOGNITION OF BAIL-IN POWERS 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1) 
of the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market) agrees to be bound by and consent to: 
(i) the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may 
include and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: (A) the reduction of all, or 
a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; (B) the conversion 
of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but 
unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto, into ordinary 
shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person (and the issue to or 
conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including by means of an 
amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; (C) the cancellation of the Notes or the 
principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon 
and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation thereto; and (D) the amendment or alteration of 
the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest payable on the Notes, or the date 
on which the interest become payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period; 
and 
(ii) the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect 
to the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 18 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give 
notice shall not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes 
described in this Condition 22. 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not 
constitute an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the 
outstanding principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest 
payments to reflect the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of 
the terms that the Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, 
including in particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters 
described herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to 
the application of the Bail-In Power. 
As used in this Condition: 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down and/or conversion power existing from time to time 
under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of credit institutions,

--- Page 206 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 206 - 
 
investment firms and/or Group Entities incorporated in the relevant Member State in effect and 
applicable in the relevant Member State to the Issuer or other Group Entities, including (but not limited 
to) any such laws, regulations, rules or requirements that are implemented, adopted or enacted within 
the context of any European Union directive or regulation of the European Parliament and of the 
Council establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment 
firms and/or within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or otherwise, pursuant to 
which liabilities of a credit institution, investment firm and/or any Group Entities can be reduced, 
cancelled and/or converted into shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person; 
"Group Entity" means the Issuer or any legal person that is part of the Group; 
"Resolution Power" means any statutory write-down, transfer and/or conversion power existing from 
time to time under any laws regulations, rules or requirements relating to the resolution of the Issuer or 
any other entities of the Group, including but not limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements 
implementing the BRRD and/or the SRM Regulation; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No 806/2014 of the European Parliament and Council of 
15 July 2014 establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit institutions 
and certain investment firms in the framework of a Single Resolution Mechanism and a Single 
Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from time to 
time; and 
"SRM II Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and 
recapitalisation capacity of credit institutions and investment firms.

--- Page 207 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 207 - 
 
SCHEDULE 1 TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS FOR THE DEMATERIALISED 
NOTES 
PROVISIONS FOR MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS 
The following provisions (the "Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders") will apply to the meetings 
of the holders of the Dematerialised Notes and will remain in full force and effect until full repayment 
or cancellation of the Dematerialised Notes to which the Provisions apply. 
The contents of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders are subject to any mandatory provisions 
of Italian law (including, without limitation, those set out in the Financial Services Act) and the Issuer's 
By-Laws in force from time to time. 
Unless otherwise provided in these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, any capitalised term shall 
have the meaning attributed to it in the Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes. 
In these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, the terms below shall have the following meaning: 
"Block Voting Instruction" means, in relation to any Meeting, a document requested by any 
Noteholder and issued by the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder in accordance with 
applicable laws and regulations, delivered to the Paying Agent: 
(a) 
certifying that certain specified Notes (the "Blocked Notes") are blocked in an account 
with the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier 
of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender to such Paying Agent, not less than 48 hours before the time fixed 
for the Meeting (or, if the Meeting has been adjourned, the time fixed for its 
resumption), of the receipt for the Blocked Notes by the Paying Agent to the 
Issuer; 
(b) 
certifying that the holder of each Blocked Note has instructed that the votes attributable 
to such Blocked Note are to be cast in a particular way on each resolution to be put to 
the Meeting and that, during the period of 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
Meeting, such instructions may not be amended or revoked; 
(c) 
listing the total number of the Blocked Notes, distinguishing for each resolution 
between those in respect of which instructions have been given to vote for, or against, 
the resolution; and 
(d) 
authorising a named individual or individuals to vote in respect of the Blocked Notes 
in accordance with such instructions; 
"Chairman" means, in relation to any Meeting, the individual who takes the chair in 
accordance with paragraph 6 (Chairman); 
"Extraordinary Resolution" means a resolution passed at a Meeting duly convened and held 
in accordance with these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders by a majority of not less than 
three quarters of the votes cast; 
"Meeting" means a meeting of Noteholders (whether originally convened or resumed following 
an adjournment);

--- Page 208 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 208 - 
 
"Proxy" means, in relation to any Meeting, a person appointed to vote under a Block Voting 
Instruction other than: 
(a) 
any such person whose appointment has been revoked and in relation to whom the 
Paying Agent has been notified in writing of such revocation by the time which is 48 
hours before the time fixed for such Meeting; and 
(b) 
any such person appointed to vote at a Meeting which has been adjourned for want of 
a quorum and who has not been re-appointed to vote at the Meeting when it is resumed; 
"Relevant Fraction" means: 
(a) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution, one tenth; 
(b) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution other than one relating to a Reserved 
Matter, one more than half; and 
(c) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, three 
quarters; 
(d) 
provided, however, that, in the case of a Meeting which has resumed after adjournment 
for want of a quorum it means: 
(i) 
for all business other than voting on an Extraordinary Resolution relating to a 
Reserved Matter, the fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes represented or held by the Voters actually present at the 
Meeting; and 
(ii) 
for voting on any Extraordinary Resolution relating to a Reserved Matter, one 
quarter; 
"Reserved Matter" means any proposal: 
(a) 
to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes, to 
reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of the Notes 
or to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes 
on redemption or maturity or the date for any such payment; 
(b) 
to effect the exchange or substitution of the Notes for, or the conversion of the Notes 
into, shares, bonds or other obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person 
or body corporate formed or to be formed; 
(c) 
to change the currency in which amounts due in respect of the Notes are payable; 
(d) 
to change the quorum required at any Meeting or the majority required to pass an 
Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(e) 
to amend this definition; 
"Voter" means, in relation to any Meeting, the bearer of a Voting Certificate or a Proxy; 
"Voting Certificate" means, in relation to any Meeting, a certificate issued by the relevant 
Monte Titoli account Holder in accordance with applicable laws and regulations in which it is 
stated:

--- Page 209 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 209 - 
 
(a) 
that the Blocked Notes have been blocked in an account with the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holder and will not be released until the earlier of: 
(i) 
the conclusion of the Meeting; and 
(ii) 
the surrender of such certificate to the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder 
and the notification of release thereof to the Issuer; and 
(b) 
that the bearer of such certificate is entitled to attend and vote at the Meeting in respect 
of the Blocked Notes; 
"Written Resolution" means a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of all holders of 
Notes who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a Meeting in accordance with the 
provisions of these Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders, whether contained in one document 
or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more such holders 
of the Notes; 
"24 hours" means a period of 24 hours including all or part of a day upon which banks are open 
for business in both the places where the relevant Meeting is to be held and in each of the places 
where the Paying Agents has its Specified Offices (disregarding for this purpose the day upon 
which such Meeting is to be held) and such period shall be extended by one period or, to the 
extent necessary, more periods of 24 hours until there is included as aforesaid all or part of a 
day upon which banks are open for business as aforesaid; and 
"48 hours" means 2 consecutive periods of 24 hours. 
1. 
ISSUE OF VOTING CERTIFICATES AND BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
The holder of a Note may obtain a Voting Certificate from the relevant Monte Titoli Account 
Holder or require the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder to issue a Block Voting Instruction 
in respect of such Note, in each case not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the relevant 
Meeting. A Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction shall be valid until the release of the 
Blocked Notes to which it relates. So long as a Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction 
is valid, the bearer thereof (in the case of a Voting Certificate) or any Proxy named therein (in 
the case of a Block Voting Instruction) shall be deemed to be the holder of the Notes to which 
it relates for all purposes in connection with the Meeting. A Voting Certificate and a Block 
Voting Instruction cannot be outstanding simultaneously in respect of the same Note. 
2. 
REFERENCES TO BLOCKING/RELEASE OF NOTES 
References to the blocking, or release of Notes shall be construed in accordance with the usual 
practices (including blocking the relevant account) of the relevant clearing system. 
3. 
VALIDITY OF BLOCK VOTING INSTRUCTIONS 
A Block Voting Instruction shall be valid only if it is deposited at the Specified Office of the 
Paying Agent, or at some other place approved by the Paying Agent, at least 48 hours before 
the time fixed for the relevant Meeting or the Chairman decides otherwise before the Meeting 
proceeds to business. If the Paying Agent requires, a notarised copy of each Block Voting 
Instruction and satisfactory proof of the identity of each Proxy named therein shall be produced 
at the Meeting, but the Paying Agent shall not be obliged to investigate the validity of any Block 
Voting Instruction or the authority of any Proxy. 
4. 
CONVENING OF MEETING

--- Page 210 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 210 - 
 
The Issuer may convene a Meeting at any time and shall be obliged to do so upon the request 
in writing of Noteholders holding not less than one tenth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. 
5. 
NOTICE 
At least 21 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the relevant Meeting is to be held) specifying the date, time and place of the Meeting 
shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with a copy to the Issuer). The notice 
shall set out the full text of any resolutions to be proposed and shall state that the Notes may be 
blocked with the relevant Monte Titoli Account Holder for the purpose of obtaining Voting 
Certificates or appointing Proxies not later than 48 hours before the time fixed for the Meeting. 
6. 
CHAIRMAN 
An individual (who may, but need not, be a Noteholder) nominated in writing by the Issuer may 
take the chair at any Meeting but, if no such nomination is made or if the individual nominated 
is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the Meeting, those present shall elect 
one of themselves to take the chair failing which, the Issuer may appoint a Chairman. The 
Chairman of an adjourned Meeting need not be the same person as was the Chairman of the 
original Meeting. 
7. 
QUORUM 
The quorum at any Meeting shall be at least two Voters representing or holding not less than 
the Relevant Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes; provided, 
however, that, so long as at least the Relevant Fraction of the aggregate principal amount of the 
outstanding Notes is represented by a Global Note, a single Proxy representing the holder 
thereof shall be deemed to be two Voters for the purpose of forming a quorum. 
8. 
ADJOURNMENT FOR WANT OF QUORUM 
If within 15 minutes after the time fixed for any Meeting a quorum is not present, then: 
(a) 
in the case of a Meeting requested by Noteholders, it shall be dissolved; and 
(b) 
in the case of any other Meeting, it shall be adjourned for such period (which shall be 
not less than 14 days and not more than 42 days) and to such place as the Chairman 
determines; provided, however, that: 
(i) 
the Meeting shall be dissolved if the Issuer so decides; and 
(ii) 
no Meeting may be adjourned more than once for want of a quorum. 
9. 
ADJOURNED MEETING 
The Chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) any Meeting, adjourn such 
Meeting from time to time and from place to place, but no business shall be transacted at any 
adjourned Meeting except business which might lawfully have been transacted at the Meeting 
from which the adjournment took place. 
10. 
NOTICE FOLLOWING ADJOURNMENT 
Paragraph 5 (Notice) shall apply to any Meeting which is to be resumed after adjournment for 
want of a quorum save that:

--- Page 211 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 211 - 
 
(a) 
10 days' notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on 
which the Meeting is to be resumed) shall be sufficient; and 
(b) 
the notice shall specifically set out the quorum requirements which will apply when the 
Meeting resumes. 
It shall not be necessary to give notice of the resumption of a Meeting which has been adjourned 
for any other reason. 
11. 
PARTICIPATION 
The following may attend and speak at a Meeting: 
(a) 
Voters; 
(b) 
representatives of the Issuer and the Paying Agent; 
(c) 
the financial advisers of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the legal counsel to the Issuer and the Paying Agent; and 
(e) 
any other person approved by the Meeting. 
12. 
SHOW OF HANDS 
Every question submitted to a Meeting shall be decided in the first instance by a show of hands. 
Unless a poll is validly demanded before or at the time that the result is declared, the Chairman's 
declaration that on a show of hands a resolution has been passed, passed by a particular 
majority, rejected or rejected by a particular majority shall be conclusive, without proof of the 
number of votes cast for, or against, the resolution. Where there is only one Voter, this 
paragraph shall not apply and the resolution will immediately be decided by means of a poll. 
13. 
POLL 
A demand for a poll shall be valid if it is made by the Chairman, the Issuer or one or more 
Voters representing or holding not less than one fiftieth of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Notes. The poll may be taken immediately or after such adjournment as the 
Chairman directs, but any poll demanded on the election of the Chairman or on any question of 
adjournment shall be taken at the Meeting without adjournment. A valid demand for a poll shall 
not prevent the continuation of the relevant Meeting for any other business as the Chairman 
directs. 
14. 
VOTES 
Every Voter shall have: 
(a) 
on a show of hands, one vote; and 
(b) 
on a poll, the number of votes obtained by dividing the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Note(s) represented or held by him by the unit of currency in which the 
Notes are denominated. 
In the case of a voting tie the Chairman shall have a casting vote.

--- Page 212 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 212 - 
 
Unless the terms of any Block Voting Instruction state otherwise, a Voter shall not be obliged 
to exercise all the votes to which he is entitled or to cast all the votes which he exercises in the 
same way. 
15. 
VALIDITY OF VOTES BY PROXIES 
Any vote by a Proxy in accordance with the relevant Block Voting Instruction shall be valid 
even if such Block Voting Instruction or any instruction pursuant to which it was given has 
been amended or revoked, provided that the Fiscal Agent has not been notified in writing of 
such amendment or revocation by the time which is 48 hours before the time fixed for the 
relevant Meeting. Unless revoked, any appointment of a Proxy under a Block Voting 
Instruction in relation to a Meeting shall remain in force in relation to any resumption of such 
Meeting following an adjournment; provided, however, that no such appointment of a Proxy in 
relation to a Meeting originally convened which has been adjourned for want of a quorum shall 
remain in force in relation to such Meeting when it is resumed. Any person appointed to vote 
at such a Meeting must be re-appointed under a Block Voting Instruction Proxy to vote at the 
Meeting when it is resumed. 
16. 
POWERS 
A Meeting shall have power (exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution), without prejudice to 
any other powers conferred on it or any other person: 
(a) 
to approve any Reserved Matter; 
(b) 
to approve any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or 
compromise of any of the Conditions or any arrangement in respect of the obligations 
of the Issuer under or in respect of the Notes; 
(c) 
to approve the substitution of any person for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as 
principal obligor under the Notes; 
(d) 
to waive any breach or authorise any proposed breach by the Issuer of its obligations 
under or in respect of the Notes or any act or omission which might otherwise constitute 
an event of default under the Notes; 
(e) 
to authorise the Paying Agent or any other person to execute all documents and do all 
things necessary to give effect to any Extraordinary Resolution; 
(f) 
to give any other authorisation or approval which is required to be given by 
Extraordinary Resolution; and 
(g) 
to appoint any persons as a committee to represent the interests of the Noteholders and 
to confer upon such committee any powers which the Noteholders could themselves 
exercise by Extraordinary Resolution. 
17. 
EXTRAORDINARY RESOLUTION BINDS ALL HOLDERS 
An Extraordinary Resolution shall be binding upon all Noteholders whether or not present at 
such Meeting and irrespective of how their vote was cast at such meeting, and each of the 
Noteholders shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. Notice of the result of every vote 
on an Extraordinary Resolution shall be given to the Noteholders and the Paying Agents (with 
a copy to the Issuer) within 14 days of the conclusion of the Meeting. 
18. 
MINUTES

--- Page 213 ---
Terms and Conditions of the Dematerialised Notes 
 
 
- 213 - 
 
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at each Meeting. The Chairman shall 
sign the minutes, which shall be prima facie evidence of the proceedings recorded therein. 
Unless and until the contrary is proved, every such Meeting in respect of the proceedings of 
which minutes have been summarised and signed shall be deemed to have been duly convened 
and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to have been duly passed and 
transacted. 
19. 
WRITTEN RESOLUTION 
A Written Resolution shall take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 214 ---
- 214 - 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be substantially in the following form, duly 
completed to reflect the particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section 
appearing in italics does not form part of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for 
completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (the "EU Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the "PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in 
the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS 
ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval 
process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in EU 
MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturers' target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market 
for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and 
(ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and

--- Page 215 ---
- 215 - 
 
Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. 
Issue of [currency] [aggregate principal amount of Tranche] [description] Notes 
under the €5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes in Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form] [Terms and Conditions for the Dematerialised Notes] (the "Conditions") set forth in 
the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert 
date] [delete if not applicable],] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms 
of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with such Base Prospectus [as so 
supplemented]. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis 
of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for viewing at and copies may be available from 
the address of the Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) and the website of the 
Issuer (www.iccreabanca.it). The Base Prospectus and, in the case of Notes admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.luxse.com/ ).] 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions 
for the English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes] (the "Conditions") set 
forth in the Base Prospectus dated 7 September 2023. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Notes described herein for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation") 
and, save in respect of the Conditions, must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 5 
September 2024 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] [delete if not 
applicable],] ([together,] the "Base Prospectus") in order to obtain all the relevant information. The 
Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Prospectus Regulation. The 
Conditions are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and the 
offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base 
Prospectus. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus] [is/are] available for 
viewing at and copies may be available from the address of the Issuer at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 
00178 Rome (Italy) and the website of the Issuer (www.iccreabanca.it). The Base Prospectus and, in 
the case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(http://www.luxse.com/ ).]. 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Final Terms.)

--- Page 216 ---
- 216 - 
 
(When completing any final terms, consideration should be given as to whether such terms or 
information constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation). 
1. 
[(i)] 
[Series Number:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche Number:] 
[●] 
 
[(iii)] Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for 
trading purposes with the [●] on [[●]/the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph 24 below [which is expected to be on or 
about [●].]]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
(Condition 
2(a) 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation – Definitions – "Specified 
Currency")) 
[●] 
3. 
Aggregate Principal Amount: 
[●] 
 
[(i)] 
[Series:] 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
[Tranche:] 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
(Condition 
2(a) 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation – Definitions – "Issue 
Price")) 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Principal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date]] (in the case of 
fungible issues only, if applicable) 
5. 
(i) 
Specified denominations: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Specified Denominations")) 
[●] [and integral multiplies of [●] in excess thereof 
up to and including [●]. No Notes in definitive form 
will be issued with a denomination above [●].] 
 
 
(The minimum denomination of Notes admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the European 
Economic Area in circumstances which require the 
publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount of such currency). In the case of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes will have a 
minimum denomination of €150,000 (or equivalent) 
and in the case of Subordinated Notes, Notes will 
have a minimum denomination of €200,000 (or

--- Page 217 ---
- 217 - 
 
equivalent), or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time.) 
 
 
(Notes including Notes denominated in Sterling, in 
respect of which the issue proceeds are to be 
accepted by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or, 
whose issue otherwise, constitutes a contravention of 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 and which 
have a maturity of less than one year must have a 
minimum redemption value of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies).) 
 
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Calculation Amount")) 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
[(i)] 
Issue Date: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Issue Date")) 
[●] 
 
[(ii)] 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Interest Commencement Date")) 
[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
(Condition 
2(a) 
(Definitions 
and 
Interpretation – Definitions –"Maturity 
Date")) 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year) 
 
 
(If the Maturity Date is less than one year from the 
Issue Date and either (a) the issue proceeds are 
received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) 
the activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an 
establishment maintained by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom, (i) the Notes must have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in 
other currencies) and be sold only to "professional 
investors" or (ii) another applicable exemption from 
section 19 of the FSMA must be available.) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
(Condition 
7 
(Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions) / Condition 7B (Reset Note 
Provisions) Condition 8 (Floating Rate 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●], then [●] per 
cent. Fixed Rate from [●] to [●]]

--- Page 218 ---
- 218 - 
 
and 
CMS 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions) and Condition 9 (Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions)) 
[[●] per cent. to be reset on [●] [and [●]] and every 
[●] anniversary thereafter] 
[[EURIBOR]/ [ECB Interest Rate] +/- [ ] per cent. per 
annum Floating Rate] 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(further particulars specified below) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption 
at 
par]/[Redemption 
at 
par 
in 
Instalment Amounts] 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
(Condition 9A (Change of Interest Basis)) 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(if applicable, specify the date when any fixed to 
floating rate or vice-versa change occurs or cross 
refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 (as appropriate) below 
and identify there) 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Reset Date(s): 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable]] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of 
the Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 of the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes in Physical Form, Condition 19 of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in 
Physical Form or Condition 18 of the Dematerialised 
Notes on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[●] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
(Condition 
10(e) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
the 
Issuer)) 
or 
(Condition 
10(h) 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders) and 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Call due to MREL Disqualification Event]

--- Page 219 ---
- 219 - 
 
Condition 
10(f) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Partial redemption)) 
Clean-up Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
[(further 
particulars 
specified 
in 
paragraph 
[17]/[18]/[19]/[20]/[21]/[22] below)] 
12. (i) 
Status of the Notes: 
(Condition 4 (Status of Senior 
Preferred Notes)) or Condition 5 
(Status of Senior Non -Preferred 
Notes) or Condition 6 (Status of 
Subordinated Notes) 
[Senior Preferred Notes]/[Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes]/[Subordinated Notes] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 
7 
(Fixed 
Rate 
Note 
Provisions)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/(if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies): Applicable for the period starting 
from [and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
(Condition 7(b) (Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions – Accrual of interest)) 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Interest Payment Date")) 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Fixed Coupon Amount")) 
[[●] per Calculation Amount] 
(Specify different Fixed Coupon Amounts if different 
Rates of Interest are specified as being applicable in 
respect of different Interest Periods.) 
/ 
(for Instalment Notes only:) [See column "Fixed 
Coupon Amount per Note of a denomination of the 
Calculation Amount" in the Appendix to the Final 
Terms for details of the Fixed Coupon Amount per 
Note of a denomination of the Calculation Amount 
payable on each Interest Payment Date] 
 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]] / [Not Applicable]

--- Page 220 ---
- 220 - 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Broken Amount")) 
 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Day Count Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA)]/[Actual/365]/[Actual/Actual 
(ISDA)]/[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]/[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360]/[Eurobond 
basis] 
 
 
 
 
(vi) 
Unmatured Coupons void: 
(Condition 
11(f) 
(Unmatured 
Coupons void) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form, and 
Condition 
11(g) 
(Unmatured 
Coupons void) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
14. Reset Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(i)  
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[ ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii)  
First Margin: 
[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii)  
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv)  
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding [ ]] 
 
(v)  
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi)  
Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii)  
First Reset Date: 
[ ] 
 
(viii)  Second Reset Date: 
[ ]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix)  
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[ ] [and [ ]] 
 
(x)  
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xi)  
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate]

--- Page 221 ---
- 221 - 
 
 
(xii)  
Mid-Swap Maturity 
[ ] 
 
(xiii)  Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] [Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 
(Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond 
Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond 
Basis] 
[30E/360 
(ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xiv)  
Determination Dates: 
[ ] in each year 
 
(xv)  
Business Centre(s): 
[ ] 
 
(xvi)  
Calculation Agent: 
[the Fiscal Agent] / [ ] 
15. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate and CMS 
Linked Interest Note Provisions)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable/(if a Change of Interest 
Basis applies): Applicable for the period starting 
from [and including] [●] ending on [but excluding] 
[●]] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph.) 
 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Interest Payment Date")) 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Business Day Convention")) 
[Floating Rate Convention/ 
Following Business Day Convention/ 
Modified Following Business Day Convention/ 
Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
(iii)  
Specified Period: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Specified Period")) 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Additional 
Business 
Centre(s)")) 
[Not Applicable/[●]]

--- Page 222 ---
- 222 - 
 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate and 
CMS 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions)) 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Calculation Agent")) 
[[Fiscal Agent/an institution other than the Fiscal 
Agent] shall be the Calculation Agent] (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
(Condition 8 (Floating Rate and 
CMS 
Linked 
Interest 
Note 
Provisions)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] (If not applicable delete 
the remaining sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
- 
Reference Rate: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Reference Rate")) 
[EURIBOR/ECB Interest Rate/CMS Rate] 
 
-  
Reference Banks: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Reference Banks")) 
[Not Applicable]/ [●] 
 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Interest Determination Date")) 
[The first Business Day in the relevant Interest 
Period]/ (select where Interest Determination Date 
has the meaning specified in [•]). [•]  
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is euro):[Second TARGET Settlement Day 
prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
(in the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than euro):[Second [specify type 
of day] prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
- 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Relevant Screen Page")) 
[For example, Reuters page EURIBOR01] 
(In the case of CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[For example, 11.00 a.m.[London/Brussels] time]

--- Page 223 ---
- 223 - 
 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Relevant Time")) 
 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Relevant Financial Centre")) 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the euro)) 
 
- 
[Reference Currency:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Reference Currency")) 
[●] 
 
- 
[Designated Maturity:] 
(only relevant where the CMS 
Rate is the Reference Rate) 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Designated Maturity")) 
[●] 
 
- [Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory Event 
in 
case 
of 
Replacement 
Reference Rate:] 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
(Condition 8(e) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
– 
ISDA 
Determination)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 (If not applicable delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
- 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of: EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) or EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]

--- Page 224 ---
- 224 - 
 
(Delegated maturity will not be relevant where the 
Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
 
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]/[as specified in the ISDA Definitions][the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in (ii) above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
(In the case of EURIBOR or ECB Interest Rate or 
CMS Rate based option, the first day of the Interest 
Period) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions –
"Margin")) 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 8(f) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
– 
Maximum 
or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
(Condition 8(f) (Floating Rate 
and CMS Linked Interest Note 
Provisions 
– 
Maximum 
or 
Minimum Rate of Interest)) 
[Not Applicable/[●] per cent. per annum] 
 
(xii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Day Count Fraction")) 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)]/ 
[Actual/365]/ 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)]/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)]/ 
[Actual/360]/[30/360]/[30/360]/[Eurobond basis] 
16. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Accrual Yield")) 
[●] per cent. per annum

--- Page 225 ---
- 225 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Reference Price")) 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17. Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer) 
and 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Partial redemption) 
[●] 
(If the Notes are Subordinated Notes, unless 
otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
the 
Relevant 
Authority's 
requirements applicable to the issue of Subordinated 
Notes by the Issuer, the Optional Redemption Date 
shall not be earlier than five years after the Issue 
Date) 
(If the Notes are Senior Non-Preferred Notes, unless 
otherwise permitted by current laws, regulations, 
directives 
and/or 
the 
Relevant 
Authority's 
requirements applicable to the issue of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes by the Issuer, the Optional 
Redemption Date shall not be earlier than twelve 
months after the Issue Date) 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Amount 
(Call)")) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Minimum Redemption Amount")) 
[●] 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
[●]

--- Page 226 ---
- 226 - 
 
"Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount")) 
 
(iv) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
Condition 10(e) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Redemption at the 
option 
of 
the 
Issuer) 
and 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption and 
Purchase – Partial redemption) 
[●] 
 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
18. Regulatory Call: 
(Condition 
10(c) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Redemption for regulatory 
reasons)) 
[Condition 10(c) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only applicable for Subordinated Notes. If not 
applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of 
this paragraph) 
19. Issuer 
Call 
due 
to 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification Event 
(Condition 10(d)) 
[Condition 10(d) is applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant in the case of Senior Preferred Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(a) Notice period (if other than as set out 
in the Conditions): 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
20. Put Options: 
(Condition 
10(h) 
(Redemption 
and 
Purchase – Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders)) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(Applicable only to Senior Notes/if not applicable, 
delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Optional 
Redemption 
Date 
(Put)")) 
[●]

--- Page 227 ---
- 227 - 
 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put): 
(Condition 2(a) (Definitions and 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
"Optional Redemption Amount 
(Put)")) 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period (if other than as set 
out in the Conditions): 
(Condition 10(h) (Redemption 
and Purchase – Redemption at 
the option of Noteholders)) 
[●] 
(N.B. If setting notice periods which are different 
from those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, 
as between the Issuer and the Paying Agent) 
21. Final Redemption Amount: 
[(for all Notes other than Instalment Notes or Zero 
Coupon Notes:) [at 100 per cent. of their nominal 
amount] / (for Zero Coupon Notes only:) [[●] per 
Calculation Amount] / (for Instalment Notes only:) 
[Notes will be redeemed by payment of Instalment 
Amounts on each Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with the Appendix to the Final Terms 
hereto and in the amount set out therein. Upon 
payment of each Instalment Amount, the outstanding 
principal amount of each Note shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes.] 
The Final Redemption Amount will be the final 
Instalment Amount as set out in the Appendix to the 
Final Terms hereto.] 
22. Clean-up Redemption at the option of 
the Issuer: 
 
(a) 
Clean-Up Percentage 
(b) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount 
and method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
[75 per cent. / [●] per cent.] 
[●] per Calculation Amount / [●] 
23. Early Redemption Amount: 
 
 
(a)  
Early Redemption Amount(s) 
payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
taxation reasons or on event of 
default: 
(Condition 
2(a) 
(Definitions 
Interpretation – Definitions – 
[Not Applicable]/ [●]/(for Instalment Notes only:) 
[The Early Redemption Amount will be, in respect of 
each Note, the principal amount of the Notes 
outstanding following the payment of any Instalment 
Amounts paid by the Issuer prior to the relevant date

--- Page 228 ---
- 228 - 
 
"Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
(Tax)" and "Early Redemption 
Amount (Regulatory Event))") 
for redemption, as set out in the Appendix to the Final 
Terms hereto.] 
(If the Early Redemption Amount (Tax), Early 
Redemption Amount (Regulatory Event) and the 
Early Termination Amount are the principal amount 
of the Notes/specify the Early Redemption Amount 
(Tax) and/or Early Redemption Amount (Regulatory 
Event) and/or the Early Termination Amount if 
different from the principal amount of the Notes.) 
 
(b)  
Early 
Redemption 
Amount 
payable on redemption upon the 
occurrence 
of 
a 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
as 
contemplated 
by 
Condition 
10(d): 
[●] per Calculation Amount/[●] 
24. Instalment Notes: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Instalment Amount(s) 
The amounts set out in the table in the Appendix to 
the Final Terms. 
Notes will be redeemed by payment of the Instalment 
Amounts on each Interest Payment Date in 
accordance with the Appendix to the Final Terms 
hereto and in the amount set out therein. Upon 
payment of each Instalment Amount, the outstanding 
principal amount of each Note shall be reduced by the 
relevant Instalment Amount for all purposes. 
 
(ii) 
Instalment Date(s): 
Each Interest Payment Date as set out in the 
Appendix to the Final Terms. 
25. Modification or Substitution of Notes 
(for English Law Notes in Physical 
Form), Modification of Notes (for 
Italian Law Notes in Physical Form) 
and 
Modification 
of 
Notes 
(for 
Dematerialised Notes) 
 
 
(a)  
Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
Regulatory Event/Tax Event (for 
English Law Notes in Physical 
Form); 
Modification 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
Regulatory Event/Tax Event (for 
Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form); 
Modification 
of 
Subordinated 
Notes 
for 
[Applicable]/[Not 
Applicable] 
in 
relation 
to 
[Regulatory Event/Tax Event]

--- Page 229 ---
- 229 - 
 
Regulatory Event/Tax Event (for 
Dematerialised Notes): 
 
(b)  
Modification or Substitution of 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes for 
MREL Disqualification Event 
(for English Law Notes in 
Physical Form); Modification of 
Senior 
Preferred 
Notes 
and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes for 
MREL Disqualification Event 
(for Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form); Modification of Senior 
Preferred Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred 
Notes 
for 
MREL 
Disqualification 
Event 
(for 
Dematerialised Notes): 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(c)  
Variation 
for 
an 
Alignment 
Event: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
26. Form of Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [30] days' notice.] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on [30] days' notice/at any time/in 
the limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on [30] days' notice/at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note]. 
[Dematerialised Note held by Monte Titoli on behalf 
of the beneficial owners, until redemption or 
cancellation thereof, for the account of the relevant 
Monte Titoli Account Holders] 
27. New Global Note Form: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28. Additional Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Business Days: 
[Not Applicable/[●].] 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the place of 
payment) 
29. Talons for future Coupons for Notes in 
Physical Form or Receipts to be 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupons are left.]

--- Page 230 ---
- 230 - 
 
attached to Definitive Notes (and dates 
on which such Talons mature): 
 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[The Issuer confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, 
and is able to ascertain from information published by [(specify source)], no facts have been omitted 
which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 231 ---
- 231 - 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
/(specify)/None]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange]/ [●] with effect from 
[●].]/[Not Applicable.] (Where documenting a 
fungible issue need to indicate that original 
securities are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimated total expenses of 
admission to trading: 
[●] / [Not Applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued have been rated: 
[Fitch: [●] [insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]]  
[S&P: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]] 
[[Other]: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]]] 
(Insert where the issue has been specifically rated) 
[The following ratings reflect the ratings allocated 
to the Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally: 
[Fitch: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]] 
[S&P: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]] 
[DBRS: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]] 
[[Other]: [●][insert definition of rating provided as 
defined by the rating agency]] 
(Insert where the issue has not been specifically 
rated) 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under

--- Page 232 ---
- 232 - 
 
the Programme generally or, where the issue has 
been specifically rated, that rating.)] 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
UK or certified under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").] /[[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (UK).] 
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the CRA Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and has applied for registration under

--- Page 233 ---
- 233 - 
 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation"), although notification of 
the corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].  [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] appears on 
the latest update of the list of registered credit 
rating agencies (as of [insert date of most recent 
list]) 
on 
the 
ESMA 
website 
http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating [Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is 
endorsed by [insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular credit 
rating agency entity providing rating] has not been 
certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "CRA Regulation 
(UK)") and the rating it has given to the Notes is 
not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the CRA 
Regulation (UK).] 
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not 
applied for registration and details of whether 
rating is endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established and registered in the UK or certified 
under the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
EEA and is neither registered nor has it applied for 
registration under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as amended (the "EU CRA Regulation"). [[Insert 
legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] appears on the latest update of 
the list of registered credit rating agencies (as of 
[insert date of most recent list]) on the ESMA 
website http://www.esma.europa.eu.]. [The rating 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating

--- Page 234 ---
- 234 - 
 
agency entity providing rating] has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation (UK)").] /[[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").]/ [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation.] 
Option 4 - CRA established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation and 
details of whether rating is endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established and registered in the 
EEA or certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in the 
UK and registered under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation").  [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] 
appears on the latest update of the list of registered 
credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of most 
recent list]) on [FCA].  [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes to be 
issued under the Programme is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation").]] [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009, as amended (the "EU CRA 
Regulation").] [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has 
not been certified under Regulation (EC) No

--- Page 235 ---
- 235 - 
 
1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.] 
Option 5 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK but relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA 
which is established and registered under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but the rating it has given to 
the Notes to be issued under the Programme is 
endorsed by [[insert legal name of credit rating 
agency], which is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, 
as 
amended 
(the 
"EU 
CRA 
Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 as 
it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 6 - CRA not established in the EEA or the 
UK and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
CRA Regulation (EU) or the CRA Regulation 
(UK) but CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation (EU) AND/OR under the CRA 
Regulation (UK) 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA or the UK but is certified under 
[Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation")][and][Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation")]. 
Option 7 - CRA neither established in the EEA or 
the UK nor certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established

--- Page 236 ---
- 236 - 
 
in the EEA or the UK and is not certified under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"EU CRA Regulation") or Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under 
the EU CRA Regulation or in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation. 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
 
[Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material 
to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be 
satisfied by the inclusion of the following statement: 
"Save for any fees payable to the [[Joint Lead] Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is 
aware, no person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer."] 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests). 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] [See ["Use of Proceeds"] in Base Prospectus] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, will need to include those use 
of proceeds here. If the Notes are Social Bonds or 
Green Bonds or Sustainability Bonds describe the 
relevant projects to which the net proceeds of the 
Tranche of Notes will be applied and refer to the 
relevant bond framework.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(iii) 
[Green/Sustainable/Social] 
Bond 
 
a. Second Party Opinion 
Provider: 
 
b. Date of Second Party 
Opinion: 
[Yes/Not Applicable] 
 
[insert name of relevant external reviewer] 
 
 
[date] 
 
 
 
 
5. 
[Fixed Rate Notes only] YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable]/[●]

--- Page 237 ---
- 237 - 
 
6. 
[Floating Rate Notes and CMS Index Linked Interest Notes only] HISTORIC INTEREST 
RATES 
 
[Not Applicable] 
[Details of historic [EURIBOR/ECB Interest Rate/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Reuters] /[●].] 
 
[Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated 
by reference to [●] which is provided by [●]. As at 
[●], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation (Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011) (the 
"Benchmarks Regulation"). [As far as the Issuer is 
aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the 
Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that [●] is not 
currently 
required 
to 
obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside the 
European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence).]] 
 
 
 
 
7. 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[(Relevant third party information in respect of the Notes) has been sourced from (specify 
source). [Each of] the Issuer [and the Guarantor] confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain from information 
published by (specify source), no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[●] 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[●] 
 
(For Notes in Physical Form only:) 
 
(iii) 
New Global Note intended to be 
held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that

--- Page 238 ---
- 238 - 
 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]] 
 
(iv) 
Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, société 
anonyme, 
Luxembourg 
or 
Monte Titoli and the relevant 
identification 
number(s) 
and 
addresses: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give name(s), number(s) and 
addresses)] 
 
(v) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
(vi) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
any): 
[●] 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 
a) If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments) 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.)] 
 
b) Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[●] 
 
c) Stabilisation Manager(s) (if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/[●] (give name)] 
 
(ii) 
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: [Not Applicable/[●] (give name and address)] 
 
(iii) US Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2] / [TEFRA 
[C]/[D]] / [TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(iv) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged"

--- Page 239 ---
- 239 - 
 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified.  If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.) 
 
(v) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 240 ---
- 240 - 
 
(for Instalment Notes only:) 
[APPENDIX TO THE FINAL TERMS] 
Instalment 
Date 
Aggregate 
Nominal 
Amount 
outstanding 
at each date 
prior to the 
scheduled 
redemption 
of 
Instalment 
Amount 
Instalment 
Amount 
Principal 
Amount 
outstanding 
following 
payment of 
Instalment 
Amount 
Aggregate of 
Interest 
payable on 
each Interest 
Payment 
Date and on 
the Maturity 
Date in 
respect of 
the last 
payment 
Instalment 
Amount per 
Note of a 
denominatio
n of 
[Calculation 
Amount] 
Fixed 
Coupon 
Amount per 
Note of a 
denominatio
n of 
[Calculation 
Amount] 
 
(in [Specified 
Currency]) 
(in [Specified 
Currency]) 
(in [Specified
Currency]) 
(in [Specified 
Currency]) 
(in [Specified 
Currency]) 
(in [Specified 
Currency]) 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[To be completed in respect of each Instalment Note]

--- Page 241 ---
- 241 - 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be used for (a) the general corporate purposes of the 
Issuer and/or the Group (b) in respect of any Notes which will be issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, 
or Sustainability Bonds, to finance and/or refinance green or social or sustainable projects, as the case 
may be, in accordance with the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework dated 
October 2021 (the "Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework"). 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework is available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documents/Iccrea_Green%20Social%20Sustainability%20Bond%20
Framework.pdf  
The Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework and any other documentation relevant to Notes 
issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds are subject to review and change and 
may be amended, updated, supplemented, replaced or withdrawn from time to time and any subsequent 
version(s) may differ from the description given in this Prospectus.  Potential investors in Notes issued 
as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds should access the latest version of the relevant 
document on the Issuer's website.    
In accordance with the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, an amount equal to 
the net proceeds raised from the issue of any Green Bond, or Social Bond or Sustainability Bond will 
be exclusively allocated to finance and or re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing 
loans/projects as defined within the list of the Eligible Categories set out under the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Framework, aligned to the Green Bond Principles ("GBP"), the Social Bond Principles 
("SBP") or the Sustainability Bond Guidelines ("SBG")), as the case may be, set out by the International 
Capital Market Association ("ICMA"). 
For the purpose of this section:  
“Eligible Categories” means the Green Eligible Categories and/or the Social Eligible Categories; 
“Green Eligible Categories” means the projects identified as such in and selected in accordance with 
the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework in effect at the time of the relevant 
issuance, belonging as at the date of this Base Prospectus to the following categories: Sustainable Water 
and Waste Management; Energy Efficiency; Renewable Energy; Eco-efficient and/or Circular 
Economy Adapted Products; Sustainable Buildings;  
“Social Eligible Categories” means the projects identified as such in and selected in accordance with 
the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework in effect at the time of the relevant 
issuance, belonging as at the date of this Base Prospectus to the following categories: Affordable 
Housing; Socioeconomic Advancement and Empowerment; Affordable Basic Infrastructure; 
Companies/SMEs financing. 
The allocation of the net proceeds deriving from the issue of any Green Bonds or Social Bonds or 
Sustainability Bonds are subject to certain eligibility criteria set forth under the Green, Social and 
Sustainability Bond Framework in respect of any relevant Eligible Categories including, inter alia: 
1. 
with regard to the Green Eligible Categories: 
(a) 
with respect to the Sustainable Water and Waste Management category, the financing and/or 
refinancing, in whole or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects (according to technical 
screening criteria of EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy) related to:

--- Page 242 ---
- 242 - 
 
- 
activities that increase water-use efficiency and quality through water recycling, 
treatment and reuse (including treatment of wastewater), while maintaining a high 
degree of energy efficiency; 
- 
construction, development, operation and maintenance of facilities, systems or 
equipment used for sustainable infrastructure for clean and/or drinking water, 
wastewater treatment and sustainable urban drainage systems; 
(b) 
with respect to the Energy Efficiency category, the financing and/or refinancing, in whole 
or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects for the construction, development and/or 
upgrade to equipment or technology such as: 
- 
smart grid, smart meters, smart thermostats; 
- 
district heating and cooling; 
- 
efficiency of public lighting from traditional lighting to LED technology; 
(c) 
with respect to the Renewable Energy category, the financing and/or refinancing, in whole 
or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects related to renewable energy projects, including 
the following technologies: 
- 
Photovoltaic; 
- 
Solar; 
- 
On shore and offshore wind farms; 
- 
Marine Energy; 
- 
Micro-hydraulic; 
- 
Geothermal; 
- 
Biomethane (methane produced by the fermentation of organic matter); 
(d) 
with respect to the Eco-Efficient and/or Circular Economy Adapted Product category, the 
financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects that 
enable circular economy principles:  
- 
extension of product life cycle (e.g. reuse, repair and/or products regeneration/ 
refurbishment);  
- 
products made of compostable / recyclable resources; 
(e) 
with respect to Sustainable Buildings category, finance or refinance:  
- 
commercial and residential building refurbishment, according to the Italian law on 
energy efficiency improvement;  
- 
the construction, acquisition (including retail mortgages), development or renovation 
of new and existing buildings (including public service, commercial, residential and 
recreational) that have received or are expected to receive third-party sustainable 
certifications or verification such as LEED Gold or Platinum, BREEAM very good, 
HQE – very good/excellent, CASBEE – A(very good) / S(excellent) or equivalent, or 
buildings belonging to the top 15% Low Carbon residential or commercial buildings in 
Italy or buildings with Energy Performance Certificate (EPC) A or B; or  
- 
refurbished buildings which have achieved a minimum of 30% energy saving (or at 
least two steps of improvement in EPC label) compared to the baseline before the 
renovation;

--- Page 243 ---
- 243 - 
 
2. 
with regard to the Eligible Social Categories: 
(a) 
with respect to the Affordable Housing category, the financing and/or refinancing, in whole 
or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects related to construction, renovation or 
acquisition of social housing to provide decent housing to low-income population; 
(b) 
with respect to the Socioeconomic Advancement and Empowerment category: 
- 
microcredit; 
- 
young entrepreneurs; 
- 
female entrepreneurs. 
(c) 
with respect to the Affordable Basic Infrastructure category, finance or re-finance, in whole 
or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects providing accessible public utility 
infrastructures and affordable services to the population. 
(d) 
with respect to the SMEs financing category: 
- 
finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects to 
Companies/SMEs10 affected by natural disasters / health emergencies (such as 
COVID-19 pandemic11 , etc.) and the related social and economic downturn; 
- 
finance or re-finance, in whole or in part, new and/or existing loans/projects to fund 
SMEs/micro enterprises in disadvantaged areas; 
Pursuant to the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, the Issuer will report 
annually on the allocation of the proceeds of the Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds 
and the relative impact of the projects at category level. Such report will be available on the 
sustainability 
page 
of 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx  
The Issuer has mandated a leading second party opinion provider to perform an evaluation of its Green, 
Social and Sustainability Bond Framework validity and its general alignment with ICMA’s Green Bond 
Principles, Social Bond Principles and the Sustainability Bond Guidelines (the "Second Party 
Opinion"). 
The 
Second Party 
Opinion is 
available 
on 
Iccrea 
Banca’s 
website 
at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Documents/SECOND%20PARTY%20OPINION.pdf  
In addition, pursuant to the Issuer’s Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework, starting one 
year after a Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability Bonds issuance, a verification or assurance 
of the Issuer’s post issuance reporting may be released on an annual basis by a third party ESG agency 
or financial auditor, including bond proceeds allocation, the compliance of the allocated loans with the 
selection process, the environmental and social benefits obtained. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework or any other 
certification, report or opinion relating to the Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework 
(including the Second Party Opinion) or Notes issued as Green Bonds, Social Bonds, or Sustainability 
Bonds are, or shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 244 ---
- 244 - 
 
OVERVIEW OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO 
THE NOTES IN PHYSICAL FORM WHEN IN GLOBAL FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented 
by a Global Note, references in the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form to "Noteholder" are references 
to the bearer of the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary 
or a common depositary (in the case of a CGN) or a common safekeeper (in the case of an NGN) for 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary 
or common depositary or, as the case may be, common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other 
relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an "Accountholder") 
must look solely to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or such other relevant clearing system 
(as the case may be) for such Accountholder's share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer 
of such Global Note and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to 
which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note 
will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking and 
any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as the relevant Notes are represented 
by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the Issuer in respect of 
payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment to the 
bearer of the Global Note. 
Exchange of Temporary Global Notes 
Whenever any interest in a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note, the Issuer shall procure: 
(a) in the case of first exchange, the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Permanent 
Global Note, duly authenticated and (in the case of an NGN) effectuated, to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note; or 
(b) in the case of any subsequent exchange, an increase in the principal amount of such Permanent 
Global Note in accordance with its terms, 
in each case in an aggregate principal amount equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts specified 
in the certificates issued by Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing 
system and received by the Fiscal Agent against presentation and (in the case of final exchange) 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 7 days of the 
bearer requesting such exchange. 
Whenever a Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with 
Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate 
principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the 
Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(c) a Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 
p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the seventh day after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has

--- Page 245 ---
- 245 - 
 
requested exchange of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent 
Global Note; or 
(d) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Temporary Global Note has requested exchange of the Temporary Global 
Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(e) a Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with 
the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form or the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or the date for final redemption of a Temporary Global 
Note has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with 
all accrued interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in 
accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note or 
increase the principal amount thereof or deliver Definitive Notes, as the case may be) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) 
on such due date (in the case of (c) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no 
further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global 
Note or others may have under a deed of covenant dated 5 September 2024 (the "Deed of Covenant") 
executed by the Issuer in connection with the English Law Notes in Physical Form and the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form). Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a 
Temporary Global Note will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would 
have been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note became void, they had been the 
holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes 
they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the Minimum 
Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the Issuer will 
give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 
19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form. 
In addition to the requirements and procedures set out in this section, any exchange of Temporary 
Global Notes will be subject to the requirements and procedures set out under "Form of the Notes". 
Exchange of Permanent Global Notes 
Whenever a Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure 
the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and, 
where applicable, with Coupons, Talons and Receipts attached (if so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note 
to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the Permanent Global Note at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a) Definitive Notes have not been delivered by 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on the forty-fifth day 
after the bearer of a Permanent Global Note has duly requested exchange of the Permanent Global 
Note for Definitive Notes; or

--- Page 246 ---
- 246 - 
 
(b) a Permanent Global Note (or any part of it) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form or the Terms and Conditions of 
the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form or the date for final redemption of the Notes has occurred 
and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued interest 
thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Permanent Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void 
at 5.00 p.m. (Luxembourg time) on such forty-fifth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. 
(Luxembourg time) on such due date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global 
Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the 
Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of Covenant). Under the Deed of Covenant, 
persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Permanent Global Note will acquire directly against 
the Issuer all those rights to which they would have been entitled if, immediately before the Permanent 
Global Note became void, they had been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal 
amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes will not be printed in respect of an amount of Notes which are less than the Minimum 
Denomination. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the Issuer will 
give notice of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 
19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 
(Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form. 
In addition to the requirements and procedures set out in this section, any exchange of Permanent Global 
Notes will be subject to the requirements and procedures set out under "Form of the Notes". 
Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form or the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
• 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in 
the case of payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global 
Note to or to the order of any Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the 
corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of the Notes. On each occasion on which a 
payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that, 
in respect of a CGN, the payment is noted on a schedule thereto and, in respect of an NGN, the 
payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking. 
• 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(h) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical 
Form and Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) of the Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form, the bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within 
the period specified in the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form or 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form for the deposit of the relevant 
Note and Put Option Notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying 
the principal amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice 
will be irrevocable and may not be withdrawn.

--- Page 247 ---
- 247 - 
 
• 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 
10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form in relation to some only of the Notes, 
the Permanent Global Note may be redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer 
in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form or the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and the Notes to be redeemed will not be selected 
as provided in the Conditions but in accordance with the rules and procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream Banking (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream Banking, at their 
discretion, as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount). 
• 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law 
Notes in Physical Form and Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes in Physical Form, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a 
Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or 
the Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or 
a common depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing 
system or a common safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in 
any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form 
and Condition 19 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form 
on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing 
system; except that for so long as such Notes are admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and it is also a requirement of applicable laws or regulations, such notices shall also be 
published in a leading newspaper having general circulation in Luxembourg (which is expected to 
be the Luxemburger Wort) or published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(http://www.luxse.com/). 
• 
Payment Business Day: Notwithstanding the definition of "Payment Business Day" in Condition 
2(a) (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes in Physical Form and 
Condition 2(a) (Definitions) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes in Physical 
Form, while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note (or by a Permanent Global 
Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the Permanent Global 
Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common depositary 
for Euroclear and/or Clearstream Banking and/or any other relevant clearing system, "Payment 
Business Day" means: 
(a) if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b) if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Calculation of interest: the calculation of any interest amount in respect of any Note which is 
represented by a Global Note will be calculated on the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the 
Notes represented by such Global Note and not by reference to the Calculation Amount.

--- Page 248 ---
- 248 - 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
Introduction 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A. (the "Issuer") is a bank incorporated in Italy as a limited liability company 
(società per azioni). The full legal name of the Issuer is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A. – Istituto Centrale del 
Credito Cooperativo", and its abbreviated form is "Iccrea Banca S.p.A.". 
The Issuer, a member of Gruppo IVA Gruppo Bancario Cooperativo Iccrea, is registered in the 
companies register of Rome under tax code and registration number 04774801007, VAT number 
15240741007 and with the register of banks held by the Bank of Italy under number 5251. Its registered 
office is located at Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome (Italy) and its telephone number is +39 
06 72071. The Issuer’s website is https://www.iccreabanca.it. 
The Issuer's business authorisation is valid until 31 December 2050, with the possibility of this term 
being extended by an extraordinary shareholders' meeting under article 2 of the Issuer's by-laws. 
In February 2016, Law Decree No. 18 of 14 February 2016 was published in the Official Gazette of the 
Italian Republic (and subsequently converted into law with amendments by Law no. 49/2016) (the 
"BCC Reform Law") introducing a series of important reforming measures for Italy's cooperative 
credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo). 
The Issuer has since undergone a corporate reorganisation pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, and has 
become group head company (capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) of the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario Cooperative Iccrea) (the "Group") which, at the date 
of this Base Prospectus comprises 114 cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) (the 
"BCCs") and the Group Companies (defined below). 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 97,75% of the Issuer's shares are held by the BCCs, Raiffeisen 
Landesbank Sudtirol Cassa Centrale dell'Alto Adige and certain other banks. The remaining shares in 
the Issuer are owned by other entities permitted under the BCC Reform Law. For more information, see 
"Shareholdings in the Issuer" below. 
The Issuer has majority shareholdings in the following companies which, together with the BCCs and 
the Issuer form the Group: BCC Gestione Crediti S.p.A. (100% as of 27 July 2018), BCC Leasing 
S.p.A. (100% as of 29 December 2020), BCC Factoring S.p.A. (100% as of 1 January 2021), BCC 
CreditoConsumo S.p.A. (100% as of 21 December 2020), BCC Risparmio&Previdenza SGR (100% as 
of 14 January 2021), BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. (100% as of 15 October 2021), BCC Financing 
S.p.A. (100% as of 15 September 2022), BCC Sinergia S.p.A. (100% as of 1 January 2023), BCC 
Rent&Lease S.p.A. (100% as of 27 February 2023), Banca Sviluppo S.p.A. (100% as of 28 November 
2023), BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l., Sigest S.r.l., Immobiliare Banca d'Alba S.r.l., BCC Sistemi 
Informatici S.c.p.A., BCC POS S.p.a., BIT S.p.A., Brianza Elaborazione Dati S.p.A., and Iccrea 
Covered Bond S.r.l. (90%) (the "Group Companies"). 
In addition, the Issuer also holds minority participations in BCC Assicurazioni S.p.A. (49%), BCC Vita 
S.p.A. (49%), Numia Group S.p.A. (40%), Vorvel SIM. (20%), H-Benchmark (10%), and Pitagora 
Finanziamenti Contro Cessione del Quinto S.p.A. (9.9%). Such companies fall outside the perimeter of 
the Group. 
History and Development 
The origins of the Issuer and its current corporate structure can be traced back to the 1960's. "Istituto di 
Credito delle Casse Rurali e Artigiane" abbreviated "ICCREA", (Credit Institution of Rural and Artisan 
Banks), (the "Credit Institution") was incorporated on 30 November 1963, with approximately 190 
rural banks signing its charter. 
In the early years of its business activities, the Credit Institution provided services to a growing number 
of banks. 
Twenty years after its establishment, and following high growth in the agricultural banking system, the 
role of the Credit Institution became increasingly important.

--- Page 249 ---
- 249 - 
 
In 1995, the Issuer was established, and the banking activities of the Credit Institution were transferred 
to the Issuer. 
On 1 July 1995, the Issuer became an official member of the UNICO Banking Group. 
In 1997, the Issuer joined the newly established "Fondo di Garanzia dei Depositanti del Credito 
Cooperativo", and a year later it became active in a number of the divisions of the Milan stock exchange 
(including in shares, bonds and derivatives). Ultimately the Issuer became a primary dealer on the 
wholesale market for Government bonds. 
On 29 July 1999, by an extraordinary resolution of the shareholders, the name of Iccrea S.p.A. was 
changed to "ICCREA BANCA – Istituto Centrale del Credito Cooperativo – joint-stock company" with 
effect from 1 January 2000. 
Reform of Cooperative Credit Banks 
Pursuant to the BCC Reform Law, cooperative credit banks (banche di credito cooperativo) can join a 
cooperative banking group (gruppo bancario cooperativo) as long as the group head company 
(capogruppo for the purposes of the BCC Reform Law) is a public limited company with assets of no 
less than Euro 1 billion. Under the BCC Reform Law, the group head company is required to perform 
certain management and coordination activities pursuant to a cohesion contract (contratto di coesione) 
that is entered into between the members of the relevant banking group. Adherence to such a cooperative 
banking group and entering into a cohesion contract with the group head are pre-conditions for obtaining 
authorisation, from the Bank of Italy, for a bank to operate banking activities in the form of a 
cooperative credit bank. 
In line with the BCC Reform Law described above, on 1 June 2016, the Bank of Italy authorised the 
reverse merger of Iccrea Banca S.p.A. and Iccrea Holding S.p.A pursuant to Article 57 of Legislative 
Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as subsequently amended and supplemented (the "Consolidated 
Banking Act"). The merger took place in Rome with the signing of a deed of merger between the two 
companies, and became effective from 1 October 2016 (1 January 2016, for accounting purposes). 
As a result of the merger, the Issuer became the head group company of the Iccrea banking group (in 
line with European practices related to banking groups monitored by the European Central Bank (the 
"ECB")), replacing Iccrea Holding S.p.A., by universal succession, in all its roles including as a member 
of the UNICO Banking Group. 
On 27 April 2018, the Issuer's board of directors resolved to assume the role of group head company 
(capogruppo) of the Iccrea cooperative banking group, and sent to the ECB and the Bank of Italy its 
request to establish the Group comprising, at such date, 142 BCCs. 
The establishment of the Group was authorised by the ECB on 24 July 2018. 
On 10 January 2019, a shareholders' meeting of the Issuer approved certain amendments to its by-laws, 
to bring them in line with the Issuer's new role as head (capogruppo) of the Group pursuant to the BCC 
Reform Law, and to increase the Issuer's share capital by Euro 250 million, from Euro 1.15 billion to 
Euro 1.4 billion. 
On 4 March 2019, the ECB gave its final approval to the establishment of the Group (comprising, at 
such date, 142 BCCs), which was then formally registered in the Italian register of banking groups (Albo 
dei Gruppi Bancari) by the Bank of Italy. 
Since such approval date, there have been several BCC mergers and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the total number of BCCs is 114. 
The Cohesion Contract 
In January 2019, the Issuer and the BCCs entered into a cohesion contract (the "Cohesion Contract") 
in accordance with the BCC Reform Law. 
Pursuant to the Cohesion Contract each BCC accepts that it is to be subject to the Issuer's management 
and coordination in accordance with the terms set out therein.

--- Page 250 ---
- 250 - 
 
Amongst other things, the Cohesion Contract sets out the Group's corporate governance and 
administrative rules, so as to allow the Issuer to provide strategic guidelines and ensure that the Group's 
operational objectives are set and subsequently achieved. 
More specifically, the Cohesion Contract: 
a) 
regulates the Issuer's powers of appointment and dismissal of the members of the individual 
BCC's administrative bodies, pursuant to the principle that the shareholders' meetings may 
approve such matters unless the persons proposed for such offices are deemed by the Issuer to 
be: 
• 
not adequate with respect to the Group's governance needs or the effectiveness of the 
management and coordination of the Issuer; or 
• 
unsuitable with respect to ensuring a sound and prudent management of the individual 
BCC, having regard to, in particular, already demonstrated skills and results achieved as a 
company representative. 
In such cases, on the basis of reasonably justified considerations, the Issuer can exercise powers 
of direct appointment and dismissal; and 
b) 
describes the Issuer's supervisory functions in respect of the risk appetite framework, individual 
BCCs' internal controls and outsourcing of the Group functions. 
Moreover, to ensure operational continuity of the Group's strategic, managerial and technical-
operational oversight and the management equilibrium of individual BCCs, the Cohesion Contract gives 
the Issuer powers to set (and then monitor) strategies, policies and principles of evaluation and 
measurement of Group risks. 
To this end, the Cohesion Contract envisages that it is the Issuer that sets (at group level) individual 
BCC's policies relating to its exposure to financial risks (including equity and real estate investment 
decisions), the granting of credit and the management of conflicts of interest. 
Supervisory and intervention activities 
As well as regulating the Issuer's general framework of oversight and powers of intervention, the 
Cohesion Contract defines a whole series of prevention (and where necessary correction) measures. 
These include, amongst others, the ability to intervene regarding an individual BCC's liquidity and risk 
profile, its disposal of participatory and real estate investments and distribution of dividends. 
Compliance with prudential and reporting requirements 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to issue individual BCCs with binding prudential and 
reporting requirements. It also gives the Issuer sole responsibility for setting regulatory risks 
measurement methodologies. 
Strategic operations 
The Cohesion Contract gives the Issuer powers to approve individual BCC's strategically important 
operations, which could include asset acquisitions and disposals, the opening of new branches (both in 
Italy and abroad) and the provisions of services at an international level. 
Cross Guarantee Scheme 
The Cohesion Contract provides, among other things, for a liability-sharing mechanism governed by 
Italian law which, pursuant to Circular No. 285, has been defined also to meet the requirements for a 
"cross guarantee scheme" as defined under the CRR (the "Cross Guarantee Scheme"). In particular: 
a) 
the Issuer guarantees to the BCCs that it will support the obligations assumed by them. In turn, 
each BCC cross-guarantees to the Issuer and to the other BCCs that it will support the 
obligations of the Issuer and all other BCCs; 
b) 
the existence of the Cross Guarantee Scheme means that the liabilities of the Issuer and the 
individual BCCs are classified as joint and several liabilities of all BCCs and the Issuer;

--- Page 251 ---
- 251 - 
 
c) 
in order to implement the liability-sharing mechanism as required by Italian law and the 
guidelines of the Bank of Italy contained in Circular No. 285, the Issuer and the BCCs have put 
in place arrangements to ensure the prompt provision of financial means in terms of capital and 
liquidity if required. In particular, the Issuer and the BCCs have committed funds readily 
available to them which may be applied by the Issuer in its discretion and as it determines, in 
order to meet the obligations of the Issuer and the BCCs, thereby providing inter-group financial 
support; and 
d) 
the individual BCCs and the Issuer participate with the necessary funds, the amount of which, 
in the case of the BCCs is represented by a pre-established quota agreed with the Issuer plus a 
quota that can be called on by the Issuer on demand if needed. 
This Cross Guarantee Scheme mechanism is an integral part of any such cohesion contract, so its 
provision is an unavoidable condition. Prospective Noteholders should be aware, therefore, of the risk 
that the Cross Guarantee Scheme could place an obligation on the Issuer to commit, if necessary, its 
own assets to provide the financial support necessary to ensure the performance of the cross-guarantee 
obligations. 
The Cross Guarantee Scheme is structured to create different levels of the Issuer's and BCCs' joint and 
several liability, whereby the degree of liability and exposure is linked to the capital resource of the 
Issuer and the individual BCCs (as the case may be). In order to pursue the objectives defined, such 
scheme is also based on an estimate of the overall guarantee requirements through an analysis of 
potential vulnerability in adverse conditions, an EBA compliant stress test for each member of the 
Group. 
Within the limits mentioned above, the Cross Guarantee Scheme is an inter-group financial support 
mechanism within which the participating banks provide each other with financial support to ensure 
solvency and liquidity (particularly for the purpose of their compliance with prudential requirements 
and any requirements of the supervisory authority) and to avoid, where necessary, submission to 
resolution procedures pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 180/2015 or to compulsory administrative 
liquidation procedures pursuant to art. 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Shareholdings in the Issuer 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, shares in the Issuer are held by approximately 134 shareholders. 
The table below shows the shareholdings in excess of 2 per cent. of the entire share capital. 
Shareholders of the Issuer  
% of share capital held 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Roma 
9.038 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Milano 
3.989 
Credito Cooperativo Ravennate, Forlivese e Imolese 
3.611 
Emilbanca Credito Cooperativo 
3.546 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Alba, Langhe, Roero e del Canavese 
3.504 
Cassa Rurale ed Artigiana di Cantù 
2.841 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo di Carate Brianza 
2.549 
BCC Veneta Credito Cooperativo 
2.436 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo ""G. Toniolo" e San Michele di San 
Cataldo 
2.413 
Rivierabanca Credito Cooperativo di Rimini e Gradara 
2.368 
Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di Maremma 
2.337 
Banca di Credito Cooperativo Pordenonese e Monsile – Società 
Cooperativa 
2.044

--- Page 252 ---
- 252 - 
 
Banca Centro - Credito Cooperativo Toscana - Umbria Società 
Cooperativa 
2.000 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the banks affiliated to the Cassa Centrale Group do not hold 
Issuer's shares. 
The Group's structure 
ICCREA COOPERATIVE BANKING GROUP 
 
 
Developments in the Group’s network of bank branches 
The Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group is the largest Cooperative Banking Group nationwide and 
Italy’s third-largest banking group in terms of number of branches, with 2,419 branches (12% of the 
market share) operated by 114 mutual banks and by Banca Sviluppo. The Group has approximately 
885,000 shareholders. In terms of assets the Group is the fourth-largest banking group of Italy with a 
total assets of Euro 174.5 billion and total own funds equal to Euro 14.3 billion. The Group has an 
extensive retail customer base (comprising families and SMEs). Direct funding from ordinary 
customers, excluding repos with institutional counterparties and including outstanding debt securities 
(bonds and certificates of deposit), as at 31 December 2023 are Euro 120.32 billion while net loans to 
customers at the same date were Euro 91 billion. The strong link of the Group with its Italian customer 
base is the basis of the high component of such direct funding which is largely represented by deposits 
from customers (especially current accounts and deposits) equal to Euro 108.0 billion and to a lesser 
extent by bonds and certificates of deposit equal to Euro 12.3 billion. 
In recent years, the mutual banking system has also undergone a process of rationalising the network, 
which — although manifesting itself to a lesser extent than for Italy’s broader banking industry — is to 
be seen within the context of the affiliated banks’ characteristics of having a physical presence close to 
their communities as being of fundamental importance in their relationships with customers and with 
the communities themselves. 
 
2 Direct funding is composed as follows: current accounts and demand deposits Euro 101.6 billion, time deposits 
Euro 5.2 billion, securities issued Euro 12.4 billion, other payables Euro 1.1 billion. 
114 Cooperative Banks 
Iccrea Banca S.p.A. 
Iccrea BancaImpresa S.p.A. - BCC Factoring S.p.A. - BCC Rent&Lease S.p.A. - BCC 
Leasing S.p.A. - BCC Vita S.p.A. - BCC Assicurazioni S.p.A. - BCC CreditoConsumo 
S.p.A. - BCC Risparmio&Previdenza SGR - Banca Sviluppo S.p.A. - BCC Gestione 
Crediti S.p.A. -  BCC Beni Immobili S.r.l. - BCC Sinergia S.p.A. - Sigest S.r.l. - BCC 
Financing S.p.A. - BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l. - Immobiliare Banca d'Alba S.r.l. - 
BCC Sistemi Informatici S.c.p.A. - BIT S.p.A. - BCC POS S.p.A. - Brianza Elaborazione 
Dati S.p.A. - Iccrea Covered Bond S.r.l. –-Vorvel SIM - Numia Group S.p.A.

--- Page 253 ---
- 253 - 
 
This trend continued in 2019 with the creation of the new Group and in 2020, a period in which the 
affiliated banks further rationalized their branch networks by closing branches, some of which were 
replaced by branches opened in areas that were not adequately served, thereby resulting in only a slight 
decline in number of branches. 
In order to ensure a proper balance between physical presence and economic sustainability, following 
creation of the Group, an initial territory-development plan has been defined, the goals of which include 
increasing the market share of gross banking operations by repositioning branches in more attractive 
markets and rationalizing the branch network in order to achieve a greater reduction in branches than 
in recent years. 
De-risking and NPE reduction 
Since its foundation, the Group brought forward ambitious derisking initiatives that, in just a few years, 
have progressively brought its Gross NPL Ratio in line with the average of its main national competitors 
(source: "EU Wide Transparency exercise"). 
The Group NPE Plan 2023-2025, approved in March 2023, included initiatives aimed at achieving a 
Gross NPL Ratio of 4.3% by the end of 2023 and 4% by the end of 2024, with an ambitious target of 
3.5% by the end of 2025. In order to achieve the set target, several derisking initiatives were finalised 
in 2023. Simultaneously, positive performance was recorded in terms of both managing Non 
Performing counterparts and collecting proceeds. Such actions, combined with a default rate that 
remained lower than expectations, allowed the Group to achieve a Gross NPL Ratio of 3.9% by the end 
of 2023, below the forecast (4.3%) and better than the target set for the end of 2024 (4%). 
In March 2024, the Issuer approved a new business plan for the years 2024-2026 which, in view of the 
results of the derisking illustrated above was developed considering the actions to be taken in terms of 
acceptance rules at origination, proactive management during monitoring and disposal strategies with 
the goal of maintaining the Gross NPL Ratio in line with market averages and, in any case, below 3.5% 
at the end of 2026. 
Regarding the composition of the asset quality of the Group’s loans to customers, as at 31 December 
2023, the total gross amount of Euro 94.3 billion was made up of: performing loans (Euro 90.7 billion) 
and non-performing loans (Euro 3.6 billion), including bad loans (Euro 1.1 billion), UTP (Euro 2.2 
billion) and past due loans (Euro 0.3 billion). 
As at 31 December 2023 the Gross NPL ratio was equal to 3.9% (compared with 4.5% as at 31 
December 2022) while the Net NPL ratio was equal to 1.1% (compared with 1.5% as at 31 December 
2022). Coverage of NPLs rose to 72.2% at the end of December 2023 (compared with 67.8% as at 31 
December 2022) while bad loans amounted to Euro 1.1 billion (compared with Euro 1.4 billion as at 31 
December 2022). 
Strategy 
The Group’s strategic plan 
The procedure for the establishment and authorisation of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group, which 
began following the 2016 reform of the mutual banking industry, was completed with the registration 
of the Group by the Bank of Italy in the Register of Banking Groups on 4 March 2019. 
Since its incorporation, the Issuer has aimed to become an efficient platform for governance services, 
shared services and products available to BCCs; hence, the need for the Issuer to face an important 
challenge of efficiency improvement related to an investment programme to (i) complete the Group’s 
operating structure, (ii) improve the level of service for the BCCs and (iii) review the territorial model 
and management of professional resources. 
On 28 March 2024, the Board of Directors of the Issuer approved the 2024-2026 Strategic Plan (the 
“Plan”). 
As part of the periodic review of the Issuer’s performance-financial targets, in accordance with the 
rolling approach to strategic planning adopted by the Group, the time horizon of the Plan was extended

--- Page 254 ---
- 254 - 
 
to 2026, factoring in the changed macroeconomic conditions and the results achieved in 2023, with 
KPIs exceeding the targets of the first year of the business plan for the years 2023-2025. 
The extension of the business plan time horizon to 2026 keeps the Group’s development and growth 
guidelines unchanged, confirming its evolution towards an even stronger capital situation, with asset 
quality in line with the average of the main banks on the Italian market and sustainable profitability in 
the medium term buoyed by diversifying the sources of revenue, a sound liquidity position and the 
maintenance of a strong local and mutual approach in line with the values that inspire cooperative credit. 
As regards credit quality, the Plan targets a gross NPL ratio of 3.3% in 2026 (with a net NPL ratio of 
1.3% in 2026), with a higher cost of risk compared with 2023, equal to 72 bps on average over the three-
year period, leveraging the continuation of the derisking initiatives already activated by the Group since 
its establishment, focused on the proactive management of performing positions characterized by a high 
risk of impairment, on a more attentive selection of new credit positions, on measures to strengthen cure 
and workout activities, and on recourse to the sale of unlikely to pay (“UTP”) positions and bad loans. 
On the profitability side, the Plan targets a return on equity (“ROE”) equal to 6.8% in 2026, higher than 
6.5% over the entire period of the Plan. Net interest income is expected to be close to €3.7 billion over 
the Plan’s time frame. Profitability is supported by growth in the contribution of net fee and commission 
income as a consequence of development initiatives for customer services, in particular in asset 
management and payments and by initiatives to containing the growth of operating expenses, which 
had an impact of about 1.2 percentage points on the cost/income ratio to 2025, which is expected to 
reach 61.5% in 2026. 
With regard to the capital profile, the Total Capital ratio is expected to reach 23.8% in 2026 and MREL 
capacity will ensure an adequate buffer with respect to the regulatory requirements. The liquidity profile 
remains solid both at short term (an LCR of 213% by 2026) and on a structural basis (an NSFR of 154% 
by 2026). 
Additional guidelines regard: 
• 
digital transformation: the objective of the Group’s 2024-2026 Plan is to implement the digital 
transformation program, strengthening the BCC’s “omnichannel” service approach by 
developing digital channels to improve customer relations, reduce management costs and 
increase sales, targeting the Group’s new competitive positioning; 
• 
IT: the Plan seeks to forge a transformation to reconcile cost optimization, innovation and speed 
of realization, including through the choice of sourcing options. The Plan incorporates measures 
for the modernization of systems and the service model, with investments over the period 
covered by the plan amounting to more than €200 million. 
The process of defining the corporate strategy takes Environmental, Social and Governance (ESG) 
factors into due consideration, an area which affects all corporate policies and processes. Taking 
account of regulatory developments and feedback from the supervisory authorities, analyses of the main 
market trends, players and outcomes and suggestions from the update of the sustainability rating, the 
Group has continued to integrate ESG factors into corporate processes, defining new and more 
challenging objectives during strategic planning along the three drivers of sustainability, setting 
quantitative targets. 
Overview of business activities 
The Issuer's primary purpose is to support and strengthen the banking businesses of the BCCs through 
all forms of lending, the delivery of technical and financial assistance in accordance with the procedures 
set out in the relevant BCC's by-laws and through other initiatives aimed at facilitating the interests of 
the BCCs and pursuing the interest of the Group. 
The BCCs are local and rural banks that provide banking services in a defined and limited geographical 
area, and mainly to their shareholders. 
The corporate purpose of the Issuer also includes the collection of savings, lending in its various forms, 
purchase of trade receivables and factoring. The Issuer may carry out, subject to and in compliance with

--- Page 255 ---
- 255 - 
 
applicable banking regulations, financial transactions and services, as well as any transactions which 
may be instrumental to, or related to, the business of the Group. 
The Issuer may, subject to and in accordance with existing laws and regulations, issue bonds, hold 
equity interests in other companies (including majority interest holdings in companies which carry out 
business activities) provided that these contribute towards the fulfilment of the Issuer's corporate 
purpose. 
The Issuer prepares a regular management report, in accordance with a specific "data model", reporting 
on the results obtained by the individual business areas into which the Issuer's activities are subdivided. 
Business Areas 
The individual business areas of the Issuer are the following: 
1. 
Finance and Lending; 
2. 
Payment Systems; and 
3. 
Corporate Centre. 
These business areas are made up of an aggregation of units and business lines which have similar 
characteristics with regard to the type of products and services provided and regulatory requirements 
with which the Issuer needs to comply in conducting its business. 
The Finance and Lending area includes the Capital Market, Treasury, Structured Finance and 
Institutional Lending units, the Payment System segment comprises the Collections and Payments units 
and the institutional services and ICT functions are grouped under the Corporate Centre. 
Business Units 
The Issuer carries out certain activities on its own account and, at the same time, provides services to 
the BCCs in accordance with its corporate purpose. 
The Issuer’s individual business units can be summarised as follows: 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer Area ("CFO Area" or "Finance Area"). This comprises Group Finance 
(Finanza di Gruppo); 
2. 
Credit and Subsidiaries Area, which comprises the Chief Lending Officer Area ("CLO Area"); 
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area (“COO Area”); 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area"); 
5. 
Chief Information Officer Area (“CIO Area”). 
The following table is a diagrammatic representation of the organisation of the Issuer’s business units.

--- Page 256 ---
- 256 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Descriptions of Business Units 
The following is a description of each business unit. 
1. 
Chief Financial Officer ("CFO") Area and Group Finance 
The CFO Area ensures the proper management of the Group’s financial assets, recommending 
investment strategies and ensuring financial stability, managing its liquidity, funding, and related risks. 
The CFO ensures the implementation of such strategies, the proper, timely execution of separate and 
consolidated financial reporting, and the fulfillment of all accounting, tax and regulatory obligations. 
Group Finance works under the header of the CFO Area and is responsible for the management of the 
financial business of the Group, proposing investment strategies and guaranteeing the Group’s financial 
stability through liquidity/funding management and risk control. It also manages relations with 
investors and with rating agencies. 
2. 
Chief Lending Officer Area (the "CLO Area") 
The CLO Area, which is part of the Credit and Subsidiaries Area, is responsible for monitoring all 
aspects of loans on behalf of the Issuer and the Group, from the granting stage to the management of 
non-performing loans. It is also responsible for overseeing credit quality, defining credit policies and 
verifying their application on an on-going basis. 
Board of 
Managing Director 
Area Chief 
Operating Officer 
Area Chief Business 
Officer 
Area Chief Financial 
Officer 
Area Chief 
Information Officer 
Credit and 
Subsidiaries Area 
Area Chief Lending 
Officer

--- Page 257 ---
- 257 - 
 
3. 
Chief Operating Officer Area ("COO Area") 
The COO Area comprises the Back Office, within which the Collection and Payments Organisational 
Unit and the Institutional Services Organisational Unit operate. These units are responsible for defining 
the strategies and the overall operating model of the Group’s operations, ensuring that they are managed 
efficiently by the other companies in the management and coordination perimeter. 
The COO Area is responsible for ensuring the centralised governance of the Group back office 
activities, relating to collections and payments, post-trading of securities, the tax obligations related to 
the management of financial instruments and personnel administrative services and supervising the 
activities carried out by the subordinate Organisational Units. 
4. 
Chief Business Officer Area ("CBO Area") 
The CBO Area is responsible for defining and implementing the Group's business strategy with the goal 
of supporting profitability, ensuring the ongoing development of the approach to the market, developing 
market positioning, and ensuring the strategic and operational support of the mutual banks. 
The area oversees several business divisions (i.e. Retail, Corporate, Private Banking and Wealth 
Management) that are responsible for defining and implementing the Group's commercial policies, as 
well as the regional market areas that are responsible for supporting local operations of the business 
divisions in line with the general strategies of the area and of the Group. 
Moreover, the area manages the Group's press and institutional communications, and is responsible for 
coordinating the activities of BCC Risparmio & Previdenza SGR, BCC POS, and BCC Servizi 
Assicurativi S.r.l. 
5. 
Chief Information Officer Area (“CIO Area”) 
The CIO Area is responsible for ensuring the governance of the Group's Information and 
Communication Technology (“ICT”) issues, through the definition of ICT strategies as well as the 
management of relationships with the main internal and external stakeholders to the Group, consistently 
with the Group’s strategic guidelines and the Group ICT Plan, and through the supervision and 
monitoring of the services provided by BCC SI both to the Issuer and to the other Group companies. 
The CIO Area oversees the governance and coordination at Group level of activities related to the 
management of business continuity, information security and IT security. 
Moreover, the area performs the role of Crisis Manager for Operational Continuity and it is responsible 
for the functional coordination of BCC Sistemi Informatici and the ICT systems of the other 
subsidiaries. 
Financial Information 
Deposits 
The Issuer's deposits primarily consist of interbank deposits. As at 31 December 2023, interbank 
deposits amounted to Euro 34,677 million with a decrease of 5 per cent. as at 30 June 2023 (a decrease 
of Euro 1,885 million); within the inter-bank deposits of this aggregate, cooperative banks and rural 
banks deposits increased by 23 per cent. (from Euro 13,720 million as at 30 June 2023 to Euro 16,920 
million as at 31 December 2023) while other banks decreased by 22 per cent. (from Euro 22,843 million 
as at 30 June 2023 to Euro 17,757 million as at 31 December 2023). 
As at 31 December 2023, funding from ordinary customers increased of 32% (Euro 14,926 million 
compared to Euro 11,315 million as at 30 June 2023). 
The following tables show the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due to banks as at 31 December 
2023 and 30 June 2023:

--- Page 258 ---
- 258 - 
 
DUE TO BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change 
Change 
 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Cooperative banks and 
rural banks 
16,920,694 
13,719,933 
3,200,761 
23% 
Other Credit institution 
17,756,888 
22,843,169 
(5,086,281) 
(22) % 
TOTAL 
34,677,583 
36,563,102 (1,885,520) 
(-5) % 
 
BREAKDOWN OF AMOUNTS 
DUE TO BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Due to central banks 
16,204,661 
 
20,578,925 
(4,374,264) (21) % 
Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
8,921,360 
5,381,763 
3,539,597 65,7% 
Fixed-term deposits 
8,340,348 
9,865,283 
(1,524,935) (15%) 
Loans 
640,566 
557,866 
82,7 
14,8% 
Other payables 
570,647 
179,264 
391,383 
218% 
Total amounts due to banks 
34,677,583 
36,563,102 
(1,885,519) (5%) 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due to customers as at 31 December 2023 and 30 
June 2023: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS 
DUE TO CUSTOMERS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current 
Accounts 
and 
demand deposits 
932,178 
1,221,468 
(289,290) 
(24)% 
Fixed-term deposits 
- 
- 
- 
- 
Loans 
13,618,668 
9,714,555 
3,904,113 
40% 
Leasing liabilities 
2,110 
2,620 
(510) 
(19)% 
Other payables 
373,352 
376,218 
(2,866)  
(1)% 
Total 
amounts 
due 
to 
customers 
14,926,308 
11,314,861 
3,611,447 
32% 
 
Lending activities 
The Issuer's lending activity is primarily with banks (demonstrated by the fact that as at 31 December 
2023, the aggregate of loans to banks was Euro 30,806 million, whereas, as at such date, the aggregate 
of loans to customers was Euro 17,697 million). Within the aggregate of amounts due from banks (Euro 
32,784 million as at 30 June 2023), those due from cooperative banks and rural banks decreased by 11 
per cent. (from Euro 27,647 million as at 30 June 2023 to Euro 24,490 million as at 31 December 2023)

--- Page 259 ---
- 259 - 
 
while the receivables from other credit institutions increased by 23 per cent. (from Euro 5,137 million 
as at 30 June 2023 to Euro 6,316 million as at 31 December 2023). 
The following table shows the aggregate and breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 December 
2023 and 30 June 2023: 
DUE FROM BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
BCCs 
24,490,718 
27,646,641 
(3,155,923) 
(11)% 
Other credit institutions 
6,315,579 
5,137,050 
1,178,529 
23% 
Total 
30,806,297 
32,783,691 
(1,977,394) 
(6)% 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of amounts due from banks as at 31 December 2023 and 30 
June 2023: 
BREAKDOWN 
OF 
AMOUNTS 
DUE FROM BANKS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Due from Central Banks: 
- Obligatory Reserve 
1,947,020 
583,054 
1,363,966 
234% 
Due from Banks 
28,859,276 
32,200,638 
(3,341,362) 
(10)% 
- Current accounts and 
demand deposits 
- 
- 
- 
- 
- Time deposits 
2,060 
80,606 
 (78,546) 
(97)% 
- Other 
26,324,741 
29,828,622 
(3,503,881) 
(12)% 
- Debt securities 
2,532,475 
2,291,410 
241,065 
11% 
Total Due from Banks 
30,806,296 
32,783,692 
(1,977,396) 
(6)% 
 
The following table shows the breakdown of loans to customers as at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 
2023: 
BREAKDOWN OF 
LOANS 
TO CUSTOMERS 
As at 
31 December 2023 
As at 
30 June 2023 
Change 
Change 
Thousands of Euro 
% 
Current accounts 
398,307 
262,437 
135,870 
52% 
Medium/long-term 
loans 
2,692,419 
2,637,200 
55,219 
2% 
Repurchase 
agreements 
793,621 
90,972 
702,649 
772% 
Other transactions 
3,621,336 
3,224,989 
396,347 
12% 
Debt securities 
10,138,169 
9,585,440 
552,729 
6%

--- Page 260 ---
- 260 - 
 
Impaired assets 
52,758 
57,986 
(5,228) 
(9%) 
Total 
loans 
to 
customers 
17,696,610 
15,859,024 
1,837,586 
12% 
 
Risks and related hedging policies 
The Issuer places particular emphasis on its risk protection and control systems. It aims to meet the 
highest standard of governance in performing its risk and control management functions and to apply 
well-established risk management practices. Risk management means striving to ensure that the Issuer 
uses its risk capacity in the most efficient way in relation to the achievement of a stable and sustainable 
generation of value, protecting financial solidity and allowing for adequate management of portfolios 
of assets and liabilities. 
In accordance with its role of group head company (capogruppo) of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking 
Group and focusing on its lending activity, the Issuer is specialised in: 
a) supporting the BCCs in the agricultural sector; 
b) developing relations with companies, within the BCCs areas, which have a strong international 
approach; 
c) being the main centre for subsidised loans for the BCCs; 
d) funding the needs of the BCCs by, for example, granting overdrafts, ceilings and maximum 
operational limits; 
e) developing, with the cooperative community, loans pooled with the BCCs to the members of the 
Confcooperative organisation (the Confederation of Italian Cooperatives); and 
f) the expansion of business activity with large corporate entities, consistent with the development of 
relations between these companies, the BCCs and the payment and electronic money services 
offered by the Issuer. 
Credit Risk Management 
Monitoring 
In order to maintain the quality of its loan portfolio, the Issuer has a policy of careful evaluation of 
creditworthiness and the constant monitoring of its loan positions. 
Lending risk 
A centralised department establishes the procedures for evaluating the types of risks arising from each 
loan granted by the Issuer. The department also monitors the overall risk, verifies capital adequacy and 
evaluates the performance of lending activities in terms of risk/return. In addition, the process of debt 
recovery is supervised centrally and the debt recovery activities of the Issuer are coordinated. 
Bad Debts 
In accordance with the Bank of Italy's system of classification, the Issuer divides its loans into separate 
categories including, amongst others, (i) "substandard loans" for borrowers which are experiencing 
financial or economic difficulties that are likely to be temporary ("inadempienze probabili") and (ii) 
"bad loans" for borrowers against whom insolvency or similar proceedings have been instituted 
("sofferenze"). 
The Issuer's loan portfolio is monitored on a regular basis to review the prospects of recovery and 
estimated losses and the Issuer makes specific provisions tied to the expected loss on each non-
performing loan, problem loan or, if deemed necessary, on certain performing loans. 
As at 31 December 2023, the amount of net bad loans was Euro 2,046 thousands, decreasing from Euro 
3,291 thousands as at 30 June 2023.

--- Page 261 ---
- 261 - 
 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's bad loans (sofferenze) as at 31 December 
2023 and 30 June 2023: 
BAD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 30 June 2023 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Gross bad loans 
20,131 
30,318 
Adjustments 
18,085 
27,027 
Net bad loans 
2,046 
3,291 
 
The following table sets out the breakdown of the Issuer's substandard loans (deteriorate diverse da 
sofferenze) as at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2023: 
SUBSTANDARD LOANS 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 30 June 2023 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Gross substandard loans 
158,834 
169,040 
Adjustments 
108,123 
114,344 
Net substandard loans 
50,711 
54,696 
 
As at 31 December 2023, net substandard loans amounted to Euro 50,711 thousands and the sum of net 
bad loans plus net substandard loans amounted to Euro 52,757 thousands. 
Funding 
The total amount of funds borrowed by the Issuer as at 31 December 2023 was Euro 5,196,867 
thousands which represented an increase of Euro 1,247,394 thousands compared to Euro 3,949,473 
thousands as at 30 June 2023. 
Capital Ratios 
The Issuer (as head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group) was required to meet, 
for 2023, the following capital ratios at consolidated level: (i) Total SREP Capital Requirement of 
10.5% (including a minimum total capital requirement maintained on an ongoing basis, of 8%); (ii) an 
additional Pillar 2 own-funds requirement (to be held in the form of CET 1 capital on an ongoing basis) 
of 2.5%; (iii) a total capital requirement (including a capital conservation buffer of 2.5%) of 13%, while 
no specific requirements are imposed on the individual level. 
The Issuer's capital ratios as at 31 December 2023 and 30 June 2023, which are set out in the table 
below, exceeded the minimum levels prescribed by the European Central Bank. 
CAPITAL RATIOS 
As at 31 December 2023 
As at 30 June 2023 
 
Thousands of Euro 
Tier I Capital 
2,097,535 
1,917,824 
Tier II Capital 
689,232 
689,074 
Elements to be deducted 
-131,563 
-270,853 
Total Capital 
2,786,767 
2,606,898 
Credit Risk 
589,696 
562,325

--- Page 262 ---
- 262 - 
 
Total risk exposure amount for 
credit valuation adjustment 
18,952 
15,13 
Market Risk 
36,672 
38,421 
Operation Risk 
81,793 
70,978 
Total requirements 
736,774 
697,263 
Risk weighted assets 
7,491,940 
7,159,149 
Tier I Ratio 
22.77% 
22.00% 
Total Capital Ratio 
30.26% 
29.91% 
Consolidated Balance Sheet and Income Statement 
The following tables contain respectively: 
a) 
audited consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2023 related to the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group; 
b) 
limited reviewed consolidated financial statements as at 30 June 2023 related to the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group; 
c) 
audited consolidated financial statements as at 31 December 2022 related to the Iccrea 
Cooperative Banking Group. 
Balance Sheet 
ASSETS 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2023 for 
the Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2023 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 for 
the Group (EURO) 
Cash and cash equivalents  
4,956,422 
1,563,766 
1,189,908 
Financial assets measured at 
fair value through profit or 
loss  
1,494,234 
1,798,951 
1,675,821 
a)  financial assets held for 
trading  
227,299 
451,973 
254,493 
b)  financial assets measured 
at fair value 
317,077 
311,691 
251,392 
c)  other financial assets 
mandatorily measured at fair 
value 
949,858 
1,035,287 
1,169,936 
Financial assets measured at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income  
7,693,412 
8,249,888 
8,308,596 
Financial assets measured at 
amortised cost 
145,480,601 
146,155,988 
150,454,937 
a) Due from banks 
4,175,943 
2,821,528 
2,691,287 
b) Due from 
customers 
141,304,658 
143,334,460 
147,763,650 
Hedging derivatives  
951,258 
1,649,158 
1,891,822

--- Page 263 ---
- 263 - 
 
Value 
adjustment 
of 
financial 
assets 
hedged 
generically (+/-)  
(637,827) 
(810,540) 
(875,227) 
Equity Investments 
239,807 
222,845 
220,460 
Property, 
plant 
and 
equipment  
2,441,827 
2,526,219 
2,556,424 
Intangible assets  
174,591 
157,399 
167,559 
- goodwill 
39,011 
19,689 
19,689 
Tax assets  
1,346,472 
1,567,648 
1,748,374 
a)  current 
290,851 
346,063 
381,210 
b)  deferred 
1,055,621 
1,221,585 
1,367,164 
Non-current 
assets 
and 
disposal groups held for sale  
4,593,316 
25,294 
159,293 
Other assets  
5,778,531 
5,133,821 
6,044,491 
TOTAL ASSETS  
174,512,644 
168,240,437 
173,542,458 
 
LIABILITIES 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2023 for 
the Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2023 for the 
Group (EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 for 
the Group (EURO) 
Financial 
liabilities 
measured at amortised cost  
152,795,976 
149,285,840 
156,829,575 
a) Due to banks  
17,922,680 
23,024,984 
28,518,246 
b) Due to customers  
122,522,919 
115,922,588 
119,115,747 
c) Securities issued 
12,350,377 
10,338,268 
9,195,582 
Financial liabilities held for 
trading  
111,588 
350,502 
236,482  
Financial 
liabilities 
measured at fair value  
- 
- 
- 
Hedging derivatives  
220,477 
233,930 
350,237 
Value 
adjustment 
of 
financial liabilities hedged 
generically (+/-) 
(560) 
(761) 
(821) 
Tax liabilities 
71,536 
47,936 
75,317 
a)  current 
43,061 
28,087 
52,120 
b)  deferred 
28,475 
19,849 
23,197 
Liabilities associated with 
assets held for sale 
4,320,959 
- 
247,896 
Other liabilities  
2,315,342 
4,915,205 
3,165,472

--- Page 264 ---
- 264 - 
 
Employee 
termination 
benefits 
215,977 
219,747 
225,719 
Provisions for risks and 
charges 
572,459 
562,052 
542,064 
a) 
commitments 
and 
guarantees issued  
307,960 
299,664 
298,309 
b) other provisions for risk 
and charges 
264,499 
262,388 
243,755 
Valuation reserves  
47,360 
(113,650) 
(205,161) 
Equity instruments  
30,139 
30,139 
30,139 
Reserves  
10,894,741 
10,850,013 
9,164,416 
Share premiums reserves 
152,967 
151,333 
150,834 
Share capital  
2,290,202 
2,293,164 
2,291,261 
Treasury shares (-)  
(1,382,888) 
(1,381,274) 
(1,380,525) 
Non-controlling 
interests 
(+/-) 
- 
905 
32,501 
Net profit (loss) for the 
period (+/-) 
1,856,369 
795,356 
1,787,052 
TOTAL LIABILITIES  
174,512,644 
168,240,437 
173,542,458 
 
Income Statement 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2023 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2023 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
Interest and similar income  
6,112,576 
2,809,580 
4,112,336 
Interest and similar expenses  
(2,017,643) 
(861,737) 
(418,650) 
Net interest income  
4,094,933 
1,947,843 
3,693,686 
Fee and commission income 
1,616,762 
797,774 
1,554,884 
Fee and commission expense 
(268,573) 
(126,162) 
(216,535) 
Net fee and commission income 
(expense) 
1,348,189 
671,612 
1,338,349 
Dividends and similar income  
24,057 
22,216 
24,352 
Net gain (loss) on trading activities 
36,216 
16,193 
65,106 
Net gain (loss) on hedging activities 
15,069 
1,259 
(1,216) 
Net gain (loss) on the disposal or 
repurchase of: 
61,841 
39,722 
41,152 
a) 
financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost  
92,229 
48,368 
109,409

--- Page 265 ---
- 265 - 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2023 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2023 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
(31,463) 
(9,179) 
(68,731) 
c) financial liabilities 
1,075 
533 
474 
Net gain (loss) of other financial assets 
and liabilities measured at fair value 
through profit or loss 
9,427 
(2,004) 
(58,342) 
a) financial assets and liabilities 
measured at fair value 
2,088 
871 
(15,488) 
b) other financial assets mandatorily 
measured at fair value 
7,339 
(2,875) 
(42,854) 
Gross income 
5,589,732 
2,696,840 
5,103,087 
Net losses/recoveries for credit risk in 
respect of: 
(401,937) 
(194,538) 
(476,682) 
a) 
financial 
assets 
measured 
at 
amortised cost 
(401,745) 
(198,546) 
(473,822) 
b) financial assets measured at fair 
value through other comprehensive 
income 
(192) 
4,008 
(2,860) 
Gains/losses 
from 
contractual 
modifications without derecognition 
(5,581) 
(2,691) 
(2,098) 
Net income (loss) from financial 
operations 
5,182,214 
2,499,612 
4,624,307 
Net income (loss) from financial and 
insurance operations 
5,182,214  
2,499,612 
4,624,307 
Administrative expenses:  
(3,151,010)  
(1,597,080) 
(3,053,751) 
a) personnel expenses  
(1,898,920)  
(930,657) 
(1,804,514) 
b) other administrative expenses  
(1,252,090)  
(666,423) 
(1,249,237) 
Net provisions for risks and charges 
(49,048)  
(8,791) 
(43,953) 
a) commitments and guarantees issued  (13,937)  
(2,808) 
(15,585) 
b) other net provisions  
(35,111)  
(5,983) 
(28,368) 
Net adjustments of property, plant and 
equipment 
(199,740)  
(91,419) 
(190,511) 
Net adjustments of intangible assets  
(49,187) 
(22,404) 
(46,278) 
Other operating expenses/income 
353,506  
163,111 
313,386 
Operating costs  
(3,095,479) 
(1,556,582) 
(3,021,107) 
Profit (loss) from equity investments 
29,641 
9,834 
(6,385)

--- Page 266 ---
- 266 - 
 
INCOME STATEMENT 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2023 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 30 
June 2023 for 
the 
Group 
(EURO) 
TOTAL as at 31 
December 2022 
for the Group 
(EURO) 
Net gain (loss) from valuation at fair 
value of property, plant and equipment 
and intangible assets 
(19,815) 
(7,538) 
(23,835) 
Goodwill impairment 
(971) 
- 
(1,522) 
Profit 
(loss) 
from 
disposal 
of 
investments 
(1,136) 
(141) 
(2,080) 
Income 
(loss) 
from 
continuing 
operations, before taxes  
2,094,454 
945,184 
1,569,378 
Income taxes for the period relating to 
continuing operations  
(334,514) 
(148,600) 
(214,937) 
Profit (loss) after tax on continuing 
operations 
1,759,940 
796,584 
1,354,441 
Profit (loss) after tax on discontinued 
operations 
97,666 
- 
441,668 
Net profit (loss) for the period 
1,857,606 
796,584 
1,796,109 
Net profit (loss) for the period – non-
controlling interests 
1,237 
1,228 
9,057 
Net profit (loss) for the period – 
shareholders of the Issuer 
1,856,369 
795,356 
1,787,052 
 
As regards the consolidated own funds and capital adequacy, as at 31 December 2023, the CET1 ratio 
came to 21.1 % with a capital equal to Euro 13.6 billion and the TC ratio came to 22.2%, with a capital 
equal to Euro 14.3 billion. 
As at 30 June 2023, the CET1 ratio came to 19.9% with a capital equal to Euro 12.5 billion and the TC 
ratio came to 21.1%, with a capital equal to Euro 13.2 billion. 
As at 31 December 2022 the CET1 ratio came to 19.2% with a capital equal to Euro 12.3 billion and 
the TC ratio came to 20.4%, with a capital equal to Euro 13 billion. 
As regards RWA values of the Group, these were equal to: Euro 64.4 billion as at 31 December 2023, 
Euro 62.8 billion as at 30 June 2023 and Euro 63.9 billion as at 31 December 2022. 
The Group’s business model aims for full territorial coverage with an extensive client base over the 
long term. As at 31 December 2023, the amount of gross loans to customers was Euro 94.4 billion 
(while the net amount was equal to Euro 90.9 billion) of which approximately 81.3% comprised loans 
granted to individuals (Euro 38.3 billion) and SMEs (Euro 38.4 billion) which represent, respectively, 
40.6% and the 40.7% of the total loans granted. Accordingly, such breakdown of loans by counterparty 
type bears out the business model of the affiliated BCCs. 
The Group’s financial investments amount to approximately Euro 61.1 billion, of which 85% is 
allocated to the portfolio valued at amortised cost (Hold to Collect - HTC business model) in line with 
the traditional business model that characterises the BCCs, aimed at benefiting from the coupon yield 
and at not exposing its own funds to volatility risks. 
With regards to capital requirements, the Group's capital position as at 31 December 2023 was above 
the SREP requirements in force from 1 January 2023.

--- Page 267 ---
- 267 - 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Organisational Structure 
The members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of Auditors of the Issuer as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus are listed hereunder, together with details of their positions and any 
principal activities carried out in other companies in which these may overlap with the office held in 
the context of the Issuer: 
Board of Directors 
The Board of Directors of the Issuer is composed of fifteen members, including the Chairman appointed 
at the Shareholders' Meeting and a Vice Chairman with duties as a Substitute (Vicario) appointed by 
the Board of Directors recommended by the Chairman. 
The extraordinary meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June 2022, renewed the members of the Board of 
Directors for the 2022-2024 financial years. They will remain in place until the shareholders' meeting 
is called to approve the 2024 financial statements. 
5.92%
8.55%
21.08%
1.97%
1.97%
2.63%
2.63%
2.62%
Pillar 2
Requirements
Total SREP Capital
Requirement 2022
Capital
Conservation Buffer
& O-Sifi Buffer
Overall Capital
requirement
31/12/2023
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1)  
AT1 eligible Items  
T2 eligible Items  
  
  
CET1 ratio 
Total Capital ratio 
10.53% 
13.15
Minimum 
SREP
CET1 buffer 
 > 12 p.p. 
2.53% 
22.21
Minimum 
requirement 
Capital buffer 
 > 9 p.p. 
Capital Buffer - %

--- Page 268 ---
- 268 - 
 
The members of the Board of Directors in office at the date of approval of this Base Prospectus and the 
list of main activities performed by them outside of their role at ICCREA Banca S.p.A., which are 
significant for the Issuer, are indicated in the following table: 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Maino Giuseppe 
Chairman 
(Presidente) 
Chairman of Banca di Milano CC; 
Vice Chairman of Federazione Lombarda BCC 
S.C.; 
Director of Federcasse-Federazione Italiana 
BCC/CRA, Tertio Millennio ETS, Fondazione 
Oltre Onlus; and 
Director and Executive Committee member 
ABI. 
Stra Pierpaolo 
Vice 
Chairman 
with 
vicarious functions 
(Vice Presidente Vicario) 
Vice Chairman and Executive Committee 
Chairman of Banca d’Alba, Langhe e Roero e 
del Canavese S.C.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
of, Telenergia S.R.L., Tecnoedil S.p.A., 
Valenza Rete Gas S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Agecontrol S.p.A., Alta Langhe 
Servizi S.p.A., Carmagnola Energia S.r.l., Egea 
Commerciale 
S.r.l., 
Società 
energetica 
Piossasco S.p.A., Langhe Roero Leader Soc. 
Cons. a r.l., Mollo S.r.l., S.E.P. S.p.A, Tanaro 
Power S.r.l., Valbormida Energia S.p.A., Open 
dot com S.p.A.; 
Managing Director: Dimar S.p.A; and 
Auditor: 
Fondazione 
Bottari 
Lattes, 
Fondazione 
Banca 
d'Alba 
Onlus 
and 
Fondazione Banca del Canavese. 
Fiordelisi Teresa 
Vice Chairman 
(Vice Presidente) 
Chairman of BCC Basilicata; 
Director of Federcasse-Federazione Italiana 
BCC/CRA, 
Federazione 
BCC 
Puglia 
e 
Basilicata S.C.; and 
Member of the Management Board and the 
Executive Committee: Fondazione Tertio 
Millennium ETS. 
Alfieri Lucio 
Director 
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Magna Grecia S.C.; 
Director of Federazione BCC Campania e 
Calabria; and 
Sole Director of A&M Immobiliare S.R.L. and 
M&A S.R.L. 
Benabdallah Nadia  
Director 
and 
Executive 
Committee member

--- Page 269 ---
- 269 - 
 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
(Consigliere 
e 
Componenete 
Comitato 
Esecutivo)  
Carri Francesco 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Committee Chairman 
(Consigliere e Presidente 
Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Terre Etrusche di Valdichiana e di 
Maremma Credito Cooperativo S.C. (Banca 
Tema); 
Director of Federazione Toscana BCC S.c.r.l., 
Fondazione Tertio Millennio ETS; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
AGRI S.p.A. and 
Terme di Saturnia S.p.A.. 
Leone Paola 
Independent Director 
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
Gambi Giuseppe 
Director 
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Ravennate, Forlivese e 
Imolese S.C.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Gemos S.C., Fondo Sviluppo SpA; 
Auditor: Valfrutta Fresco S.p.A., Alegra Soc. 
coop., Aurel S.p.A., Conserve Italia Soc. 
Coop.; and 
Auditor 
of: 
Confcooperative 
- 
Unione 
territoriale della Romagna, Confcooperative - 
Confederazione Cooperative Italiane and Soc. 
Servizi Elaborazione Elettronica Dati SELED 
Soc Coop. 
Longhi Maurizio 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Committee Member 
(Consigliere e Componente 
del Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of BCC di Roma S.C.; Banca per lo 
Sviluppo della Cooperazione di Credito S.p.A., 
BCC Sinergia S.p.A.; CRAMAS Società di 
Mutuo Soccorso; and 
Director of Camera di Commercio di Roma, 
Fondazione Enzo Badioli.  
Menegatti Luigi 
Independent Director 
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
Chairman of Itas Pay S.p.A.; 
Director of Fondazione di Storia Onlus, 
Associazione Monte Tabor; and 
Auditor of Geo & Tex 2000 S.p.A.. 
Ottoboni Roberto 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Committee Member 
(Consigliere e Componente 
del Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of BCC dell’Oglio e del Serio; 
Vice Chairman with vicarious functions of 
Federazione Lombarda delle BCC; 
Vice 
Chairman 
of 
Fondazione 
EMIT 
Feltrinelli; and 
Guarantor Of Transparency of Politecnico di 
Milano.

--- Page 270 ---
- 270 - 
 
Name 
Responsibilities within the 
Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Petrini Paola 
Director 
(Consigliere) 
Chairman of BCC Ostra e Morro d’Alba; 
Auditor of Federazione Marchigiana BCC, 
Cassa Mutua Nazionale BCC; and 
Director of Associazione Idee Donne del 
Credito Cooperativo.  
Piva Flavio 
Director 
and 
Executive 
Committee Member 
(Consigliere e Componente 
del Comitato Esecutivo) 
Chairman of Bcc Veneta C.C., Federazione 
Veneta delle BCC SC; 
Vice Chairman of Numia S.p.A.; and 
Director of BCC Solutions, Federcasse-
Federazione Italiana CRA-BCC; Aeroporto V. 
Catullo 
di 
Verona 
Villafranca 
S.p.A., 
Fondazione Arena di Verona. 
Rimoldi Enrica 
Independent Director 
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
Supervisory Board member and Chairwoman 
of the IT Committee: JSB "UKRGASBANK"; 
Board member and treasurer of INSEAD 
Alumni Association of Italy; 
Non-executive director / Supervisory Board 
and Audit Committee member: UniCredit 
Bank Czech Republic and Slovakia a.s. 
UniCredit Group; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Uni Credit Subito Casa S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Istituto della Enciclopedia Italiana 
Giovanni Treccani S.p.A.; 
Member of Supervisory Board pursuant to 
Legislative 
Decree 
no.231/2001: 
Acque 
Minerali d’Italia S.p.A.; and 
Member of the Board: International Women's 
Forum - Northern Italy. 
Zoni Laura  
Independent Director 
(Consigliere Indipendente) 
 
All members of the Board of Directors are in possession of the requisites of professionalism, integrity 
and independence provided for by the legal and regulatory provisions and, for the purposes of their 
office, are domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Management Board 
The Management Board is made up of the Managing Director and two Vice Chairman. The Managing 
Director was appointed on 17 June 2019 and the Vice Managing Directors were appointed by the Board

--- Page 271 ---
- 271 - 
 
of Directors of the Issuer on 16 January 2020. On 9 October 2020 Mr. Francesco Romito was appointed 
as Vice Managing Director with vicarious functions in substitution of Mr. Giovanni Boccuzzi. 
The following table comprises a list of the members of the Management Board and the main activities 
performed by them outside of their role at ICCREA Banca S.p.A., which are significant for the Issuer, 
as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus. 
Name 
Responsibilities within 
the Issuer 
Principal activity outside Iccrea Banca S.p.A. 
Mauro Pastore  
Managing Director 
(Direttore Generale) 
Chairman of BCC Sistemi Informatici; and 
Director 
of 
Comitato 
Gestione 
Fondo 
Temporaneo C.C., ABI. 
Francesco Romito 
Deputy General Manager 
with vicarious functions 
(Vicedirettore Generale 
Vicario) 
  
Pietro Galbiati  
Deputy General Manager 
(Vicedirettore Generale) 
Vice Chairman of BCC Sistemi Informatici 
S.p.A. and Sinergia S.p.A.; and 
Director of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l., BCC 
Gestione Crediti S.p.A., Numia Group S.p.A., 
Pitagora S.p.A. 
 
All members of the Management Board of the Issuer are, for the purposes of the office held, domiciled 
at the registered office of the Issuer. 
Board of Statutory Auditors 
The Board of Statutory Auditors of the Issuer is composed of three auditors and two substitute auditors, 
appointed by the Shareholders' Meeting which, among them, appoints the Chairman. The ordinary 
Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer, held on 16 June 2022, renewed the members of the Board of 
Statutory Auditors for the years 2022-2024. Starting from 23 April 2013, the Board of Statutory 
Auditors of the Issuer has assumed the role of Supervisory Body (organismo di vigilanza) for the 
purposes of Legislative Decree 231/01. 
The following table comprises a list of the members of the Issuer's Board of Statutory Auditors and the 
main activities performed by them outside of their role at ICCREA Banca S.p.A., which are significant 
for the Issuer, as of the date of approval of this Base Prospectus: 
Name 
Responsibilities 
within 
the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
Zanardi Barbara  
Chairman (Presidente) 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
BCC Lease S.p.A., Hawort Italy Holding S.r.l., 
Soc. Benefit Gemelli Medical Center S.p.A., Cap 
Design S.p.A.; 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Utilitalia; 
Director of Avvenire S.p.A., Techshop SGR 
S.p.A.; 
Auditor of Gemelli Casa S.p.A., Federcalcio 
Servizi S.r.l., Cassina S.p.A., Poltrona Frau

--- Page 272 ---
- 272 - 
 
Name 
Responsibilities 
within 
the Issuer 
Principal activity outside the Issuer 
S.p.A., Rai Way S.p.A., Cooperativa San Martino 
Scarl; 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Fondo Pegaso; and 
Auditor of Università Cattolica del Sacro Cuore.  
Andriolo Riccardo 
Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) Auditor of BCC Servizi Assicurativi S.r.l.; 
Auditor of BCC Risparmio e Previdenza SGRpA, 
Clessidra Capital Credit SGR S.p.A.; and 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Alpes S.r.l., Clessidra Private Equity SGR S.p.A., 
Kervis SGR S.p.A. 
Capuano Claudia 
Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Financit S.p.A.; 
Auditor: Acea S.p.A.; and 
Sole Director SIR S.r.l. (sequestred), Iniziative 
Commerciali S.r.l. 
Rocchetti Vittorio  
Substitute auditor (Sindaco 
supplente) 
Chairman of Board of Statutory Auditors of 
Azimut Capital Management Sgr S.p.A. and 
Numia S.p.A.; 
Auditor of Azimut Financial Insurance S.p.A., 
Fos S.p.A., Ligurcapital S.p.A.; and 
Director of Alfio Bardolla Training Group S.p.A. 
Cignolini Michela  
Substitute auditor (Sindaco 
supplente) 
Auditor of Adacta Advisory S.p.A.; 
Director of Pronet S.r.l.; and Chairman of the 
Supervisory Body of Blue Energy Group S.p.A., 
CGI Holding S.r.l., Gas Sales S.r.l. 
 
The members of the Board of Directors, the Management Board and the Board of Statutory Auditors 
are all domiciled for the purpose of their appointment at the registered office of the Issuer at Via 
Lucrezia Romana 41/47, 00178 Rome. 
Conflicts of Interest 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the directors and their private interests 
or other duties. 
However, certain members of the Board of Directors, Management Board, and Board of Statutory 
Auditors of the Issuer hold identical offices in other companies (as described in the tables above), and 
this situation, together with other circumstances which may arise from time to time, may lead to 
conflicts of interest. If such conflicts arise, the Issuer has in place procedures to manage the situation in 
accordance with applicable laws. More specifically, the Issuer manages conflicts of interest in 
accordance with article 2391 of the Italian Civil Code and article 136 of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
Financial Statements

--- Page 273 ---
- 273 - 
 
The Issuer prepares consolidated and separate annual financial statements and interim financial 
statements. As the head group company of the Iccrea Cooperative Banking Group (Gruppo Bancario 
Cooperativo Iccrea), the Issuer also prepares the consolidated financial statements. 
Auditors 
The consolidated and separate financial statements of the Issuer as at 31 December 2023 and 31 
December 2022 together with the Issuer’s limited reviewed consolidated and separate financial 
statements of the Issuer as at and for the six month period ended on 30 June 2023 incorporated by 
reference herein have been audited, without qualification and in accordance with generally accepted 
standards in the Republic of Italy, by Forvis Mazars S.p.A. The audit reports of Forvis Mazars S.p.A. 
are available to the public and incorporated by reference herein. 
Forvis Mazars S.p.A. (“Mazars”) is an independent registered public accounting firm and a member of 
the ASSIREVI – Associazione Nazionale Revisori Contabili, being the Italian Auditors Association. 
The business address of “Forvis Mazars S.p.A.”. is Via Ceresio, 7, 20154 Milan. 
At the Issuer’s annual general meeting held on 28 May 2021, the Issuer appointed Forvis Mazars S.p.A. 
as its independent auditor for the years 2021-2029. 
Values and Sustainable Development Goals 
The Group aims to include several of the 17 Sustainable Development Goals adopted by the United 
Nations in 2015 as part of the Group's business objectives. It encourages sustainable, fair and 
responsible economic development in Italy by providing financial support to entrepreneurs and small 
businesses. The concept of sustainability is part of the DNA and a core value of the BCC; article 2 of 
the by-laws of the BCC and the so-called "Charter of Values" (Carta dei Valori) of the BCC show that 
it is central to its principles, values and growth in terms of market and business for cooperative credit. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer and the Group are involved in certain administrative, 
legal and arbitration proceedings relating to its ordinary business activities. 
Although the outcome of these proceedings is difficult to forecast, the Issuer does not believe that they 
will have a significant effect on the financial situation or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
In any case, based on an assessment of the possible risk of these litigations, the Group has made a 
provision to the Risks and Charges account (Item 100 c. of the consolidated balance sheet as at 31 
December 2023, as can be found on page 110 of the audited consolidated annual financial statements 
as at 31 December 2023, which are in turn incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus) for the 
amount of Euro 264 million.

--- Page 274 ---
- 274 - 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be 
made on a retroactive basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description 
of all the tax considerations which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or 
dispose of the Notes and does not purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories 
of investors, some of which (such as dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special 
rules. Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the 
overall tax consequences of their ownership of the Notes.  
Republic of Italy 
Pending Tax reform 
Law No. 111 of 9 August 2023 published in the Official Gazette No. 189 of 14 August 2023 (“Law 
111”), delegates power to the Italian Government to enact, within twenty-four months from its 
publication, one or more legislative decrees implementing the reform of the Italian tax system (“Tax 
Reform”).  
According to Law 111, the Tax Reform may significantly change the taxation of financial incomes and 
capital gains and introduce various amendments in the Italian tax system at different levels, including 
in respect of inheritance and gift taxes. The precise nature, extent, and impact of these amendments 
cannot be quantified or foreseen with certainty at this stage. The information provided herein may not 
reflect the future tax landscape accurately. 
In implementation of Law No. 111, the Italian government published in the Official Gazette, Dec. 27, 
2023, Legislative Decree No. 209. Legislative Decree 209/2023 in Articles 1 and 2 made changes to 
the criteria for determining the tax residence of individuals, companies and entities. 
1. 
Tax treatment of Notes which qualify as "obbligazioni" (bonds) or "titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni" (securities similar to bonds) 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 ("Decree 239") sets out the applicable regime 
regarding the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) (hereinafter collectively referred to as "Interest") from 
notes falling within the category of bonds ("obbligazioni") or securities similar to bonds ("titoli similari 
alle obbligazioni") issued, inter alia, by Italian banks. 
For these purposes, securities similar to bonds are defined as securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value and that do not give any right 
to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or of the business in relation to 
which they are issued nor any type of control on the management. 
1.1 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Italian resident Noteholder is: 
(a) 
an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected 
(unless he has opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see under "Capital 
gains tax" below); 
(b) 
a non-commercial partnership;

--- Page 275 ---
- 275 - 
 
(c) 
a non-commercial private or public institution, including the Italian State and public and 
territorial entities; or 
(d) 
an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, 
are subject to a withholding tax, referred to as "imposta sostitutiva", levied at the rate of 26% (unless 
the Noteholders under (a), (b) or (c) above opted for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – 
see under "Capital gains tax" below). In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above 
are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva 
applies as a provisional tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively 
connected, and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, Interest from the Notes will 
not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. They must, however, be included in the relevant Noteholder's 
income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain 
circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also to IRAP, the regional tax on productive 
activities). 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001, converted into Law 
No. 410 of 23 November 2001, Law Decree No. 78 of 31 May 2010, converted into Law No. 122 of 30 
July 2010 and Legislative Decree No. 44 of 4 March 2014, all as amended, Italian real estate investment 
funds created under Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as amended and 
supplemented, and Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994 and Italian real estate SICAFs (the 
“Real Estate SICAFs”) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the 
hands of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF, but subsequent distributions made 
in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax 
of 26%; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of 
participation, income of the real estate investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation 
in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution. 
If an investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund subject to the 
tax regime provided by Law No. 77 of 23 March 1983 (the "Fund"), a SICAV or a SICAF and the 
Notes are held by an authorised intermediary, Interest accrued during the holding period on the Notes 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva but must be included in the management results of the Fund 
accrued at the end of each tax period. The Fund, the SICAV or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation 
on such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 
of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an 
authorised intermediary, Interest relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the 
end of the tax period, to be subject to a 20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including 
minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, Interest may be excluded from the taxable base 
of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano

--- Page 276 ---
- 276 - 
 
individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, società di intermediazione mobiliare  
("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, società di gestione del risparmio ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other 
entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance (each an "Intermediary"). 
An Intermediary must (a) be resident in the Republic of Italy or be a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy of a non-Italian resident financial intermediary, and (b) intervene, in any way, in the 
collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta 
sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, 
which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary with 
which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld 
by any Italian financial intermediary paying interest to a Noteholder or, absent that, by the issuer. 
1.2 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in the Republic of 
Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies 
provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholder is: 
(a) 
the beneficial owner and is resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy (the "White List States") as 
listed, pursuant to Article 11, paragraph 4, of Decree 239, in the Ministerial Decree of 4 
September 1996, as amended from time to time. Pursuant to Article 1-bis of Ministerial Decree 
of 4 September 1996, the Ministry of Economy and Finance holds the right to test the actual 
compliance of each country included in the list with the exchange of information obligation 
and, in case of reiterated violations, to remove from the list the uncooperative countries; or 
(b) 
an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in the Republic of Italy; or 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; 
or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a White List 
State. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment 
in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected must: 
(a) 
deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident bank or SIM or a permanent 
establishment in the Republic of Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian 
resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which 
is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance; and 
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, prior to or concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a 
statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until withdrawn or revoked, in which 
the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta 
sostitutiva. This statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy 
nor in the case of foreign Central Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree

--- Page 277 ---
- 277 - 
 
of 12 December 2001.Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Covered 
Bondholders which are institutional investors. 
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26% to Interest paid to Noteholders who do not 
qualify for the exemption. 
However, non-Italian resident Noteholders who are subject to the imposta sostitutiva might be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under any applicable tax treaty. 
2. 
Interest and other proceeds from Notes not having 100% capital protection guaranteed 
by the Issuer - Atypical securities 
In case the Notes representing debt instruments implying a "use of capital" do not incorporate an 
unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, an amount not less than their nominal value (whether or 
not providing for interim payments) and/or they give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the 
management of the relevant issuer or of the business in relation to which they are issued and/or any type 
of control on the management (i.e. Notes are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or securities similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni)), they qualify as atypical 
securities (titoli atipici) and Interest in respect of such Notes may be subject to a withholding tax, levied 
at the rate of 26% pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the 
Notes are connected, (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity pursuant to article 5 
of TUIR (with the exception of general partnership, limited partnership and similar entities), (c) a 
permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity, (d) an Italian commercial partnership or (e) an 
Italian commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax; 
in all other cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final 
withholding tax. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
In the case of non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the 
Notes are effectively connected, the withholding tax may be reduced by the applicable double tax treaty, 
if any. 
3. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable 
income (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the "status" of the Noteholder, also as part of the 
net value of the production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company, a similar commercial 
entity (including the Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are 
connected) or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership or (iii) a non-commercial private or 
public institution, any capital gain realised from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject 
to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the rate of 26%. Under some conditions and limitations, Noteholders 
may set off any losses with their gains.

--- Page 278 ---
- 278 - 
 
Under the “tax declaration” regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for the 
taxation of capital gains realised by Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on 
capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all capital gains (net of any incurred capital 
loss) realised by the relevant Noteholder holding the Notes. In this instance, “capital gains” means any 
capital gain not connected with an entrepreneurial activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the 
Notes carried out during any given tax year. Italian resident individuals holding the Notes not in 
connection with an entrepreneurial activity must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax 
year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the annual tax return and pay the imposta sostitutiva 
on such gains together with any balance income tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital 
gains may be carried forward against capital gains realised in any of the four subsequent tax years. 
As an alternative to the “tax declaration” regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above 
may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each disposal of the 
Notes (the risparmio amministrato regime provided for by Article 6 of the Legislative Decree No. 461 
of 21 November 1997, as subsequently amended, “Decree No. 461”). Such separate taxation of capital 
gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being deposited with an Intermediary and (b) an express 
election for the risparmio amministrato regime being made timely in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital 
gains realised on each disposal of the Notes, net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the 
relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding 
amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder 
for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a disposal of the Notes results in a 
capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the 
risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual 
tax return. 
Any capital gains realised or accrued by Italian Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted 
the management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised Intermediary and have 
opted for the so-called risparmio gestito regime (regime provided by Article 7 of Decree No. 461) will 
be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if 
not realised, at year end, subject to a 26% substitute tax, to be paid by the managing authorised 
Intermediary. Under this risparmio gestito regime, any decrease in value of the managed assets accrued 
at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets accrued in any of 
the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not required to 
declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant 
to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 
may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, premium and 
other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian real estate investment fund will neither be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level of the real estate investment fund 
or the Real Estate SICAF, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders 
will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26%; subject to certain conditions, 
depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the real estate 
investment fund or the Real Estate SICAF is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund (as defined above), a SICAV or a SICAF 
will be included in the results of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period. The Fund,

--- Page 279 ---
- 279 - 
 
the SICAV or the SICAF will not be subject to taxation on such result, but a substitutive tax, up to 26%, 
will apply, in certain circumstances, to distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime 
provided for by article 17 of the Italian Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to a 
20% substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and 
limitations, capital gains realised upon sale or redemption of the Notes may be excluded from the 
taxable base of the 20% substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes 
issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva. The exemption applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course 
with the authorised financial intermediary an appropriate affidavit (autocertificazione) stating that the 
Noteholder is not resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in the 
Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from the sale or redemption of Notes 
issued by an Italian resident issuer not traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta 
sostitutiva, provided that the Noteholder is: 
(a) 
the beneficial owner of the relevant income and resident in a White List State; 
(b) 
an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in the Republic of Italy; 
(c) 
a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign 
State; or 
(d) 
an "institutional investor", whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a White 
List State. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without 
a permanent establishment in the Republic of Italy to which the Notes are effectively connected from 
the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets 
may be subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate of 26%. However, Noteholders may benefit 
from an applicable tax treaty with the Republic of Italy providing that capital gains realised upon the 
sale or redemption of the Notes are to be taxed only in the resident tax country of the recipient. 
4. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, Notes or other securities) as a result of death or 
donation are taxed as follows: 
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 4% on the value of the inheritance or gift exceeding 
€1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6% on the entire value of the inheritance or the 
gift. Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6% inheritance and gift tax on the 
value of the inheritance or gift exceeding €100,000; and

--- Page 280 ---
- 280 - 
 
(c) 
any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8% on the entire 
value of the inheritance or gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate, mentioned 
above in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
The transfer of financial instruments as a result of death (mortis causa) is exempt from inheritance tax 
when such financial instruments are included in a long-term saving account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth from time to time by Italian tax law. 
Otherwise, the previous listed provisions (a) to (c) should be applicable when the financial instruments 
are not included in a long-term saving account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine). 
5. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to a €200 registration tax as follows: (i) public 
deeds and notarised deeds are subject to mandatory registration; (ii) private deeds are subject to 
registration only in the case of voluntary registration. 
6. 
Stamp duty 
Article 13, paragraph 2 ter, of the First Part of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 
October 1972 ("Stamp Duty Law"), as amended by Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, 
converted into Law No. 214 of 22 December 2011, and by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013 
introduces a stamp duty on the value of the financial products and/or financial instruments included in 
the statement sent to clients as of 1 January 2012 ("Statement Duty"). The statement is deemed to be 
sent to the clients on an annual basis, irrespective of any legal or contractual obligation to do so. The 
Statement Duty is levied at the rate 0.2 percent (but, in any case, not exceeding €14,000 only for entities 
other than individuals). According to a literal interpretation of the amended Article 13, the Statement 
Duty seems to be applicable to the value of the Notes included in any statement sent to the clients, as 
the Notes are to be characterised for tax purposes as "financial instruments". 
7. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad  
Pursuant to Article 19(18-23) of Law Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011, converted with Law No. 
214 of 22 December 2011, as subsequently amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, 
non-commercial entities and certain partnerships including società semplici or similar partnerships 
pursuant to Article 5 of  TUIR holding the Notes outside the Italian territory are required to pay a wealth 
tax at a rate of 0.20% (starting from January 1, 2024, the wealth tax applies at a rate of 0.40% if the 
Notes are held in a country listed in the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 4 May 1999, pursuant to the 
provisions of Law No. 213/2023), which is calculated in proportion to the period of ownership. The 
wealth tax cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year for taxpayers other than individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the securities at the end of the relevant year or – if no 
market value figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or – if the nominal or 
redemption values cannot be determined – on the purchase price of such financial assets held outside 
the Italian territory. If the financial products are no longer held on December 31 of the relevant year, 
reference is made to the value at the end of the holding period. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax 
credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid, if any, in the State where the financial assets are 
held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
If the financial assets are held outside of Italy and are thus subject to the wealth tax, the above mentioned 
stamp duty provided for by Article 13 (2-ter) of the Stamp Duty Law does not apply. 
8. 
Tax monitoring obligations

--- Page 281 ---
- 281 - 
 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended from time to time, Italian resident individuals, non-commercial entities and certain 
partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships in accordance with Article 5 of Decree No. 917) 
resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities abroad or are the beneficial 
owners, under the Italian money-laundering law, provided by Italian Legislative Decree No. 231 of 21 
November 2007, of investments abroad or foreign financial assets must, in certain circumstances, 
disclose the aforesaid to the Italian tax authorities in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax 
return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within the same time as prescribed for the income 
tax return). 
The above reporting requirement is not required to be complied with in respect of: (i) Notes deposited 
for management with qualified Italian financial intermediaries; (ii) contracts entered into through Italian 
financial intermediaries intervention, upon condition that the items of income derived from the Notes 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries; or (iii) if the foreign investments are only composed 
by deposits and/or bank accounts and their aggregate value does not exceed a €15,000 threshold 
throughout the year. 
The Proposed Financial Transaction Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission's proposal") 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has since 
stated that it will not participate. 
The Commission's proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in 
the Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission's proposal, FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating 
Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a participating 
Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established 
in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is 
issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT.U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to sections 1471 to 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, which 
sections are commonly referred to as the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA"), 
certain issuers of debt instruments and financial intermediaries may be required to withhold U.S. tax on 
payments on such debt instruments. However, FATCA withholding on the Notes currently does not 
apply pursuant to an intergovernmental agreement between the United States and the Republic of Italy. 
Furthermore, in accordance with a grandfathering rule, even if the payments on the Notes are otherwise 
potentially subject to FATCA withholding, the Notes, so long as they are characterized as indebtedness 
for U.S. federal income tax purposes, should only become subject to FATCA withholding if the Notes 
are materially modified after the date that is six months after the date final Treasury regulations defining 
the term "foreign passthru payment" are published. No such final Treasury regulations have been 
published yet. In the event any withholding under FATCA is required with respect to any payments on 
the Notes, there will be no additional amounts payable to compensate for the withheld amount. The

--- Page 282 ---
- 282 - 
 
scope of these rules remains unclear and potentially subject to material changes. Holders should consult 
their own tax advisors on how these rules may apply to their investment in the Notes.

--- Page 283 ---
- 283 - 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements 
under which Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, 
Dealers are set out in a Dealer Agreement dated on or about the date hereof (the "Dealer Agreement") 
and made between the Issuer and the original Dealer. Any such agreement will, inter alia, make 
provision for the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Notes, the price at which such Notes 
will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) payable or 
allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the 
resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment of additional or 
other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of 
Notes. Each new Dealer so appointed will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree to the 
following selling restrictions as part of its appointment. 
The relevant Dealers will be entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations in respect of a proposed issue of Notes under or pursuant to the Dealer Agreement prior to 
the closing of the issue of such Notes, including in the event that certain conditions precedent are not 
delivered or met to their satisfaction on or before the issue date of such Notes. In this situation, the 
issuance of such Notes may not be completed. Investors will have no rights against the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealers in respect of any expense incurred or loss suffered in these circumstances. 
United States of America: Regulation S Category 2; TEFRA D or TEFRA C as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms or neither if TEFRA is specified as not applicable in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus.  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain 
transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act.  Terms used in this 
paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by 
U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United 
States Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
NEITHER THE PROGRAMME NOR THE NOTES HAVE BEEN APPROVED OR 
DISAPPROVED BY THE U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION, ANY STATE 
SECURITIES COMMISSION IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER U.S. 
REGULATORY AUTHORITY, NOR HAS ANY OF THE FOREGOING AUTHORITIES 
PASSED UPON OR ENDORSED THE MERITS OF ANY OFFERING OF NOTES OR THE 
ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS. ANY REPRESENTATION TO 
THE CONTRARY IS A CRIMINAL OFFENCE IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Each Dealer has agreed that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or 
deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the relevant Tranche within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a confirmation or other notice 
setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons.   
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, 
any offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the 
offering) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 284 ---
- 284 - 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted, 
undertaken and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.  For 
the purposes of this provision the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of 
the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning Directive (EU) 2016/97 ("Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II.  
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer 
has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, that it has not made and will 
not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State except that it may make 
an offer of such Notes in that Member State:  
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150, natural or legal persons (other than 
qualified investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any 
Notes in any Relevant State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes 
the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available 
and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the

--- Page 285 ---
- 285 - 
 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and agree, that it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in the United Kingdom 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes 
may be made other than pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which 
either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) is to be 
treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in 
accordance with the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus 
(Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, provided that any such 
prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the United Kingdom subject to 
obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the 
Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms 
of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe

--- Page 286 ---
- 286 - 
 
for the Notes and the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Selling restrictions addressing additional United Kingdom Securities Laws 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that: 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and 
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses; or 
(B) 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention by the Issuer 
of Section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA"); 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does 
not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise 
involving the United Kingdom. 
The Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the CONSOB pursuant to Italian securities 
legislation and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant, undertake and 
agree, that sales of the Notes in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and 
exchange control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Without prejudice to the paragraph entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA and UK Retail Investors" 
above, each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that, save as set out below, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other 
document relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except in circumstances falling 
within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation and Article 
34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended from time to time. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any 
other document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be: 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities 
in the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation

--- Page 287 ---
- 287 - 
 
No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the 
"Italian Banking Act") (in each case as amended from time to time); 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act, as amended, pursuant to which the 
Bank of Italy may request information on the issue or the offer of securities in the Republic of 
Italy and the relevant implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, issued on 25 August 2015 
(as amended on 10 August 2016 and 2 November 2020), and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable notification requirement or limitation which may be 
imposed by CONSOB or any other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act 
of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended, the "FIEA") and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted, undertaken and agreed that has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, 
directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to any resident of Japan, except 
pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the 
FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations of Japan.  As used in this paragraph, "resident of Japan" 
means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws 
of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted, undertaken and agreed that it has complied and will comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, 
offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, 
offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or 
any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating 
to any specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall as a result of any 
change(s), or any change(s) in official interpretation, after the date hereof of applicable laws and 
regulations no longer be applicable, but without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in 
the preceding paragraph headed "General" above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such 
supplement or modification may be set out in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 288 ---
- 288 - 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Listing and admission to trading 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this Base Prospectus as a base prospectus for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and the relevant implementing measures in Luxembourg. 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the official list of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes 
of EU MiFID II. 
However, Notes may be issued pursuant to the Programme which will not be listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any 
other stock exchange or which will be listed on or admitted to trading on such stock exchange as the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) may agree. 
Authorisations 
The update of the Programme was authorised by the Board of Directors of the Issuer on 29 June 2024. 
The Issuer has obtained or will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and 
authorisations in connection with the issue and performance of the Notes. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is NNVPP80YIZGEY2314M97. 
Clearing of the Notes 
The Notes in Physical Form have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream 
Banking. The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels and the address of 
Clearstream Banking SA is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. 
The Dematerialised Notes have been accepted for clearance by Monte Titoli. The Dematerialised Notes 
will be in bearer form and held in dematerialised form on behalf of the beneficial owners, until 
redemption or cancellation thereof, by Monte Titoli S.p.A. (with registered office and principal place 
of business at Piazza degli Affari 6, 20123 Milan, Italy), for the account of the relevant Monte Titoli 
Account Holders (including Euroclear and Clearstream Banking). The relevant Final Terms (or 
Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) shall specify any other clearing system as shall have 
accepted the relevant Dematerialised Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate 
information. 
The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in relation 
to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. The relevant Final Terms 
shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant Notes for clearance together 
with any further appropriate information. 
Litigation 
The Issuer, and the Issuer's subsidiaries have not been involved in any governmental, legal, arbitration 
or administrative proceedings in the 12 months preceding the date of this document, relating to claims 
or amounts which may have, or have had in the recent past, a significant effect on the Issuer's financial 
position or profitability and, so far as the Issuer is aware, no such litigation, arbitration or administrative 
proceedings are pending or threatened. 
No material adverse change

--- Page 289 ---
- 289 - 
 
Since 31 December 2023 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
audited annual financial statements of the Issuer have been prepared), there has been no material adverse 
change in the financial condition or prospects of the Issuer or its subsidiaries. 
No significant change 
Since 30 June 2024 (being the last day of the financial period in respect of which the most recent 
financial information of the Issuer has been published), there has been no significant change in the 
financial position or financial performance of the Issuer and the Group. 
Auditor 
The Issuer's annual separate and consolidated financial statements as at and for the years ended 31 
December 2022 and 31 December 2023 have been audited without qualification by Forvis Mazars 
S.p.A. with its registered office at Via Po, 32, 00198 Rome, Italy, independent accountants ("Mazars"). 
Mazars is authorized and regulated by the Italian Ministry of Economy and Finance and registered on 
the special register of auditing firms held by the MEF. 
The Issuer's limited reviewed consolidated and separate financial statements as at and for the six month 
period ended 30 June 2023 have been reviewed in accordance with the International Standard on Review 
Engagements 2410 without qualification by Mazars. 
Material Contracts 
The Issuer has not entered into any contracts in the last two years outside the ordinary course of business 
that have been or may be reasonably expected to be material to their ability to meet their obligations to 
Noteholders. 
Rating Agencies 
Each of Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited is established in the 
EEA or UK and registered under the CRA Regulation, and is included in the list of registered credit 
rating agencies published on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs. 
Minimum denomination 
Where Notes issued under the Programme are admitted to trading on a regulated market within the 
European Economic Area or offered to the public in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such 
Notes will not have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or, where the Notes are issued in a currency 
other than euro, the equivalent amount in such other currency) and, in the case of Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, €150,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are denominated in a currency other than 
euro) and, in the case of Subordinated Notes, €200,000 (or the equivalent amount where the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro), or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time.  
Documents on display 
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any Notes are outstanding, electronic copies of the 
following documents may be inspected (and, in the case of (d) and (e) below, are available for 
collection) during normal business hours at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent, namely: 
(a) the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes in Physical Form;

--- Page 290 ---
- 290 - 
 
(b) the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes in Physical Form; 
(c) the Deed of Covenant; 
(d) the Programme Manual (being a manual signed for the purposes of identification by the Issuer and 
the Fiscal Agent, containing suggested forms and operating procedures for the Programme, 
including the forms of the Notes in global and definitive form); 
(e) any Final Terms relating to Notes which are listed on any stock exchange (save that Final Terms 
relating to Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European 
Economic Area or offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a base 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available for 
inspection by the relevant Noteholders and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Issuer and the Paying Agent as to its holding of Notes and identity); 
(f) this Base Prospectus and any supplement to this Base Prospectus and any other document 
incorporated by reference herein on therein; 
Publication on the Internet 
The By-laws (Statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer’s website at:  
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Lists/DocumentiSocietari/Attachments/2/Statuto%20IB_EN_ASS_16
_05_2024_PER%20PUBBLICAZIONE.pdf 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraphs (d)-(e) above are available on the Issuer’s 
website at: 
https://www.iccreabanca.it/it-IT/Pagine/obbligazioni2.aspx  
Any Second-party Opinion relating to Notes issued, if any, as "Green Bonds", "Social Bonds" or 
"Sustainability Bonds" will be made available at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx 
The Issuer's single framework for the issuance of Green, Social and/or Sustainable bonds entitled the 
"Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework" ("GSS") is available at: 
https://www.gruppobcciccrea.it/Pagine/InvestorRelations/ESG.aspx 
For the avoidance of doubt, neither the Issuer's Green, Social and Sustainability Bond Framework nor 
any Second-party Opinion are incorporated by reference into or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
Issuer's website does not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are 
available on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (http://www.luxse.com/). 
Issue Price and Yield 
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in accordance 
with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method of determining

--- Page 291 ---
- 291 - 
 
the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. In the case of 
different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in respect of the 
period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the issue date of 
the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most recent interest 
payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. 
The yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an indication 
of future yield. 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information, except if required by any 
applicable laws and regulations. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates (including parent companies) have engaged, and may in the 
future engage, in financing, investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may 
perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers 
and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, 
related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging 
strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage 
their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course 
of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of 
investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or the 
Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer 
routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management 
policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into 
transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions 
in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such positions could 
adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research 
views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that 
they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. The relevant Final Terms 
will specify any other interests of natural and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under 
the Programme. For the purposes of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes the parent 
company. 
Validity of base prospectus and base prospectus supplements  
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this base prospectus after 
the end of its 12-month validity period.

--- Page 292 ---
- 292 - 
 
REGISTERED OFFICE OF THE ISSUER AND PAYING AGENT IN RESPECT OF 
DEMATERIALISED NOTES 
ICCREA Banca S.p.A 
Via Lucrezia Romana 41/47 
00178 Rome 
Italy 
 
SOLE ARRANGER AND DEALER 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta E.Cuccia, 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT (IN RESPECT OF NOTES IN PHYSICAL 
FORM) AND LISTING AGENT 
BNP Paribas, Luxembourg Branch 
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Arranger and Sole Dealer 
as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
 
Via Broletto, 16 
 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Italian law 
Hogan Lovells Studio Legale  
Via Santa Maria alla Porta, 2 
Milan, 20123 
Italy 
AUDITOR TO THE ISSUER IN RELATION TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL 
STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2023 AND 31 DECEMBER 2022 
Forvis Mazars S.p.A. 
Via Ceresio, 7 
20154 Milan 
Italy