--- Page 1 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
1
 
 
 
 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, 20 July 2021

--- Page 2 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
2
Important information 
 
The Base Prospectus is based on sources such as annual reports and publicly available information and forward-
looking information based on current expectations, estimates and projections about global economic conditions, as 
well as the economic conditions of the regions and industries that are major markets for Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS’ (the Company) and Guarantors’ (including subsidiaries and affiliates) lines of business. 
 
A prospective investor should consider carefully the factors set forth in Chapter 1 Risk factors, and elsewhere in the 
Prospectus, and should consult his or her own expert advisers as to the suitability of an investment in the bonds. 
 
IMPORTANT – EEA AND UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms in respect of any bonds includes a legend 
titled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" and/or "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the bonds 
are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (‘EEA’) and/or in the United Kingdom (the 
“UK”). Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) (and for UK, as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation)) 
for offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA and/or the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA and/or the UK may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation and/ or the UK PRIIPS Regulation. 
 
MiFID II product governance and/or UK MiFIR product governance – The Final Terms in respect of any bonds 
will include a legend titled “MiFID II product governance” and/or “UK MiFIR product governance” which will outline 
the target market assessment in respect of the bonds and which channels for distribution of the bonds are 
appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the bonds (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
websites (www.arctic.com, www.dnb.no and www.paretosec.com).  
 
The Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their affiliated companies and/or officers, directors and employees may be 
a market maker or hold a position in any instrument or related instrument discussed in this Base Prospectus and 
may perform or seek to perform financial advisory or banking services related to such instruments. The Joint Lead 
Managers' corporate finance department may act as manager or co-manager for this Company and/or Guarantors 
in private and/or public placement and/or resale not publicly available or commonly known.   
 
Copies of this Base Prospectus are not being mailed or otherwise distributed or sent in or into or made available in 
the United States. Persons receiving this document (including custodians, nominees and trustees) must not 
distribute or send such documents or any related documents in or into the United States. 
 
Other than in compliance with applicable United States securities laws, no solicitations are being made or will be 
made, directly or indirectly, in the United States. Securities will not be registered under the United States Securities 
Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United States without registration or an applicable exemption from 
registration requirements. 
 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus may be limited by law also in other jurisdictions, for example in non-EEA 
countries. Approval of the Base Prospectus by Finanstilsynet (the Norwegian FSA) implies that the Base Prospectus 
may be used in any EEA country. No other measures have been taken to obtain authorisation to distribute the Base 
Prospectus in any jurisdiction where such action is required. 
 
The Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2021 together with a Final Terms and any supplements to these documents 
constitute the Prospectus. 
 
The content of this Base Prospectus does not constitute legal, financial or tax advice and potential investors should 
seek legal, financial and/or tax advice. 
 
Unless otherwise stated, this Base Prospectus is subject to Norwegian law. In the event of any dispute regarding 
the Base Prospectus, Norwegian law will apply.

--- Page 3 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
3
TABLE OF CONTENTS:  
 
1 RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................4 
2 DEFINITIONS ................................................................................................................. 10 
3 PERSONS RESPONSIBLE .................................................................................................. 12 
4 STATUTORY AUDITORS ................................................................................................... 13 
5 INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER AND THE GUARANTORS ................................................ 14 
6 BUSINESS OVERVIEW ..................................................................................................... 15 
7 ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE ........................................................................................ 17 
8 TREND INFORMATION ..................................................................................................... 18 
9 ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES ............................................. 19 
10 MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS ................................................................................................ 22 
11 FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE COMPANY'S ASSETS AND LIABILITIES, 
FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES ...................................................... 23 
12 DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE ................................................................................................ 25 
13 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS THAT CAN BE ISSUED UNDER THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................ 26 
14 THIRD PARTY INFORMATION AND STATEMENT BY EXPERTS AND DECLARATIONS OF 
ANY INTEREST ....................................................................................................... 36 
CROSS REFERENCE LIST .................................................................................................... 37 
JOINT LEAD MANAGERS' DISCLAIMER ................................................................................. 38 
ANNEX 1 ARTICLES OF ASSOCIATION FOR ICE GROUP SCANDINAVIA HOLDINGS AS AND 
ICE COMMUNICATION NORGE AS ............................................................................. 39 
ANNEX 2 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS FOR ICE COMMUNICATION NORGE AS ................................ 40 
ANNEX 3 TEMPLATE FOR FINAL TERMS FOR FIXED AND FLOATING RATE BONDS ...................... 41

--- Page 4 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
4
1 Risk factors   
Investing in bonds issued by Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS and guaranteed by the Guarantors involves 
inherent risks.   
 
As the Company is the parent company of the Group, and primarily a holding company, the risk factors for the 
Group are deemed to be equivalent for the purpose of this Base Prospectus. 
 
For the purpose of this Registration Document, the risk factors for the Company and the Guarantors are deemed 
to be equivalent. 
 
The risks and uncertainties described in the Prospectus are risks of which the Company is aware and that the 
Company considers to be material to its business. If any of these risks were to occur, the Company’s and/or the 
Guarantors’ business, financial position, operating results or cash flows could be materially adversely affected, 
and the Company and/or Guarantors could be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in 
connection with the bonds.  Prospective investors should carefully consider, among other things, the risk factors 
set out in this Base Prospectus, before making an investment decision.  
 
An investment in the bonds is suitable only for investors who understand the risk factors associated with this type 
of investment and who can afford a loss of all or part of their investment. 
 
 
Disease outbreaks and pandemic risks, and risks related to the 
industry and market conditions 
Disease outbreaks and pandemic risks 
While the Issuer Group’s operations are today foremost based in Norway, it relies on a significant number of 
operational staff and third-party suppliers to run smoothly, as well as the continuous and stable supply of 
handsets and other equipment to our customers. As evidenced by the recent COVID-19 pandemic outbreak, 
disease outbreaks may cause significant disruptions to our continuing business operations, including the supply of 
stocks and the movement of staff and their ability to commute to their place of work. Such restrictions and the 
outbreak itself could have an adverse impact on the Issuer Group’s business, including on supply of both network 
equipment and handsets or other consumer premises, equipment, and could also impact the availability and 
performance of service staff with our suppliers. 
 
Given the rapidly evolving landscape of the COVID-19 pandemic, where information, impacts and even the 
regulatory environment can change in a matter of hours, it is extremely difficult to estimate the potential impact of 
pandemic outbreaks to the Issuer’s financial results. The Issuer Group has however implemented precautionary 
measures and protocols based on recommendations from official health authorities, such as the Norwegian 
Institute of Public Health (No. Folkehelseinstituttet) and the World Health Organization (“WHO”). To the extent 
possible, business continuity and contingency plans have been updated and implemented to mitigate any 
negative impact on the business from a wide-spread and long-lasting disease of the Coronavirus type. 
 
It is clear that restrictions resulting from pandemic outbreaks such as COVID-19 on movement of people, 
transportation of equipment and other governmental or regulatory restrictions could limit the Issuer Group’s ability 
to meet operational and financial targets and commitments to customers. Furthermore, the general reduction in 
macroeconomic activity – both domestically and internationally – following the disease outbreaks could directly 
impact the growth and/or demand for the services the Issuer Group provides, which in turn could result in lower 
service revenues, and thereby have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
 
Continued rapid technological changes 
The telecommunications industry is characterized by rapid increases in the diversity and sophistication of the 
technologies and services offered. As a result, the Issuer Group may face increasing competition from the 
application of technologies which are currently being developed, such as fifth generation mobile services (“5G”), 
or which may be developed in the future by the Issuer Group’s existing competitors, new market entrants or 
telecommunications equipment firms. Future development or application of new or alternative technologies, 
services or standards could require significant changes to the Issuer Group’s business model, the development of 
new products, the provision of additional services or substantial new investment. The Issuer Group cannot 
guarantee that it will be able to adapt its services in an adequate and timely manner in order to keep up with the 
rapid development in the market. If the Issuer Group fails to develop, or obtain timely access to, new technologies 
or equipment, or if the Issuer Group fails to obtain the necessary licenses or spectrum to provide services using 
these new technologies, the Issuer Group’s products may be less competitive, causing the Issuer Group to lose 
subscribers and market share. As a consequence, the Issuer Group may need to make further investments in

--- Page 5 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
5
order to remain competitive, which would increase costs and affect profitability, which again could have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Risks related to the Issuer Group’s operations 
Future investments in maintaining, upgrading and expanding its network 
The Issuer Group’s success is dependent on its ability to continue its investments in maintaining, upgrading and 
expanding its telecommunication networks. The Issuer Group has made substantial investments in its networks 
and is expected to continue with those investments. However, certain factors outside the control of the Issuer 
Group could restrict or limit the Issuer Group’s ability to continue with those investments. These include the 
availability of new and attractive products in the market to build and maintain the network, the ability of equipment 
suppliers to deliver their products in an effective and satisfactory manner, the Issuer Group’s ability to negotiate 
with its suppliers and the Issuer Group’s ability to obtain financing on a timely basis and on commercially 
reasonable terms. In the mobile broadband segment, efficient and affordable equipment is important to be able to 
deliver competitive services. Failure to maintain and develop robust telecommunication networks could hinder the 
Issuer Group’s financial and operational performance in the future. 
 
In addition, the Issuer Group must also continuously maintain and upgrade its existing networks and IT systems in 
order to allow ongoing operations to function properly and to expand such subscriber function as the subscriber 
base grows. Further, the Issuer Group could be required to upgrade the functionality of its networks, increase 
customer service efforts, update network management and administrative system and upgrade older systems and 
networks to adapt them to new technologies by regulatory obligations. Many of these tasks are not fully under the 
Issuer Group’s control, and may be affected by, among other things, the regulatory regime where the Issuer 
Group operates. If the Issuer Group fails to successfully maintain, expand or upgrade its networks and IT 
systems, the Group’s offerings and services may become less attractive to new subscribers and the Group may 
lose existing subscribers to its competitors. In addition, the Issuer Group’s future and ongoing network and IT 
systems upgrades may fail to generate a positive return on investment, which may have an adverse effect on the 
Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. Finally, if the Issuer Group’s capital 
expenditure exceeds projections or the Issuer Group’s operating cash flow is lower than expected, the Issuer 
Group may be required to seek additional financing for future maintenance and upgrades, which in turn could 
have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Dependency on contracts 
The National Roaming Agreement Ice Communication Norge AS has signed with Telia allows the Issuer Group’s 
customers in Norway to secure access to a network when customers travel outside of the Issuer Group’s own 
network coverage and is hence material to the Issuer Group’s business in Norway. The National Roaming 
Agreement lasts until 31 December 2023 with a 1+1 year extension option, whereas the last 1 year option is 
subject to certain conditions. There is no absolute certainty that the agreement will be prolonged on current (or 
better) terms, or that the agreement will be renewed or replaced after the expiry of its term. Although Telenor is 
required under current regulation to offer national roaming services and access to Telenor`s masts, and could 
therefore be considered a potential alternative provider to the Issuer Group in this respect, there may be changes 
to the current regulation resulting in Telenor no longer being obliged to provide such services, or the Issuer Group 
may be unable to secure as favourable terms under an agreement with Telenor. Should the Issuer Group not 
succeed in prolonging and/or renewing or replacing the National Roaming Agreement after it has expired, this 
may have a material adverse effect on churn and hence the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
 
In 2016, AINMT Holdings AB entered into a framework supply agreement with Nokia whereby Nokia was elected 
as vendor for the rollout of LTE Radio Access Network (“RAN”) in Scandinavia. On 30 May 2018, AINMT Holdings 
AB entered into the Amended Nokia Agreement, which provides the framework to facilitate further network build- 
out in Norway as a turnkey supplier to be completed in 2021. The Issuer Group is in particular subject to material 
payment obligations pursuant to the amendment to the Nokia Agreement, which is a material component in the 
Issuer Group’s growth strategy. Should the Issuer Group fail to meet its obligations under the Amended Nokia 
Agreement, this could have a materially adverse impact on the Issuer Group’s financial condition, results of 
operation and ability to further expand its business. 
 
Competition from other operators 
The Issuer Group’s business plan assumes significant growth in its smartphone customer base in Norway. The 
Issuer Group faces competition from other telecommunications operators, as well as fixed line operators in some 
markets. The Issuer Group’s main competitors are Telenor and Telia. 
 
Competition from current market participants, potential new entrants and new products and services, may 
adversely affect the Issuer Group’s performance. In Norway, both Telenor and Telia offer Mobile Virtual Network 
Operator (“MVNO”) access to infrastructure and network, allowing potential competitors in the market to offer 
mobile services through entering into service provider agreements with Telenor or Telia. A service provider

--- Page 6 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
6
agreement means that the capital expenditure required to enter the mobile market in Norway as a competitor is 
much lower since such new entrants are not dependent on investing in infrastructure or core network. 
 
Disruption of services 
The Issuer Group’s ability to operate successfully is dependent on the Issuer Group’s ability to deploy sufficient 
network resources and operate the Issuer Group’s networks. The failure or breakdown of key components of the 
Issuer Group’s networks, including hardware and software, may have a material negative effect on the Issuer 
Group’s financial and operational performance. Although all system parts are redundant, if two or more business’ 
critical nodes fail, the network might have unstable and weak services to the end-user which could lead to 
customers 
terminating their services with the Issuer Group. 
 
The Issuer Group has experienced system failures, and while the Issuer Group has taken measures to prevent or 
limit future failures and their impact, there can be no assurance that the Issuer Group will not experience 
disruptions to its services in the future. Any interruptions in the Issuer Group’s ability to provide its services could 
seriously harm the Issuer Group’s reputation and reduce subscriber confidence, which could materially impair the 
Issuer Group’s ability to acquire and retain subscribers. In addition, the Issuer Group may incur significant capital 
expenditures to restore the functionality of the Issuer Group’s networks and provide its subscribers with reliable 
service, network capacity and security. 
 
Further, part of the Issuer Group’s network infrastructure is located on the premises of third parties. If this 
infrastructure encounter any disruptions, it may take longer to resolve the problem, which would impair the Issuer 
Group’s ability to restore services, and accordingly affect its reputation and ability to obtain and retain subscribers. 
In addition, disputes between these third parties and the Issuer Group or legal proceedings involving third parties 
or the Issuer Group’s property may cause part of the Issuer Group’s network infrastructure to be inaccessible, 
which could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s ability to efficiently operate, maintain and 
upgrade the Issuer Group’s network. 
 
Relationship with suppliers 
The Issuer Group depends on a limited number of suppliers and vendors to provide equipment and services to 
develop and upgrade its networks and operate its businesses. Although the Issuer Group believes that there exist 
alternative suppliers and vendors if the existing relationships were to be terminated, no assurance can be given 
that the Issuer Group will be able to replace the suppliers on equal or better terms. The Issuer Group’s suppliers 
of core network, radio and access equipment may not continue to supply equipment and provide services to the 
Issuer Group on terms that are favourable or may discontinue with the manufacturing of the necessary equipment 
required to operate the telecommunications networks. The Issuer Group may experience problems such as the 
availability of new devices, higher than anticipated prices of new devices, and potential difficulties with new 
suppliers. Given that the number of 450 MHz band operators and subscribers globally is limited, the 
attractiveness for suppliers to supply equipment for this frequency band is limited which could lead to fewer 
suppliers and higher prices for equipment and devices. Any failure in relation to the supply chain may have an 
adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s financial and operational performance. 
 
The Issuer Group cannot assure that its suppliers will continue to provide the Issuer Group with products and 
services on commercially attractive terms, or that the Issuer Group will be able to obtain required services or 
equipment in the future from the Issuer Group’s current or alternative suppliers on commercially attractive terms, if 
at all. If the Issuer Group’s key suppliers are unable to provide the Issuer Group with adequate supplies of 
products and services, the Issuer Group’s ability to attract subscribers could be negatively affected, which in turn 
could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
License renewal risk 
When the Issuer Group’s telecommunications frequency licenses held by Ice Communication Norge AS expire, 
the Issuer Group will need to renew them in order to continue its operations. The Issuer Group’s ability to renew 
its licenses in the future may be affected by factors outside of its control, such as competition from other operators 
when bidding for license renewals in auctions or the government’s decision to revoke licenses or limit the number 
of license-holders. 
 
The existing 2,100 MHz frequency license held by the Issuer Group will expire in 2032. The 800, 900 and 1,800 
MHz frequency licenses will expire in 2033, and the 450 and 700 MHz frequency licenses will expire in 2039. 
 
Failure to renew licenses in the future could have a significant impact on the Issuer Group’s ability to continue to 
deliver its products and services, and/or require the Issuer Group to undertake further investments through 
building further sites to compensate for loss of frequencies in order to maintain the same level of coverage for 
subscribers and subsequently impact the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
New licenses autioned by the authorities 
The Issuer Group is dependent on acquiring frequencies in order to achieve its growth strategy in the long term 
and in order to maintain its competitive position. The authorities in Norway may hold auctions for new licenses in

--- Page 7 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
7
the future which may lead to new licenses being assigned to current or new competitors of the Issuer Group, 
which would increase competition in the markets in which the Issuer Group operates, adversely affecting the 
Issuer Group’s ability to gain market share to the extent it cannot provide consistent coverage or add capacity to 
its network to support its subscriber base. To the extent the Issuer Group is unsuccessful in frequency actions, 
this could adversely affect its strategy and have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition and 
results of operations. 
 
The licenses may have limited value upon a bankruptcy 
If any of the license owning companies in the Issuer Group enters into bankruptcy, the licenses will be part of the 
bankruptcy estate. Should however the bankruptcy lead to a breach of the license requirements or the license fee 
not being paid, there is a risk that the licenses may be revoked by the authorities. In normal circumstances the 
bankruptcy estate will, thus, be allowed to find a buyer for the license(s) and assign them to the buyer, but in 
order to assign licenses in Norway the authorities must consent to the assignments. There is a risk that the 
authorities do not consent to the assignment, and for all licenses there is a risk that there is no existing market for 
the license(s) when the bankruptcy estate offers the license(s) for sale. If licenses for one of more reasons prove 
impossible to assign, there is a risk that the license(s) will be revoked by the authorities without any compensation 
to the license holder.  
 
Cyber-attacks, subscriber database piracy etc. 
The Issuer Group may be exposed to database piracy, unauthorized access or other database security breaches 
which could result in the leakage and unauthorised dissemination of information about the Issuer Group’s 
subscribers, including their names, addresses, home phone numbers and personal identity number, which could 
materially adversely impact the Issuer Group’s reputation, prompt lawsuits against the Issuer Group by 
subscribers, lead to violations of data protection laws and adverse actions by telecommunications regulators and 
other authorities, lead to a loss in subscribers and hinder the Issuer Group’s ability to attract new subscribers. In 
addition, the Issuer Group’s network and IT infrastructure may be exposed to cyber-attacks, computer virus 
attacks or acts of terrorism or vandalism. Any such attack could result in equipment failures or disruptions in the 
Issuer Group’s operations. Any inability to operate the Issuer Group’s network as a result of such events may 
result in significant expense and/or customer churn. These factors, individually or in the aggregate, could have a 
material adverse effect on the Issuer Group’s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Regulatory environment 
The Issuer Group operates in a highly regulated industry. The Issuer Group’s business is subject to regulation set 
by Government authorities in each of the markets where the Issuer Group operates. Changes in regulation or 
Government policy could restrict the Issuer Group’s ability to manage its operations. Regulatory authorities could 
inter alia amend or revoke licenses, which could materially impact the Issuer Group’s business performance and 
operational results. 
 
Dispute with Golden Tree 
GoldenTree Asset Management LP (“GoldenTree”) as agent and certain other lenders entered into an unsecured 
and subordinated loan agreement dated 30 September 2015 (the “GoldenTree Loan Agreement ”) with AINMT 
Holdings AB, which owns directly 100 % of the shares in Ice Group Scandinavia Holding AS. On 10 October 2020 
GoldenTree submitted a claim against AINMT Holdings AB before Oslo District Court to obtain a judgement that 
the GoldenTree Loan Agreement has been breached 14 times since 2017 (7 of these alleged breaches consisting 
of not informing GoldenTree of the alleged breaches) and that the lenders are entitled to an increase in the 
interest rate of 5 percentage points for each breach. According to GoldenTree this implies that interest accrued in 
the last year ending 30 September 2020 alone amounts to USD 112,376,900. GoldenTree alleges that this 
interest amount is due and payable and requests that AINMT Holdings AB be ordered to pay this amount to 
GoldenTree. In Ice Group's opinion there is no merit to any of GoldenTree's claims that the loan agreement has 
been breached. Ice Group has rejected all claims in their entirety and is vigorously defending against them before 
the court. 
In a pleading 12 April 2021, GoldenTree has agreed to refer the dispute to mediation, which will take place in 
June 2021. If the dispute is not solved through mediation, it will be heard by the District Court in September 2021. 
In the same pleading, GoldenTree has expanded its claim to include 6 additional alleged breaches (3 of these 
alleged breaches consisting of not informing GoldenTree of the alleged breaches) connected to Ice Group 
Scandinavia Holdings AS’ refinancing of its NOK 1,400 million senior secured bond, arguing that the lenders are 
entitled to an increase in the interest rate of 5 percentage points for each alleged breach. 
The case currently stands before the district court. As with every court proceeding, the outcome is up to the court 
and, thus, outside Ice Group’s control. In the scenario where the courts find that AINMT Holdings AB has 
breached the GoldenTree Loan Agreement, the GoldenTree Loan Agreement is not binding on the Issuer nor any

--- Page 8 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
8
other obligor under the Bond Agreement, which includes Ice Communication Norge AS. The GoldenTree Loan 
Agreement is neither binding on Ice Group ASA. GoldenTree has, thus, not made any claims against neither of 
Ice Group ASA, Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS and Ice Communication Norge AS and will not have the right 
to seek recourse against them. The consequences of a ruling in disfavour of AINMT Holding AB, would mean that 
AINMT Holdings AB would have to pay a cash amount to GoldenTree, or that AINMT Holdings AB upon 
enforcement of such monetary claim by GoldenTree must sell its shares in Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
and, thus, lose control over Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS and Ice Communication Norge AS if AINMT 
Holdings AB does not possess enough funds to make the cash payment. This will trigger the change of control 
provision/ownership undertaking in the Bond Terms and under existing bonds. AINMT Holdings AB is solely a 
holding company which Ice Communication Norge AS does not rely on in order to carry out its business. 
 
Data protection  
In order to provide its services, the Issuer Group collects and processes large amounts of personal data with 
respect to, inter alia, its customers, as a data controller. The EU General Data Protection Regulation and local 
data protection laws ("GDPR") provide strict obligations on data controllers and rights for data subjects. Breach of 
GDPR may result in fines and penalties as well as loss of reputation. The implementation of GDPR has required 
amendments to the Issuer Group's procedures and policies, including measures to ensure compliance with the 
rules. If there are breaches of these measures, the Issuer Group could face significant administrative and 
monetary sanctions or reputational damage which may have an adverse effect on the Issuer Group's financial 
condition and results of operation. 
 
The Issuer Group’s financial risks 
Amount of debt 
In respect of the Issuer Group, Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS has issued the following bonds: a) a NOK 
1,400 million Senior Secured Callable Bonds issued 10 March 2021, maturing 10 March 2025 (the Bond Issue) b) 
a NOK 800 million Senior Unsecured Callable Bonds issued in 2017 and maturing 7 April 2022, c) a NOK 900 
million Senior Unsecured Callable Bonds issued in 2019 and maturing 10 October 2023, and d) a NOK 689 
million PIK Toggle Subordinated Convertible Bond in 2020 maturing 31 August 2025, where Ice Group 
Scandinavia Holdings AS is co-debtor and Ice Group ASA is issuer. The level of debt of Ice Group could 
adversely affect the overall financial flexibility of Ice Group. It is mainly the Issuer Group’s level of debt that is 
likely to have the most important negative consequences for the Issuer Group. For example, the Issuer Group’s 
substantial debt could (i) require the Issuer Group to dedicate a large portion of its cash flow from operations to 
service debt and fund repayments on the Issuer Group’s debt, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow to 
fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes; (ii) increase the Issuer Group’s 
vulnerability to adverse general economic or industry conditions; (iii) limit the Issuer Group’s flexibility in planning 
for, or reacting to, changes in the Issuer Group’s business or the industry in which it operates; (iv) place the Issuer 
Group at a competitive disadvantage compared to its competitors that have less debt; (v) require the Issuer Group 
to comply with certain covenants and undertakings, and (vi) make it more difficult to attract both existing and new 
investors to participate in new equity issues. 
 
Covenants 
The bond agreements for certain bond issues include financial and operational covenants applicable for the 
Issuer Group. A failure by the Issuer Group to meet these covenants will constitute an event of default entitling the 
bondholders (acting through the bond trustee) to call for immediate repayment of amounts outstanding under the 
Bond. The GoldenTree Loan Agreement and the RG Loan contain put options, which would require the Issuer 
Group to repay the loans, in whole or in part, prior to their respective maturity date. In the event of an acceleration 
of the loans or an exercise of these put options, there is a risk that the Issuer Group will not have sufficient funds 
at the relevant time to make the required repayments. 
 
In addition, future credit facilities entered into by the Issuer Group may require it to satisfy a maximum total 
leverage test and potentially additional financial covenants. The ability of the Issuer Group to comply with the 
covenants in the bond agreements and in future credit facilities may be affected by events beyond their control 
and it cannot be assured that the Issuer Group will continue to meet these tests. The failure of the Issuer Group to 
comply with these obligations could lead to a default under its credit facilities unless the Issuer Group can obtain 
waivers or consents in respect of any breaches of its obligations thereunder. It cannot be assured that such 
waivers or consents will be granted. A breach of any covenants or the inability to comply with the required 
financial ratios could result in a default under such credit facilities. In the event of any default under the credit 
facilities, the lenders will not be required to lend any additional amounts to the Issuer Group and could elect to 
declare all outstanding borrowings, together with accrued interest, fees and other amounts due thereunder, to be 
immediately due and payable. If the debt under the Issuer Group’s credit facilities were to be accelerated, the 
Issuer Group cannot assure that its assets would be sufficient to repay such debt in full. 
 
Financing and liquidity risks 
Financing risk refers to risks relating to the Issuer Group’s ability to obtain additional financing or refinancing of 
existing debt, or that it can be obtained only at a significantly higher cost.

--- Page 9 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
9
 
Further expansion of the Issuer Group in Norway could lead to an amended capital requirement profile for the 
Issuer Group, and the Issuer Group could have, inter alia, operating expenses and capital expenditures which are 
difficult to foresee at this point in time, making the existing financing insufficient to meet the capital requirements. 
For instance, the capital requirements of the Issuer Group may increase on a short-term basis should the 
customer growth of the Issuer Group be greater than expected. Further, the actual revenue and customer base of 
the Issuer Group may negatively deviate from the Issuer Group’s expectations, creating a need for additional 
financing. The Issuer Group may not be able to obtain additional financing on reasonable terms or at all in order 
to finance the necessary operating expenses and/or capital expenditures. 
 
There is always refinancing risk when it comes to refinancing existing debt. The Issuer believes the two 
unsecured bonds have a good refinancing runway. The Issuer Group is progressing well on revenue growth, 
EBITDA and cash flow compared to when the bonds were entered into, and, therefore, expects that it will be able 
to refinance the bonds before they mature. However, no assurance can be given that such refinancing will be 
granted on equal or better terms. 
 
Although Ice Group’s main shareholders have supported the Group in all equity issues so far, there is no 
guarantee that they will continue to do so in the future. 
 
As a result of Ice Group’s high leverage, the Issuer Group uses a large share of its cash flow for payment of 
liabilities, which means that the Issuer Group’s financial flexibility is limited. 
 
Interest rate risks 
The Issuer Group is exposed to interest rate risks in interest bearing current and non-current liabilities (including 
the Bond Issue). As the Bonds carry variable interest rates (NIBOR), the relatively high level of debt results in 
exposure to interest rate risk. 
 
Risks related to the Bond 
There will only be a limited trading market for the Bonds and the market may have limited liquidity 
There is no existing market for the Bonds, and although the intention is to apply for a listing of the Bonds on the 
Oslo Stock Exchange, there can be no assurance given regarding the future development of a trading market for 
the Bonds. It may be difficult or even impossible to trade and sell the Bonds in the secondary market due to a 
limited market for the Bonds as well as the market for the Bonds may also have limited liquidity. In connection 
with this, the Issuer Group has experienced limited trading liquidity in the previous Bonds. As the Bonds are not 
rated this may also have a negative effect on the market for the Bonds as they may be considered an unsecure 
investment. 
 
Value of secured assets 
Although certain security has been provided for the Bonds, there can be no assurance that the value of the 
secured assets will be sufficient to cover all the outstanding Bonds together with accrued interest and expenses in 
case of a default and/or if the Issuer or other members of the Issuer Group enter into bankruptcy proceedings. A 
liquidation scenario may also make it difficult to obtain full market value for the secured assets, which may leave 
bondholders impaired.

--- Page 10 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
10
2 Definitions 
 
Annual Report 2020 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS’ financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
 
Annual Report 2019 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS’ financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2019. 
 
Base Prospectus 
 This document dated 20 July 2021. 
 
 
 The Base Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, as 
competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of 
completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus.  
 
Board or Board of Directors 
The board of directors in the Issuer or the Guarantor. 
 
Companies Registry 
The Norwegian Registry of Business Enterprises (Foretaksregisteret) 
 
Company/Issuer/Ice Group  
Scandinavia Holdings 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS  
 
Final Terms 
Document to be prepared for each new issue of bonds under the 
Prospectus. The template for Final Terms is included in the Base 
Prospectus as Annex 3. 
 
The template for Final Terms has been approved by the Norwegian FSA, 
as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The Norwegian 
FSA only approves this template for Final Terms as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Such approval should not be considered 
as an endorsement of the quality of the securities that are the subject of 
this template for Final Terms. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the securities. 
 
Issuer Group/The Group 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time.  
 
Ice Group 
Ice Group ASA and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2020 
Ice Communication Norge AS’ financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2020. 
 
Guarantor Annual Report 2019 
Ice Communication Norge AS’ financial statements for the year ended 31 
December 2019. 
 
Guarantor Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Ice Communication Norge AS, as amended 
and currently in effect. 
 
Guarantor Interim Report Q1 2021 
Ice Communication Norge AS’ financial statements for the quarter ended 
31 March 2021. 
 
Guarantors 
Means (i) Ice Communication Norge AS, a Norwegian company with reg. 
number 912 672 808 and (ii) each other Group Company from time to 
time. 
 
IFRS 
International Financial Reporting Standards 
 
Interim Report Q1 2021 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS’ financial statements for the quarter 
ended 31 March 2021 
 
ISIN 
International Securities Identification Number 
 
Issuer Articles of Association 
The articles of association of Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, as 
amended and currently in effect.

--- Page 11 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
11
 
NOK 
Norwegian kroner 
 
Joint Lead Managers 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS 
 
VPS or VPS System 
The Norwegian Central Securities Depository, Verdipapirsentralen ASA

--- Page 12 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
12
3 Persons responsible  
3.1 Persons responsible for the information 
Persons responsible for the information given in the Base Prospectus are as follows: 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
 
3.2 Declaration by persons responsible 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS declares that to the best of its knowledge, the information contained in the 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and that the Base Prospectus makes no omission likely to affect 
its import.    
 
 
Oslo, 20 July 2021

--- Page 13 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
13
4 Statutory Auditors   
The statutory auditors for the Issuer and the Guarantos for the period covered by the historical financial 
information are given in the table below 
 
Company 
Year 
Auditor 
Auditor’s address 
Auditor’s 
membership in a 
professional body 
Ice Group 
Scandinavia 
Holdings AS 
2019 and 2020 
Pricewaterhouse
Coopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gt 
71, N-0194 Oslo, 
Norway 
The Norwegian 
Institute of Public 
Accountants (“Den 
norske 
Revisorforening”) 
Ice Communication 
Norge AS 
2019 and 2020 
Pricewaterhouse
Coopers AS 
Dronning Eufemias gt 
71, N-0194 Oslo, 
Norway 
The Norwegian 
Institute of Public 
Accountants (“Den 
norske 
Revisorforening”)

--- Page 14 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
14
5 Information about the Issuer and the Guarantors 
5.1 Legal and commercial name, domicile and legal form 
Legal name 
Commercial name 
Domicile 
Legal form 
Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS (the”Issuer”) 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings 
Norway 
Private limited liability company 
Ice Communication Norge 
AS (the “Guarantor”) 
Ice Communication Norge 
Norway 
Private limited liability company 
 
5.2 Place of registration, registration number, LEI code and objects 
and purposes 
Legal name 
Place of registration 
Registration 
number 
LEI code 
Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS  
The Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
913 192 354 
5967007LIEEXZXJ76807 
Ice Communication 
Norge AS 
The Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
912 672 808 
5493005YEU7Y482DXU54 
 
5.3 Country of incorporation, date of incorporation and legislation 
Legal name 
Country of 
incorporation 
Date of 
incorporation 
Legislation 
Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS 
Norway 
27 January 2014 
The laws of Norway, including 
the Private Limited Liability 
Companies Act 
Ice Communication 
Norge AS 
Norway 
30 October 2013 
The laws of Norway, including 
the Private Limited Liability 
Companies Act 
 
5.4 Address, telephone and website 
Legal name 
Address 
Telephone 
Website 
Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 
Oslo, Norway 
+47 940 94 900 
www.icegroup.com  
Ice Communication 
Norge AS 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 
Oslo, Norway 
+47 940 94 900 
www.icegroup.com 
 
The information on the website mentioned above does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that 
information is incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus. 
 
5.5 Objects and purposes  
The Company's business shall be the operator of a mobile telephony network and related business; together with 
any commercial, industrial or financial transaction in respect of real estate or movable property that may be related 
- directly or indirectly - to the said purpose or could cause the implementation of this purpose, including participation 
in other companies.  according to the Issuer Articles of Association §3. 
 
The Guarantor's business is telecommunications and related business; together with any commercial, industrial or 
financial transaction in respect of real estate or movable property that may be related - directly or indirectly - to the 
said purpose or could cause the implementation of this purpose, including participation in other companies.  
according to the Guarantor Articles of Association §3. 
 
5.6 Expected financing of activities 
The Issuer is a holdings company and as such it does not have any operation of its own. Its activities comprise of 
investing in its subsidiaries and their underlying businesses. The Issuer’s debts from these investing activities are 
expected to be serviced through the return of its investments in these subsidiaries and/or through loans in 
combination with shareholder equity.

--- Page 15 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
15
6 Business overview    
 
6.1 Main categories of products sold and/or services performed  
Introduction 
The Group is a Norwegian telecommunications operator with operations in Norway and had approximately 726 
thousand subscribers in the Smartphone and Mobile Broadband markets as of Q1 2021. The Group offers 
smartphone services to both residential (“B2C”) and business (“B2B”) customers, mobile broadband services to 
B2B and B2C customers and M2M solutions to B2B customers. 
 
Smartphone B2C 
Smartphone B2C subscriptions is 84% of the Group’s subscribers as of Q1 2021. The Group currently offers seven 
base subscription options to residential customers within smartphone products and services in Norway:  
 
Voice and messaging are included, and there is no start-up fee. In addition, Data Rollover and Rollover sharing is 
included in all subscriptions, meaning that unused data in one month can be shared with other Ice subscribers in 
the next month. Lock-in periods are offered in connection with handset sales or for a reduction in the monthly fee 
for a period of 12 months, which equals the maximum allowed lock-in period for B2C subscribers in the Norwegian 
market. 
In addition the Group offers two subscription options tailored to children below 13 years old; iceJunior 1 GB price 
at NOK 0/month and iceJunior+free voice 1 GB price at NOK 50/month. These subscriptions also include messaging 
however voice calls are limited to 3 numbers in iceJunior. These two subscriptions limit data usage to the ice 
network. 
In addition the Group offers 4 subscription options tailored to young people below 29 years old; iceUng 2GB for 
NOK 149/month, iceUng 4GB for NOK 199/month, iceUng 8GB for NOK 249/month and iceUng 12GB for NOK 
299/month. These subscriptions also include voice and messaging however voice calls. 
The Group also offer Data Frihet. Data Frihet is an optional add-on that gives «unlimited» usage of on-net data in 
the ice network in addition to regular data quota in the price plan. It can be combined with subscriptions from 8 GB 
and above in the price plan portfolio. Monthly fee is NOK 99. 
Ice also offers the product “Mobilbytte” to its B2C customers. The product is a 30-month subscription which involves 
a handset financing solution provided by a third party (Expressbank) and an option to upgrade the handset, 
conditional on returning the original handset, first after 18 months. 
Smartphone B2B 
With regards to the smartphone products and services offered to business customers in Norway, the Group offers 
solutions with or without lock-in periods mainly of (24 months). The offers include unlimited messaging and voice 
usage at a fixed monthly fee. The offers with lock-in periods are usually offered with a lower monthly fee, 
subsidisation of mobile phones or break fees which are paid to other operators when customers change their 
subscription to Ice. Six basic offerings are provided (ranging from 1GB to 50GB), to which the customer can add 
data packages (incl. Data Frihet) or pay for extra per MB when exceeding their subscription limit. 
Mobile Broadband (MBB) 
The monthly price plans offered to B2C mobile broadband customers range from 7 GB at 99,50 NOK/month to 300 
GB at 399,50 NOK/month, allowing customers to choose a price plan that matches their data consumption. If 
customers reach their monthly data allowance, they have the option to purchase additional data. Modems/routers 
can either be purchased outright or rented by paying a monthly fee. B2C mobile broadband customers are subject 
to lock-in period mainly of 12-months. 
With regards to mobile broadband products to B2B customers, the Company offers price plans from 8 GB to 300 
GB in Norway. The subscribers are charged a start-up fee, a monthly subscription fee based on their price plan and 
have the option to either pay a monthly rental fee for the modem/router or purchase the modem/router upfront. B2B 
customers are mainly subject to 18-month lock-in periods.

--- Page 16 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
16
M2M 
M2M offerings to B2B customers include, among other things: 
• 
M2M control (tool for monitoring a network, troubleshooting, check network quality etc.); 
• 
Public static IP (Public IP means the IP address can be visited from any computer in the world, static 
IP means the IP address never changes as long as the user stays with the same provider or same 
server); 
• 
Virtual Private Networks (“VPN”, creates a secure connection between the mobile broadband modem 
and the customer’s internal network); and 
• 
HotSpot (public access to Wi-Fi in e.g. restaurants, buses, airports etc.). 
The Group offers both generic and customised M2M solutions. Price plans for these subscriptions vary with the 
type of subscription and the customer’s choice of fixed or variable data amounts. Generally, price plans follow the 
same scheme as for the Group’s other mobile broadband services with monthly fees and a contractual lock-in 
period. 
Devices and Accessories 
For the B2C and B2B Smartphone segments, the Group offers various handsets to its customers. The Company 
offers smartphones from manufacturers such as Apple, Samsung, Huawei, Caterpillar, HTC, Doro and Sony, among 
others.  
For mobile broadband services, the Group offers a range of modems and routers adapted to specific needs. The 
modems and routers for mobile broadband internet access are portable and allow for multiple users through Wi-Fi. 
In addition, the Group offers antennas that enhance coverage and speed by amplifying the power of the signal. The 
standard modems and routers offered have a built-in battery as backup or to facilitate use in areas with bad or 
limited access to electricity. 
For M2M solutions, there are numerous additional, more advanced devices offered that are customised to meet 
specific customers’ needs, such as equipment for integration into customer infrastructure.  
 
6.2 Significant new products or activities  
 
The Group reviews and adapts its product portfolio with regards to data quotas offered at different price points 
and prices/discounts for handsets sold. The packaging and pricing of the products sold change with changing 
customer demand and competitive behavoiur in the market.  
 
6.3 Principal markets in which the issuer competes 
 
The Group’s entire operation is in Norway, where it is the third largest mobile network operator (based on the 
number of subscribers as of Q4 2020, according to NKOM)1. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 https://ekomstatistikken.nkom.no/#/main

--- Page 17 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
17
7 Organisational structure 
7.1 Description of Issuer 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS is a limited liability company, incorporated and domiciled in Norway. 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS is a holding company and the parent company of the Group.  
 
The legal structure of the Group including its ownership is shown below. 
 
 
 
 
                       
 
                                    
 
                               
 
                       
 
               
 
 
7.2 Dependence upon other entities  
The Company conducts the main part of the external debt financing in the Group and finances its subsidiary with 
equity and loans. Therefore, the Company is dependent on the results of the operations of the Company's 
subsidiary. 
 
The Guarantor receives funding from the Company. Therefore, the Guarantor is dependent on the results of the 
operations of their parent company.

--- Page 18 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
18
8 Trend information 
8.1 Prospects and financial performance 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer or the Guarantors since the date of its 
last published audited financial statements.  
 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance of the Group since the end of the last financial 
period for which financial information has been published to the date of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 19 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
19
9 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies 
9.1 Information about persons 
9.1.1 Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of the Company:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Martin Westersø 
Board Chair 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, Nydalsveien 18B, 
N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Eivind Helgaker 
 
Director 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, Nydalsveien 18B, 
N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Geir Magne Flyum 
Director 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, Nydalsveien 18B, 
N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
 
Eivind Helgaker (born 1975) is the CEO of Ice Group, a role he assumed in August 2018. He has been the 
managing director of ice in Norway since 2009. 
 
Before joining ice, Helgaker was the country manager for CANAL+ Norway. Prior to this he spent seven years in 
various management roles at Tele2 in Norway and Holland, including his position in the Norwegian management 
group as the marketing director for Tele2 Norway. 
 
Helgaker is a master of science in marketing from the BI Norwegian School of Management. 
 
Martin Westersø (born 1973) is chief of staff at Ice Group, a role he took on in 2019. From 2012 to 2019 he was 
finance director for Ice Group in Norway. Westersø has a background as auditor and consultant in KPMG, finance 
manager in Diageo Nordics & Baltics and head of finance at events company Off Piste. Westersø holds a masters 
degree in economics from BI Norwegian Business School. 
 
Geir Magne Flyum (born 1985) is head of financial reporting at Ice Group, a role he assumed in December 2019. 
Flyum has a background as an auditor in Deloitte and head of accounting at Bank Norwegian and Bank2. Flyum 
holds a masters degree in accounting and auditing from Norwegian School of Economics.  
 
 
 
Management 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Management of the Company: 
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Eivind Helgaker 
Chief executive officer 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Per Heyeraas 
Chief financial officer 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Shiraz Abid 
Chief commercial officer 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Hans Heggenhaugen 
B2B Director 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Jan-Erik Hvidsten 
Chief technology officer 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Reynir Johannesson 
Communication director 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
Martin Westersø 
Chief of staff 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway 
 
Eivind Helgaker (born 1975) is the CEO of Ice Group, a role he assumed in August 2018. He has been the 
managing director of ice in Norway since 2009. 
 
Before joining ice, Helgaker was the country manager for CANAL+ Norway. Prior to this he spent seven years in 
various management roles at Tele2 in Norway and Holland, including his position in the Norwegian management 
group as the marketing director for Tele2 Norway. 
 
Helgaker is a master of science in marketing from the BI Norwegian School of Management.

--- Page 20 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
20
 
Per Heyeraas joined Ice Group as interim CFO on 16 February 2021 and will remain in the role until a permanent 
CFO is in place. 
 
Heyeraas has significant experience from financial markets and CFO roles, including CFO at both Sector Asset 
Management and Relacom AS. In recent years, he has provided M&A advisory and management consulting 
services through his own company. Prior to this, Heyeraas held roles as managing director and head of corporate 
finance at Nordea Markets in Norway, head of corporate finance at Landsbanki in Norway, and spent more than a 
decade at Fondsfinans ASA. He started his career as management consultant at McKinsey & Co. 
 
Heyeraas holds a master’s degree from the Norwegian School of Economics and Business Administration, NHH, 
and is also a certified financial analyst from NHH. 
 
Shiraz Abid (born 1980) is responsible for sales and marketing at Ice Group. He joined Ice in Norway as sales 
director in 2010. Prior to this Abid spent five years With NetCom, where he was responsible for various 
distribution channels, product management and CRM towards both the B2B and B2C markets. Abid holds a 
masters degree in business administration and a bachelordegree in IT management from the BI Norwegian 
Business School in Norway. 
 
Hans Heggenhaugen (born 1973) is responsible for Ice Group’s B2B organisation. He joined Ice Group in 2014 
as Chief Product Director. From 2006 to 2014, Heggenhaugen spent eight years with NetCom (Telia), including 
the role as head of commercial management B2B and several other management roles. Prior to this, he spent 
several years in product management at Checkpoint Systems. Heggenhaugen holds a master’s degree in 
business, computing and information systems from Griffith University, Australia, and a bachelor's degree in 
economics and management from Trondheim College of Economics, now called NTNU Business School. 
 
Jan-Erik Hvidsten (born 1972) is responsible for the technology department (network, IT, PMO, procurement) in 
Ice Group, a role he has held since 2017. Hvidsten has more than 20 years’ experience from the Norwegian 
telecom industry. He has previously held roles as CTO and COO at Ventelo, CTO at 1881.no and CM at Motorola 
Norge AS (Nødnett). He holds a bachelor's degree in telecommunications. 
 
Reynir Johannesson (born 1985) is responsible for communication and public affairs in Ice Group. He joined Ice 
Group in 2018. Johannesson has several years’ communications experience and has formerly held roles as junior 
minister at the Norwegian Ministry of Transport and Communications, political advisor at the Norwegian 
Parliament and publically elected in Sandefjord municipality, Norway. He holds a BA in political science from the 
University of Iceland. 
 
Martin Westersø (born 1973) is chief of staff at Ice Group, a role he took on in 2019. From 2012 to 2019 he was 
finance director for Ice Group in Norway. Westersø has a background as auditor and consultant in KPMG, finance 
manager in Diageo Nordics & Baltics and head of finance at events company Off Piste. Westersø holds a masters 
degree in economics from BI Norwegian Business School. 
 
9.1.2 Ice Communication Norge AS 
Board 
The table below set out the names of the members of the Board of Ice Communication Norge AS:  
 
Name  
Position  
Business address  
Martin Westersø 
Board Chair 
 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Shiraz Naveed Abid 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Marianne Gamre 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Jens Nordby 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Benedicte Jensen 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Geir Magne Flyum 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
Eivind Helgaker 
Director 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-
0484 Oslo, Norway 
 
Martin Westersø, see description above for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS.

--- Page 21 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
21
Shiraz Naveed Abid, see description above for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS. 
 
Marianne Gamre, Team Lead Basic Communication Product & Offering, employee representative on the board  
 
Jens Nordby, Head of Insight & Analytics Insight & Analytics, employee representative on the board  
 
Benedicte Jensen, Sales Manager Partner Sales B2C, employee representative on the board 
 
Geir Magne Flyum, see description above for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS. 
 
Eivind Helgaker, see description above for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS. 
 
 
 
 
Management 
The management team of Ice Communication Norge AS is the same as for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 
please refer to table above. man 
 
 
9.2 Administrative, management and supervisory bodies conflicts of 
interest  
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties to the Issuer or the Guarantors of the persons referred 
to in item 9.1 and their private interests and/or other duties.

--- Page 22 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
22
10 Major shareholders 
10.1 Ownership  
The share capital of Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS is NOK 5,100,000 divided into 30 shares at a nominal 
value of NOK 170,000 each. The Company is wholly owned by AINMT Holdings AB, which is wholly owned by Ice 
Group ASA. The Company has only one class of shares. 
 
The share capital of Ice Communication Norge AS is NOK 6,600,000 divided into 30,000 shares at a nominal value 
of NOK 220 each. The company is wholly owned by Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, and has only one class 
of shares. 
 
 
 
10.2 Change of control of the company 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.

--- Page 23 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
23
11 Financial information concerning the Company's assets 
and liabilities, financial position and profits and losses 
11.1 Historical Financial Information 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS’ consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with 
IFRS as adopted by the EU.   
 
The Group's accounting policies are shown in Annual Report 2020, pages 39-45, note 1.  
 
The separate financial statements for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS have been prepared in compliance with 
the Accounting Act and accounting principles generally accepted in Norway. 
 
The Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS’ accounting policies are shown in Annual Report 2020, page 75, note 
P1.  
 
According to the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council, the historical 
financial information and financial statements are incorporated by reference to the Annual Report 2019, Annual 
Report 2020 and the Interim Report Q1 2021, see Cross Reference List for complete web addresses. 
 
 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q1 2021 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Consolidated 
 
 
 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive income 
9 
34 
10 
 
Consolidated statements of financial position  
 
10 
 
35 
 
11-12 
 
Consolidated statements of cash flows 
 
12 
 
36 
 
14 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
 
13-17 
 
39-68 
 
15-45 
 
 
 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
 
 
Income statement 
--- 
71 
47 
Balance sheet  
--- 
72 
48-49 
 
Statement of cash flows 
 
--- 
 
73 
 
50 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
--- 
 
75-78 
 
51-54 
 
 
Ice Communication Norge AS 
Ice Communication Norge AS’ financial statements have been prepared in accordance with the Accounting Act 
and accounting principles generally accepted in Norway.   
 
The Ice Communication Norge AS’ accounting policies are shown in Guarantor Annual Report 2020, pages 11-
12.  
 
The Guarantor Annual Report 2019 and the Guarantor Annual Report are attached as Annex 2. Historical 
financial information is available on the pages shown below. 
 
 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
2019 
 
 
 
Ice Communication Norge AS 
 
 
Income statement 
7 
2 
 
Balance sheet  
 
8-9 
 
3-4 
 
Statement of cah flows 
 
10 
 
5 
 
Notes to the financial statements 
 
13-20 
 
8-15

--- Page 24 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
24
 
 
11.2 Auditing of historical annual financial information 
 
11.2.1 Statement of audited historical financial information 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Annual Report 2020, pages 82-86, and the 
Annual report 2019, pages 56-60. 
 
The financial information for first quarter 2021 has not been audited. 
 
Ice Communication Norge AS 
The audit has been conducted in accordance with laws, regulations, and auditing standards and practises 
generally accepted in Norway, including International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). 
 
A statement of audited historical financial information is given in the Independent Auditor’s Report 2020 and the 
Independent Auditor’s Report 2019, attached as Annex 2. 
 
 
 
11.2.2 Other audited information 
No other information in this Base Prospectus has been audited. 
 
 
 
11.3 Age of latest financial information 
 
11.3.1 Last year of audited financial information 
 
The last year of audited financial information is 2020 for both the Issuer and the Guarantor. 
 
 
 
11.4 Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending 
or threatened of which the issuer is aware), during a period covering at least the previous 12 months which may 
have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer, the Guarantor and/or Group's financial 
position or profitability. 
 
 
 
11.5 Significant change in the Company’s financial position 
 
There has not occurred any significant change in the financial position of the Company or the Guarantor since the 
end of the last financial period for which audited financial information has been published.

--- Page 25 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
25
12 Documents available  
 
The following documents (or copies thereof) may be inspected for the life of the Base Prospectus at the 
headquarters of the Company, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway, or at https://www.icegroup.com/: 
 
(a) the up to date memorandum and articles of association of the Company; 
 
(b) all reports, letters, and other documents, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the Company's 
request, any part of which is included or referred to in the Base Prospectus;

--- Page 26 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
26
13 Financial instruments that can be issued under the Base 
Prospectus 
The Base Prospectus, as approved in accordance with the EU Prospectus Regulation 2017/1129, allows for offer 
to subscribe and listing of Bonds.  
 
This chapter describes the form, type, definitions, general terms and conditions, return and redemption 
mechanisms, rating and template for Final Terms associated with the Bonds. 
 
Risk factors related to the Bonds are described in Chapter 1 Risk Factors. 
 
13.1 Securities Form 
A Bond is a financial instrument as defined in the Norwegian Securities Trading Act (Verdipapirhandelloven)  
§ 2-2.  
 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository.  
13.2 Security Type 
Borrowing limit – tap issue 
The Loan may be either open or closed for increase of the Borrowing Amount during the tenor. A tap issue can 
take place until five banking days before the Maturity Date. If the issue is open, the First Tranche and Borrowing 
Limit will be specified in the Applicable Final Terms. 
 
Return 
Fixed Rate (FIX) 
A Bond issue with a fixed Interest Rate will bear interest at a fixed rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
 
The Interest Rate will be payable annually or semi-annually on the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
Floating Rate (FRN) 
A Bond issue with a floating Interest Rate will bear interest equal to a Reference Rate plus a fixed Margin for a 
specified period (3 or 6 months). Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero. The period lengths 
are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period is determined two Business Days prior 
to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate will be payable quarterly or semi-annually on the the Interest Payment Dates as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Redemption 
The Loan will mature in full at the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the nominal amount.  
 
The Issuer may have the option to prematurely redeem the Loan in full at terms specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
 
The Bondholders may have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds held by that 
Bondholder at terms specified in the applicable Final terms. 
 
Security 
The Bonds may be either secured or unsecured. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Negative pledge 
The Bonds may have negative pledge clause. Details will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 27 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
27
 
13.3 Definitions 
This section includes a summary of the definitions set out in any Bond Terms as well as certain other definitions 
relevant for this Prospectus. If these definitions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the definitions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
Access: 
Means Access Industries Inc. (a New York corporation with registration number 4668539) and 
(i) any entity (including any trust, company or partnership) controlled directly 
or indirectly (more than 50%, voting rights or capital, by common control or Decisive Influence) 
or any entity (including any trust, company or partnership) or (ii) any person controlling it 
directly or indirectly (more than 50%, voting rights or capital, by common control or Decisive 
Influence). 
 
 
Additional Bonds: 
Means Bonds issued under a Tap Issue, including any Temporary Bonds as defined in the 
Bond Terms. 
 
 
AI Media: 
Means AI Media Holdings (NMT) LLC (a limited liability company organized under the laws of 
the State of Delaware, with registration number 4645801) 
 
 
Attachment: 
Means any schedule, appendix or other attachment to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Base Prospectus: 
This document. Describes the Issuer and predefined features of Bonds that can be listed under 
the Base prospectus, as specified in the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. Valid for 12 
months after it has been published. In this period, a prospectus may be constituted by the 
Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms for each new 
issue. 
 
 
Bond Issue/Bonds/ 
Notes/the Loan: 
Means (i) the debt instruments issued by the Issuer pursuant to these Bond Terms, including 
the Initial Temporary Bonds and any Additional Bonds, and (ii) any overdue and unpaid 
principal which has been issued under a separate ISIN in accordance with the regulations of 
the CSD from time to time. 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
The terms and conditions, including all Attachments which shall form 
an integrated part of the Bond Terms, in each case as amended and/or supplemented from 
time to time. 
 
 
Bondholder: 
A person who is registered in the CSD as directly registered owner or nominee holder of a 
Bond, subject however to the Bondholders’ rights in the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Bondholders’ 
decisions: 
The Bondholders’ Meeting represents the supreme authority of the Bondholders community in 
all matters relating to the Bonds and has the power to make all decisions altering the terms and 
conditions of the Bonds, including, but not limited to, any reduction of principal or interest and 
any conversion of the Bonds into other capital classes. 
 
At the Bondholders’ meeting each Bondholder may cast one vote for each voting bond owned 
at close of business on the day prior to the date of the Bondholders’ meeting in the records 
registered in the Securities Depository.  
 
In order to form a quorum, at least half (1/2) of the voting bonds must be represented at the 
Bondholders' meeting. See also the clause for repeated Bondholders’ meeting in the Bond 
Terms.  
 
Resolutions shall be passed by simple majority of the votes at the Bondholders' Meeting, 
however, a majority of at least 2/3 of the voting bonds represented at the Bondholders’ Meeting 
is required for any waiver or amendment of any terms of the Bond Terms. 
 
(For more details, see also the clause for Bondholders’ decisions in the Bond Terms) 
 
 
Bondholders rights: 
Bondholders' rights are specified in the Bond Terms.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the 
Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms.

--- Page 28 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
28
Bond Trustee: 
Nordic Trustee AS, Postboks 1470 Vika, 0116 Oslo, or its successor(s) Website: 
https://nordictrustee.com 
 
The Bond Trustee has power and authority to act on behalf of, and/or represent, the 
Bondholders in all matters, including but not limited to taking any legal or other action, 
including enforcement of the Bond Terms, and the commencement of bankruptcy or other 
insolvency proceedings against the Issuer, or others. 
 
The Bond Trustee shall represent the Bondholders in accordance with the finance documents. 
The Bond Trustee is not obligated to assess or monitor the financial condition of the Issuer or 
any other obligor unless to the extent expressly set out in the Bond Terms, or to take any steps 
to ascertain whether any event of default has occurred. The Bond Trustee is entitled to take 
such steps that it, in its sole discretion, considers necessary or advisable to protect the rights 
of the Bondholders in all matters pursuant to the terms of the finance documents. 
 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap 
Issue and Borrowing 
Amount/First Tranche 
Borrowing Limit is the maximum issue amount for an open Bond issue.  
 
Borrowing Amount/First Tranche is the borrowing amount for a closed Bond Issue, eventually 
the borrowing amount for the first tranche of an open Bond Issue. 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue and Borrowing Amount/First Tranche will be specified in the Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Business Day: 
Means a day on which both the relevant CSD settlement system and the 
relevant currency of the Bonds settlement system are open. 
 
 
Business Day 
Conventon: 
If the last day of any Interest Period originally falls on a day that is not a Business Day, the 
Interest Payment Date will be as follow: 
 
If Fixed Rate, the Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day (Following Business Day convention). 
 
If FRN, the Interest Period will be extended to include the first following Business Day unless 
that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case the Interest Period will be shortened to 
the first preceding Business Day (Modified Following Business Day convention). 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
The Bond Trustee, if not otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
 
Call Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem (all or some of) the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date. 
 
In such case the Call Date(s), the Call Price(s) and the Call Notice Period will be specified in 
the Final Terms. 
 
 
Change of Control 
Event: 
Means any event where: 
(a) any other person or group of persons acting in concert (other than any entity (including any 
company, partnership or trust) under common control (directly or indirectly) with AI Media 
or Access or Rasmussengruppen or any entity (including any company, partnership or 
trust) over which these companies have Decisive Influence) controls 50% or more shares 
or voting rights in the Ultimate Parent; or 
(b) the Ultimate Parent ceases to have Decisive Influence over the Issuer. 
 
 
Currency: 
The currency in which the bond issue is denominated. 
 
Currency will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Day Count Convention: The convention for calculation of payment of interest; 
a) If Fixed Rate, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year comprised of 
twelve months of 30 days each and, in case of an incomplete month, the actual number 
of days elapsed (30/360-days basis), unless: 
(i) the last day in the relevant Interest Period is the 31st calendar day but the first day of 
that Interest Period is a day other than the 30th or the 31st day of a month, in which 
case the month that includes that last day shall not be shortened to a 30–day month; 
or

--- Page 29 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
29
(ii) the last day of the relevant Interest Period is the last calendar day in February, in 
which case February shall not be lengthened to a 30-day month. 
(b) If FRN, the interest shall be calculated on the basis of the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period in respect of which payment is being made divided by 360 (actual/360-
days basis). 
 
 
Decisive Influence: 
Means a person having, as a result of an agreement or through the ownership of shares or 
interests in another person (directly or indirectly): 
(a) a majority of the voting rights in that other person; or 
(b) a right to elect or remove a majority of the members of the board of directors of that other 
person. 
 
 
Default Notice: 
Means a written notice to the Issuer as described in the Bond Terms (Acceleration of the 
Bonds) due to an Event of Default. 
 
 
Denomination – Each 
Bond: 
The nominal amount of each Bond. 
 
Denomination of each bond will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Disbursement Date / 
Issue Date 
Date of bond issue.  
 
On the Issue Date the bonds will be delivered to the Bondholder’s VPS-account against 
payment or to the Bondholder’s custodian bank if the Bondholder does not have his/her own 
VPS-account. 
 
The Issue Date will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Early redemption 
option due to a tax 
event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is entitled to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a tax event. 
 
In such case the terms of the early redemption option will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Event of Default 
Means any of the events or circumstances specified in the Bond Terms (Events of Default). 
 
 
Exchange: 
Means: 
(a) Oslo Børs (the Oslo Stock Exchange); or 
(b) any regulated market as such term is understood in accordance with the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU (MiFID II) and Regulation (EU) No. 600/2014 on 
markets in financial instruments (MiFIR).  
 
 
Final Terms: 
Document describing securities as specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, 
prepared as part of the Prospectus. Final Terms will be prepared for each new security as 
specified in Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, issued by the Issuer. 
 
 
Guarantee: 
Means one or more unconditional and irrevocable Norwegian law guarantee and indemnity 
(Norwegian: “selvskyldnerkausjon”) issued by each Guarantor in respect of the secured 
obligations. 
 
 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
In the case of NIBOR: Second Oslo business day prior to the start of each Interest Period. 
 
Interest Determination Date(s) for other Reference Rates, see Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on the last day of each Interest Period.  
 
Any adjustment will be made according to the Business Day Convention. 
 
The Interest Payment Date(s) will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Period: 
The first Interest Period runs from and including the Issue Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run from and including an Interest 
Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest Payment 
Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
Rate of interest applicable to the Bonds;

--- Page 30 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
30
(i) 
If Fixed Rate, the Bonds shall bear interest at the percentage rate per annum (based 
on the Day Count Convention)  
 
(ii) If FRN, the Bonds shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Reference Rate 
plus a Margin (based on the Day Count Convention). Interest Rate or Reference Rate 
may be deemed to be zero. 
 
The Interest Rate is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Interest Rate 
Adjustment Date: 
Date(s) for adjusting of the interest rate for bond issue with floating interest rate. 
 
The Interest Rate Adjustment Date will coincide with the Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
ISIN: 
International Securities Identification Number for the Bond Issue. ISIN is specified in Final 
Terms. 
 
 
Issuer: 
Ice Group Scadinavia Holdings AS is the Issuer under the Base Prospectus. 
 
 
Issuer’s Bonds: 
Means any Bonds which are owned by the Issuer or any affiliate of the Issuer. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
The price in percentage of the Denomination, to be paid by the Bondholders at the Issue Date. 
 
Issue price will be specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Joint Lead Manager: 
The bond issue’s joint lead manager(s), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
LEI-code: 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI), is a 20-character reference code to uniquely identify legally distinct 
entities that engage in financial transactions. 
 
LEI-code is specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Licenses: 
Means the licenses to operate in the 700 MHz, 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1,800 MHz and 2,100 MHz 
frequency bands assigned by the National Communications Authority (No. 
Nasjonal kommunikasjonsmyndighet) to Ice Communication Norge AS (reg. number 912 672 
808) or any other Group Company. 
 
 
Listing: 
Listing of a bond issue on an Exchange is due to the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to 
the Base Prospectus and a Final Terms. 
 
An application for listing will be sent after the Disbursement Date and as soon as possible after 
the Prospectus has been approved by the Norwegian FSA. 
 
Bonds listed on an Exchange are freely negotiable. See also Market Making. 
 
 
Mandatory early 
redemption due to a 
Total Loss Event: 
The Final Terms may specify that the Issuer is obliged to redeem all (but not only some) of the 
Outstanding Bonds prior to the Maturity Date due to a Total Loss Event. 
 
In such case the terms of the mandatory early redemption will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Market Making: 
For Bonds listed on an Exchange, a market-maker agreement between the Issuer and a 
Bookrunner may be entered into.  
 
This will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Margin: 
The margin, specified in percentage points, to be added to the Reference rate. 
 
Margin will be specified in the Final terms.  
 
 
Maturity Date: 
The date the bond issue is due for payment, if not already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, 
Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax event, Mandatory early redemption due to a 
Total Loss Event or due to a Default Notice . The Maturity Date coincides with the last Interest 
Payment Date and is adjusted in accordance with the Business Day Convention.  
 
The Maturity Date is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Outstanding Bonds: 
Means any Bonds not redeemed or otherwise discharged.

--- Page 31 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
31
 
The Issuer will issue on the Issue date the first tranche of the bond issue as specified in Final 
Terms. During the term of the bond issue, new tranches may be issued up to the Borrowing 
Limit, as specified in Final Terms. 
 
 
Paying Agent: 
The entity designated by the Issuer to manage (maintain the Issuer Account for) the bond 
issue in the Securities Depository. 
 
The Paying Agent is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Principal amount: 
Outstanding amounts under the Loan from time to time. 
 
 
Prospectus: 
The Prospectus consists of the Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus 
and the relevant Final Terms prepared in connection with application for listing on an 
Exchange.  
 
 
Put Option: 
The Final Terms may specify that upon the occurrence of a Put Option Event, each 
Bondholder will have the right to require that the Issuer purchases all or some of the Bonds 
held by that Bondholder. 
 
In such case the exercise procedures, the repayment date and redemption price will be 
specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Put Option Event: 
 Means a Change of Control Event. 
 
 
Rasmussengruppen: 
Means Einar Rasmussen and any member of his immediate family (the "Family") (i) any trust 
created for the benefit of any member of the Family, and (ii) any entity controlled directly or 
indirectly (more than 50% voting rights or capital) by any member of the Family. 
 
 
Redemption: 
The Outstanding Bonds will mature in full on the Maturity Date and shall be redeemed by the 
Issuer on the Maturity Date at a price equal to 100 per cent. of the Nominal Amount, if not 
already redeemed pursuant to Call Option, Put Option, Early redemption option due to a tax 
event, Mandatory early redemption due to a Total Loss Event or due to a Default Notice.  
 
 
Redemption Price: 
The price determined as a percentage of the Denomination to which the bond issue is to be 
redeemed at the Maturity Date.  
 
Redemption Price is 100 per cent of Denomination – Each Bond. 
 
 
Reference Rate:  
For FRN, the Reference Rate shall be NIBOR or any other rate as specified in the Final Terms, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page as at the specified time on the Interest 
Determination Date in question. 
 
The Reference Rate, the Relevant Screen Page, the specified time, information about the past 
and future performance and volatility of the Reference Rate and any fallback provisions will be 
specified in Final Terms.  
 
 
Relevant Screen Page: For FRN, an internet address or an electronic information platform belonging to a renowed 
provider of Reference Rates. 
 
The Relevant Screen Page will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 
Securities Depository 
/CSD: 
The securities depository in which the bonds are registered, in accordance with the Norwegian 
Act of 2019 no. 6 regarding Securities depository. 
 
Unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms, the following Securities Depository will be used: 
Norwegian Central Securities Depository (“Verdipapirsentralen” or ”VPS”), P.O. Box 4, 0051 
Oslo. 
 
 
Tap Issues: 
The Issuer may, provided that the conditions set out in the Bond Terms are met, at one or 
more occasions up until, but excluding, the Maturity Date or any earlier date when the Bonds 
have been redeemed in full, issue Additional Bonds until the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Bonds outstanding equals in aggregate the maximum issue amount (less the aggregate 
nominal amount of any previously redeemed Bonds)

--- Page 32 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
32
If N/A is specified in the Borrowing Limit in the Final Terms, the Issuer may not make Tap 
issues under the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Temporary Bonds: 
If the Bonds are listed on an Exchange and there is a requirement for a new prospectus in 
order for the Additional Bonds to be listed together with the Bonds, the Additional Bonds may 
be issued under a separate ISIN (such Bonds referred to as the “Temporary Bonds”). Upon the 
approval of the prospectus, the Issuer shall (i) notify the Bond Trustee, the Exchange and the 
Paying Agent and (ii) ensure that the Temporary Bonds are converted into the ISIN for the 
Bonds. 
 
 
Total Loss Event: 
Means if any Licence is revoked or cancelled, other than Licences that are not material for the 
operations and business of the Group. 
 
 
Ultimate Parent: 
Means the company designated as such in the preamble to the Bond Terms. 
 
 
Yield: 
Dependent on the Market Price for bond issue with floating rate. Yield for the first interest 
period can be determined when the interest is known, normally two Business Days before the 
Issue Date. 
  
For bond issue with fixed rate, yield is dependent on the market price and number of Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
The yield is calculated in accordance with «Anbefaling til Konvensjoner for det norske 
sertifikat- og obligasjonsmarkedet» prepared by Norske Finansanalytikeres Forening in 
January 2020: 
https://www.finansanalytiker.no/wp-content/uploads/2020/02/Rentekonvensjon-pr-januar-2020-
v2.pdf  
 
Yield is specified in Final Terms. 
 
13.4 General terms and conditions 
These general terms and condtions summarize and describe the general terms and conditions set out in any 
Bond Terms. If these general terms and conditions at any point in time no longer represents the correct 
understanding of the general terms and conditions set out in the Bond Terms, the Bond Terms shall prevail. 
 
13.4.1 Use of proceeds 
(a) The Issuer will use the net proceeds (i.e. net of fees and legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee 
and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Initial Bond Issue) from the Initial Bond Issue 
for refinancing of existing secured bonds. 
(b) The Issuer will use the net proceeds (i.e. net of fees and legal costs of the Managers and the Bond Trustee 
and any other cost and expenses incurred in connection with the Tap Issue) from the issuance of any 
Additional Bonds for general corporate purposes of the Group, unless anything else is explicitly determined in 
relation the respective issuance of Additional Bonds. 
 
Other use of proceeds will be specified in the Final Terms. 
13.4.2 Publication 
The Base Prospectus, any supplement(s) to the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms will be published on 
Issuer’s website https://icegroup.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, Norway, or 
their successor (s). 
 
The Prospectus will be published by a stock exchange announcement. 
 
13.4.3 Redemption 
Matured interest and matured principal will be credited each Bondholder directly from the Securities Registry. 
Claims for interest and principal shall be limited in time pursuant the Norwegian Act relating to the Limitation 
Period Claims of 18 May 1979 no 18, p.t. 3 years for interest rates and 10 years for principal.

--- Page 33 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
33
13.4.4 Fees, Expenses and Tax legislation 
The tax legislation of the investor’s Member State and of the Issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact 
on the income received from the securities. 
 
The Issuer shall pay any stamp duty and other public fees in connection with the loan. Any public fees or taxes on 
sales of Bonds in the secondary market shall be paid by the Bondholders, unless otherwise decided by law or 
regulation. The Issuer is responsible for withholding any withholding tax imposed by Norwegian law. 
 
13.4.5 Security Depository and secondary trading 
The Bonds are electronically registered in book-entry form with the Securities Depository, see also the definition 
of "Securities Depository". Securities Depository is specified in the Final Terms. 
 
Secondary trading will be made over an Exchange for Bonds listed on a marketplace. See also definition of 
“Market Making”. 
 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including templates for Final Terms is NOK 119,000. In addition, there is 
a listing fee for listing of the Bonds in accordance with the current price list of the Exchange. The listing fees will 
be specified in the Final Terms.  
 
13.4.6 Status of the Bonds and Security 
(a) The Bonds will constitute senior debt obligations of the Issuer. The Bonds will rank pari passu between 
themselves and will rank at least pari passu with all other obligations of the Issuer (save for such claims which 
are preferred by bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or other similar laws of general application) and shall rank 
ahead of subordinated debt. 
(b) The Bonds will either be unsecured or secured on a pari passu basis with the other Secured Parties in respect 
of the Transaction Security Documents. The Secured Parties will receive (i) the proceeds from any 
enforcement of the Transaction Security and Guarantees and certain distressed disposals and (ii) any 
payment following any other enforcement event in respect of any Transaction Security (collectively the 
enforcement proceeds), shared among the Secured Parties on a pari passu pro rata basis, in accordance with 
the waterfall provisions of the Intercreditor Agreement, subject to obligations which are mandatorily preferred 
by law. 
 
Please see Bond Terms for definitions. The kind security will be specified in th Final Terms.  
13.4.7 Bond Terms 
The Bond Terms has been entered into between the Issuer and the Bond Trustee. The Bond Terms regulates the 
Bondholders’ rights and obligations in relations with the bond issue. The Bond Trustee enters into the Bond 
Terms on behalf of the Bondholders and is granted authority to act on behalf of the Bondholders to the extent 
provided for in the Bond Terms. 
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by 
the Bond Terms and any other Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or formalities to 
be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, the Issuer or any other party. 
 
The Bond Terms will be attached to the Final Terms for each Bond issue and is also available through the Joint 
Bookrunner(s), Issuer and the Bond Trustee. 
 
13.4.8 Legislation 
The Bond Terms is governed by and construed in accordance with Norwegian law. The Issuer and the Guarantor 
are subject to Norwegian legislation, the most relevant law for the Group's operations is the Private Limited 
Liability Companies Act, the Norwegian Securities Trading Act and the Norwegian Stock Exchange Regulations. 
 
13.4.9 Approvals 
The Bonds will be issued in accordance with the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval. 
 
The date of the Issuer’s Board of Directors approval will be specified in the Final Terms

--- Page 34 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
34
The Base Prospectus has been submitted to the Norwegian Financial Supervisory Authority (Finanstilsynet) 
before listing of the Bonds takes place. 
 
Final Terms will be submitted to Finanstilsynet for information in connection with an application for listing of a 
Bond Issue. 
 
The Base prospectus will not be the basis for offers for subscription in bonds that are not subject to a prospectus 
obligation. 
 
13.4.10 Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of the securities will be specified in the Final Terms. 
 
13.5 Return and redemption 
Bonds may have return and redemption mechanisms as explained below. The relevant Final Terms refer to these 
mechanisms and provide relevant parameter values for the specific bond issue. 
13.5.1 Bonds with floating rate 
13.5.1.a Return (interest) 
The Interest Rate is specified in Interest Rate ii). Payment of the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (b). 
 
Interest Rate or Reference Rate may be deemed to be zero.  
 
The period lengths are equal throughout the term of the Loan, but each Interest Payment Date is adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. The Interest Rate for each forthcoming period are determined two 
Business Days prior to each Interest Payment Date based on the then current value of the Reference Rate plus 
the Margin. 
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The relevant Reference Rate, the Margin, the Interest Payment Dates and the then current Interest Rate will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/360, modified following. 
 
13.5.1.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption. 
 
13.5.2 Bonds with fixed rate 
13.5.2.a Return (interest) 
The interest rate is specified in Interest Rate (i). Payment of the the Interest Rate is calculated on basis of the Day 
Count Convention (a).  
 
The Interest Rate is paid in arrears on each Interest Payment Date. The first Interest Period runs from and 
including the Issue Date to but excluding the first Interest Payment Date. The subsequent Interest Periods run 
from and including an Interest Payment Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date. The last Interest 
Payment Date corresponds to the Maturity Date. 
 
The Interest Rate and the Interest Payment Dates will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
Interest calculation method for secondary trading is given by act/365 for bond issue with fixed rate.  
 
13.5.2.b Redemption 
Redemption is made in accordance with Redemption.

--- Page 35 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
35
13.6 Rating 
The Issuer has not been rated. 
 
The Bonds have not been rated. 
 
 
13.7 Final Terms 
Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating bond issue, see Appendix 3.

--- Page 36 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
36
14 Third party information and statement by experts and 
declarations of any interest 
14.1 Third party information 
Part of the information given in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party. It is hereby confirmed 
that the information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS is 
aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The following table lists such third parties:  
 
Kind of information 
Publicly 
available 
Name of third 
party 
Business 
address 
Qualifications 
Material 
interest in 
the 
Company 
Business overview, 
see 6 
Yes 
Nasjonal 
kommunikasjons-
myndighet 
Nasjonal 
kommunikasjons-
myndighet 
Nygård 1, 
Lillesand, Norge 
Statistics 
None

--- Page 37 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
37
Cross reference list 
Reference in 
Base 
Propectus 
Refers to 
Details 
11.1 Financial 
statements 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS consolidated 
accounting policies, pages 39-45, note 1 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS accounting 
policies, page 75, note P1 
 
Interim Report Q1 2021, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Consolidated 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive 
income page 9 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
page 10  
Consolidated statements of cash flows page 12 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 13-17 
 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Consolidated 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive 
income page 34 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
page 35  
Consolidated statements of cash flows page 36 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 39-68 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Income statement page 71 
Balance sheet page 72 
Statement of cash flows page 73 
Notes to the financial statements pages 75-78 
 
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Consolidated 
Consolidated statements of comprehensive 
income page 10 
Consolidated statements of financial position 
pages 11-12  
Consolidated statements of cash flows page 14 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
pages 15-45 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Income statement page 47 
Balance sheet pages 48-49 
Statement of cash flows page 50 
Notes to the financial statements pages 51-54 
 
11.2 Auditing of 
historical 
annual financial 
information 
Annual Report 2020, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Auditors report pages 82-86 
 
 
 
 
 
Annual Report 2019, available at 
https://icegroup.com/investor/reports-and-
presentations 
Auditors report pages 56-60 
 
References to the above mentioned documents are limited to information given in “Details”, e.g. that the non- 
incorporated parts are either not relevant for the investor or covered elsewhere in the prospectus.

--- Page 38 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
38
Joint Lead Managers' disclaimer 
 
Arctic Securities AS, DNB Bank ASA and Pareto Securities AS, the Joint Lead Managers, have assisted the 
Company in preparing the Base Prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers have not verified the information contained 
herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and the Joint Lead 
Managers expressly disclaim any legal or financial liability as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the issuance or distribution 
of bonds by Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS.  
 
This Base Prospectus is subject to the general business terms of the Joint Lead Managers, available at their 
respective websites. Confidentiality rules and internal rules restricting the exchange of information between different 
parts of the Joint Lead Managers may prevent employees of the Joint Lead Managers who are preparing this Base 
Prospectus from utilizing or being aware of information available to the Joint Lead Managers and/or any of their 
affiliated companies and which may be relevant to the recipient's decisions. 
 
Each person receiving this Base Prospectus acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead 
Managers, nor on any person affiliated with it in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information 
or its investment decision. 
 
Oslo, 20 July 2021 
 
 
Arctic Securities AS 
(www.arctic.com) 
DNB Bank ASA 
(www.dnb.no) 
 
Pareto Securities AS 
(www.paretosec.com)

--- Page 39 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
39
Annex 1 Articles of Association for Ice Group Scandinavia 
Holdings AS and Ice Communication Norge AS

--- Page 40 ---
1 (1) 
VEDTEKTER 
 
FOR 
 
ICE GROUP SCANDINAVIA HOLDINGS AS 
(som sist endret 11. oktober 2019) 
 
 
 
§ 1 
Selskapets foretaksnavn 
 
Selskapets foretaksnavn er ICE Group Scandinavia Holdings AS. 
 
§ 2 
Forretningskontor 
 
Selskapet har sitt forretningskontor i Oslo. 
 
 
§ 3 
Selskapets virksomhet 
 
Selskapets virksomhet skal være operatør av mobiltelefoninett og derved beslektet virksomhet; 
sammen med enhver kommersiell, industriell eller finansiell transaksjon med hensyn til fast 
eiendom eller løsøre som kan være knyttet – direkte eller indirekte – til det nevnte formål eller 
kunne bevirke gjennomføringen av dette formålet, herunder deltakelse i andre selskaper. 
 
§ 4 
Aksjekapital 
 
Aksjekapitalen er NOK 5 100 000 fordelt på 30 aksjer hver pålydende NOK 170 000. 
 
 
§ 5 
Samtykke til aksjeerverv. Forkjøpsrett 
 
Erverv av aksjer er ikke betinget av samtykke fra selskapet. Aksjeeierne har ikke forkjøpsrett 
iht. aksjeloven

--- Page 41 ---
1 (1) 
 
VEDTEKTER 
 
for 
 
ICE COMMUNICATION NORGE AS 
(som sist endret 7. september 2020) 
 
 
1 § 
Selskapets foretaksnavn 
 
 
Selskapets navn er Ice Communication Norge AS. 
 
2 § 
Forretningskontor 
 
 
Selskapet skal ha sitt forretningskontor i Oslo kommune. 
 
3 § 
Selskapets virksomhet 
 
Selskapets virksomhet er telekommunikasjon og derved beslektet virksomhet; sammen 
med enhver kommersiell, industriell eller finansiell transaksjon med hensyn til fast 
eiendom eller løsøre som kan være knyttet – direkte eller indirekte – til det nevnte formål 
eller kunne bevirke gjennomføringen av dette formålet, herunder deltakelse i andre 
selskaper. 
 
4 § 
Aksjekapital 
 
Selskapets aksjekapital er NOK 6 600 000,00 fordelt på 30 000 aksjer, hver pålydende 
NOK 220,00. 
 
Selskapets aksjer skal ikke være registrert i Verdipapirsentralen. 
 
5 § 
Overdragelse av aksjer 
 
Erverv av aksjer i selskapet kan skje uten samtykke fra selskapet, og øvrige aksjeeiere har 
ikke forkjøpsrett ved skifte av eier. 
 
6 § 
Signaturrett 
 
Selskapets firma tegnes av to aksjonærvalgte styremedlemmer i fellesskap.

--- Page 42 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
40
Annex 2 Financial Statements for Ice Communication 
Norge AS

--- Page 43 ---
Årsregnskap 2020
lee
Communication 
Norge AS
Org.nr.:912 672 808

--- Page 44 ---
Årsberetning
Ice Communication Norge AS
Hovedtrekk
Ice Communication Norge AS ble stiftet i 2013 er norges raskest voksende mobilnettoperatør. 
Mobilnettoperatøren opererer under varemerket «ice», og selskapet tilbyr telekommunikasjonstjenester, 
inkludert trådløse datatjenester, tale, meldinger, mobile bredbåndstjenester, telefoni og andre relaterte 
teletjenester. Selskapet har siden oppstart modernisert sitt nettverk og utvidet dekningen i kombinasjon 
med kundevekst.
Selskapet eier nå frekvensene 450 MHz, 700 MHz, 800 MHz, 900 MHz, 1800 MHz og 2100 MHz. Dermed er 
selskapet nå en fullverdig mobilnettopertør som tilbyr data, tale og meldingstjenester. Gjennom 2020 har 
selskapet arbeidet videre med utbygging av nettverk for mobiltelefoner og fortsatt kundevekst.
I mars 2020 nådde utbruddet av Covid-19-viruset Norge.
Ice Communications Norge AS sin første prioritet var å ta vare på ansatte og kunder i den vanskelige 
situasjonen, samtidig som målet var å opprettholde en så normal drift som mulig innenfor de retningslinjer 
som gis fra myndighetene. Ice Communication Norge AS og Ice-konsernet som helhet tok nødvendige grep 
for å innføre tiltak basert på råd fra Folkehelseinstituttet (FHI) og Verdens Helseorganisasjon ("WHO").
Selskapet er avhengig av et betydelig antall operative ansatte, samt at leveranser fra leverandører fungerer 
som normalt for at driften skal kunne opprettholdes. Selskapets ansatte var raske til å omstille seg ny 
tilværelse med hjemmekontor, slik at kritisk personale likevel kunne bruke kontorfasiliteter. Selskapet 
merket negativ innvirkning på virksomheten i form av begrenset forsyning av nettverksutstyr for videre 
utbygging av infrastrukturen i første halvdel av 2020. Etter hvert som forsyningskjeden fikk tilpasset seg til 
å arbeide under smittevernsreglene har innvirkningen hvert minimal. Det er vanskelig å estimere den 
langsiktige effekten av Covid-19 på selskapets økonomiske resultater, men selskapet jobber for å begrense 
de negative konsekvensene.
Selskapets tjenester har hittil vært levert uten avbrudd, og vi tror nå mer enn noen gang på at det er 
samfunnskritisk at vi fortsetter å utvikle et fullstendig tredje telenett og marked i Norge for å sikre at landet 
har en god, stabil og diversifisert telekomselskap med sunne og konkurransedyktige priser for 
befolkningen.
Selskapet er et heleid datterselskap av ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, med Ice Group ASA 
som ultimate morselskap.
Selskapet har forretningslokale i Oslo.
Rettvisende oversikt over utvikling, resultat og finansiell risiko
Omsetningen i 2020 ble 2 179 MNOK og årsresultatet ble -704 MNOK. Tilsvarende tall for2019 var 1 743 
MNOK respektive -780 MNOK. Selskapets inntekter økte som følge av en høyere kundebase enn året før. 
Selskapets roaming inntekter ble negativt påvirket med en estimert reduksjon på 27 MNOK grunnet 
reiserestriksjoner som en følge av Covid-19.
Selskapets driftsresultat før avskrivninger (EBITDA) i 2020 ble 101 MNOK, sammenlignet med -138 MNOK i 
2019. Selskapet har observert en endring i kundeadferd og bruk av datatrafikk under pandemien som leder 
til en økning i NRA data- og taletrafikk. Den negative effekten som følge av denne endringen estimeres til 
44 MNOK. Driftskostnadene inkluderer roamingkostnader som er redusert med omtrent 35 MNOK som en 
følge av internasjonale reiserestriksjoner, som gir en positiv effekt på selskapets driftsresultat.
De samlede ordinære investeringene i varige driftsmidler i 2020 var 669 MNOK, sammenlignet med 375 
MNOK i 2019.

--- Page 45 ---
De samlede investeringene i immaterielle eiendeler i 2020 var 425 MNOK, sammenlignet med 814 MNOK i 
2019,
Årets resultat på kr.-704 MNOK føres mot annen egenkapital og udekket tap.
Totalkapitalen var pr 31.12.2020 på 4 045 MNOK, sammenlignet med 3 442 MNOK i 2019. 
Egenkapitalandelen pr 31.12.2020 var 0,1 %, sammenlignet med 20,6 % i 2019.
Kontantstrøm fra operasjonelle og investeringsaktiviteter er negativ. Dette skyldes planlagte investeringer 
og kundeinntak. Negativ kontantstrøm er finansiert av konsernselskaper.
Selskapets likviditetssituasjon anses tilfredsstillende da morselskapet tilfører likviditet i takt med de 
langsiktige planer som er lagt i forbindelse med investeringer og kundeinntak.
Selskapet har innkjøp i utenlandsk valuta. Hovedsakelig SEK, EUR og USD. Valutaendringer kan påvirke 
fremtidige innkjøpskostnader. Selskapet har noe kortsiktig gjeld til konsernselskap i SEK og USD. 
Valutakursendringer har i regnskapsåret medført netto 0,8 MNOK i valutagevinst.
Styret mener at årsregnskapet gir et rettvisende bilde av selskapets eiendeler og gjeld, finansielle 
stilling og resultat.
Forsknings- og utviklingsaktiviteter
Gjennom året, som de foregående år, har selskapet hatt omfattende utvikling og investering i nettverk.
Fortsatt drift
Forutsetningen om fortsatt drift er langt til grunn for årsregnskapet for 2020 og det bekreftes at 
forutsetningen er tilstede.
Styret har levert negativt årsresultat i 2020, basert på planlagte omfattende investeringer og kundeinntak, 
men har i 2020 levert en positiv EBITDA.. Morselskapet har gitt garanti for at selskapet til enhver tid skal 
ha en forsvarlig egenkapital, enten gjennom ettergivelse av gjeld eller gjennom kapitalinnskudd. 
Morselskapet vil i 2021 tilføre nødvendig kapital for å sikre den fortsatte driften og videre utbyggingsplaner 
av eget mobilnett i Norge.
Ice Communication Norge AS eies, via lee Group ASA, av hovedaksjonær i det amerikanske 
industrikonsernet Access Industries. Access Industries har lang erfaring med investeringer i 
telekommunikasjonsbransjen, og har for tiden flere store langsiktige eierandeler i mediebransjen globalt.
Styret presiserer at det normalt er betydelig usikkerhet knyttet til vurderinger av fremtidige forhold.
Risikofaktorer
Markedet for mobile telekom tjenester er i fortsatt vekst og selskapet har fått en sterk etablering i dette 
markedet. Endringer i konkurrenters produkter og priser kan påvirke selskapets utvikling og det vil alltid 
være en usikkerhet knyttet til fremtidige forventinger, men ledelsen har etablerte planer for fortsatt vekst 
og utvikling.
Selskapet er avhengig av løpende kontantstrøm og finansiering fra morselskap.
Selskapet har gjennom samarbeidspartner tett oppfølging av fordringer for å minimere kredittrisiko.

--- Page 46 ---
Hendelser etter balansedato
Hittil i 2021 har det ikke oppstått vesentlige hendelser av betydning som påvirker regnskapet eller 
selskapets fremtidsutsikter.
I mars 2020 nådde utbruddet av Covid-19-viruset Norge. Situasjonen for selskapet de første månedene i 
2021 er ganske lik som 2020.
Arbeidsmiljø
Arbeidsmiljøet i bedriften er etter vår oppfatning godt. Det totale sykefraværet i bedriften har i 2020 vært 
på 1,8 %. Selskapet anser dette som tilfredsstillende, og det er ikke satt i verk spesielle tiltak på dette 
området. Selskapet har ikke hatt noen skader eller ulykker i 2020.
Ytre miljø
Selskapets virksomhet innebærer påvirker, med nødvendighet, det ytre miljø. Våre basestasjoner eri stor 
grad samlokalisert med andre operatører. Ice Communication Norge AS etterstreber ved etablering av 
egne basestasjoner at miljøet skal skånes i størst mulig grad og plasseringen tilpasses omgivelsene.
Når det gjelder selve produktene, jobbes det kontinuerlig innen bransjen for å bedre miljø-profilen både 
når det gjelder produksjon, emballering, transport og avfallshåndtering. Vi deltar aktivt i dette arbeidet 
gjennom vårt medlemskap i Elretur.
Likestilling og diskriminering
Del 1: Den faktiske tilstanden for kjønnslikestilling i selskapet
Antall faste ansatte fordelt på kvinner og menn
31.12.2019 
31.12.2020
Kvinner
60
89
Menn
146
162
Antall kvinnelige ansatte fordelt på medarbeider og ledernivåer
Totalt
Medarbeider Manager 1
Manager 2
Toppledergruppe
Styret
2019
60
40 
3
13
2
2
2020
89
65 
4
16
2
2
Gjennomsnittlig lønnsnivå for kvinner og menn, fordelt på medarbeidernivå og ulike ledernivå. Tall i tusen
Medarbeider 
Manager 1
Manager 2
Toppledergruppe
2019
Menn
675
925
803
1 635
Kvinner
676
804
761
1 289
2020
Menn
703
1 037
843
1 681
Kvinner
695
967
818
1 315

--- Page 47 ---
Antall ansatte i deltidsstillinger
Kvinner
Menn
31.12.2019
0
0
31.12.2020
2
0
Antall midlertidig ansatte
Kvinner
Menn
31.12.2019
0
0
31.12.2020
1
1
Gjennomsnitt antall uker foreldrepermisjon for kvinner og menn
2019
2020
Kvinner
8,1
33,4
Menn
9,8
9,9
Del 2: Hvordan selskapet i praksis arbeider med å oppfylle aktivitetsplikten.
Ice jobber hele tiden for å sikre likestilling og ikke-diskriminering i praksis. Dette er forankret i 
personalpolitikken til selskapet og går som en rød tråd gjennom hele medarbeiderreisen til våre ansatte og 
starter med våre rekrutteringsprosesser. Vi er for eksempel bevisst på at bildebruk og ordvalg i en 
stillingsannonse har konsekvenser for hvem som søker jobb hos oss.
Ice har et sterkt fokus på kultur og prioritering av den menneskelige dimensjonen på arbeidsplassen. Et 
eksempel er gjennom å tilby høy grad av fleksibilitet med tanke på hvor og når man kan utføre 
arbeidsoppgavene sine, er vi med på å tilrettelegge for at det går an å kombinere jobb og familieliv for 
ansatte av begge kjønn.
For å sikre en sunn kjønnsbalanse har selskapet fokusert på å øke antall kvinner i sentrale posisjoner, 
spesielt innen teknologirolier. For tiden har selskapet kvinnelige ledere i roller som IT-direktør, leder for 
PMO, leder for IT Billing, leder for 24/7 Service Operation Center, DNA-direktør og juridisk direktør.
I 2021 ble det opprettet eget kvinnenettverk i ice.
I tillegg til å bli anerkjent for det den enkelte ansatt bidrar med på arbeidsplassen, jobber selskapet aktivt 
for at alle skal bli anerkjent for å være nøyaktig den de er og for å fremme likebehandling av alle ansatte. 
Ice er svært opptatt av, og har nedfelt i sin Code of Conduct samt i sin Complance manual at hos oss skal 
alle behandles likeverdige og med samme respekt, uavhengig av kjønn, rase, farge, alder, seksuell legning, 
religion. Ice forventer at våre medarbeidere kjenner og etterlever de etiske retningslinjene og alle ansatte 
signerer på at de har lest og forstått disse.
Det er 15 ulike nasjonaliteter i selskapet som alle bidrar til kulturen og DNA-et selskapet streber etter å 
fremme. Selv om norsk er det offisielle arbeidsspråket i selskapet forsøker selskapet hele tiden å legge til 
rette for de som snakker andre språk. Mange av presentasjoner som brukes i møter lages på engelsk slik at 
alle kolleger kan forstå innholdet.
Ice respekterer at ansatte har ulik religiøs tro og har blant annet rom som også fungerer som bønnerom. I 
den årlige vernerunden hvor verneombud, bedriftshelsetjeneste og ledelsen deltar, gjøres en vurdering om 
kontorlokalene er fysisk godt nok tilrettelagt for ansatte og besøkende med nedsatt funksjonsevne.
I 2020 har selskapet oppfordret alle ansatte til å evaluere Ice sin posisjon når det gjelder kultur, inkludering 
og mangfold gjennom Equality Check.

--- Page 48 ---
I selskapets årlige medarbeiderundersøkelse utført av Great Place To Work stilles det også spørsmål om 
likestilling og mangfold. Tilbakemeldingene og innsikten selskapet får gjennom disse undersøkelsene 
brukes aktivt til både å forsterke eller forbedre dagens kultur og måten selskapet prioriterer på. De siste 
årene har lee vært på Topp 10 listen over Norges beste arbeidsplasser, kåret av Great Place To Work.

--- Page 49 ---
Resultatregnskap
Ice Communication Norge AS
Driftsinntekter
Note
2020
2019
Salgsinntekt
10
2 144 231 890
1 732 234 821
Annen driftsinntekt
10
34 337 469
11 049 669
Sum driftsinntekter
2 178 569 359
1 743 284 490
Driftskostnader
Varekostnad
3
1 299 149 246
1 116 806 024
Lønnskostnad
11
219 957 222
196 937 754
Årets avskrivning og nedskrivning
1
661 606 856
542 657 974
Annen driftskostnad
11
557 935 553
567 598 529
Sum driftskostnader
2 738 648 877
2 424 000 281
Driftsresultat
-560 079 518
-680 715 791
Finansinntekter og finanskostnader
Finansinntekt
12
10 902 668
8 599 188
Finanskostnad
12
154 564 613
107 434 176
Resultat av finansposter
-143 661 945
-98 834 988
Ordinært resultat før skattekostnad
-703 741 462
-779 550 779
Skattekostnad på ordinært resultat
9
0
0
Ordinært resultat
-703 741 462
-779 550 779
Årsresultat
8 
-703 741 462
-779 550 779
Overføringer
Overført til udekket tap
2 361 526
0
Overført fra annen egenkapital
701 379 937
779 550 779
Sum overføringer
-703 741 462
-779 550 779

--- Page 50 ---
Balanse
Ice Communication Norge AS
Eiendeler
Note
31.12.2020
31.12.2019
Anleggsmidler
Immaterielle eiendeler
Akkvisisjonskostnader og kunderelasjoner
1
503 826 108
502 240 802
Lisenser o.l.
1
783 090 743
835 983 151
IT-system
1
307 205 700
268 436 247
Sum immaterielle eiendeler
1 594 122 552
1 606 660 201
Varige driftsmidler
Basestasjoner
1
1 750 148 333
1 302 988 209
Driftsløsøre, inventar o.a. utstyr
1
4 372 139
5 617 143
Sum varige driftsmidler
1 754 520 472
1 308 605 352
Finansielle anleggsmidler
Investeringer i tilknyttet selskap
2
119 300
119 300
Andre langsiktige fordringer
4
18 344 196
18 324 683
Sum finansielle anleggsmidler
18 463 496
18 443 983
Sum anleggsmidler
3 367 106 520
2 933 709 535
Omløpsmidler
Varelager
3
3 627 343
6 270 136
Fordringer
Kundefordringer
4, 5
115 979 052
104 948 269
Andre kortsiktige fordringer
4,5
83 394 849
91 893 172
Sum fordringer
199 373 902
196 841 441
Bankinnskudd, kontanter o.l.
6
475 391414
305 318 550
Sum omløpsmidler
678 392 659
508 430 128
Sum eiendeler
4 045 499 179
3 442 139 663

--- Page 51 ---
Balanse
Ice Communication Norge AS
Eivind Helgaker 
Styremedlem/Daglig leder
^/( Gorv Cwv 
0\
Marianne Gamre 
styremedlem
Egenkapital og gjeld
Note
31.12.2020
31.12.2019
Aksjekapital
Aksjekapital
7,8
6 600 000
6 600 000
Sum aksjekapital
8
6 600 000
6 600 000
Annen egenkapital
Annen egenkapital
8
0
701 379 937
Udekket tap
8
-2 361 526
0
Sum annen egenkapital
-2 361 526
701 379 937
Sum egenkapital
Gjeld
4 238 474
707 979 937
Annen langsiktig gjeld
Langsiktig gjeld
303 458 400
303 458 400
Konserngjeld
4,5
2 981 660 808
1 660 093 494
Sum annen langsiktig gjeld
3 285 119 208
1 963 551 894
Kortsiktig gjeld
Leverandørgjeld
5
245 850 302
153 063 150
Skyldig offentlige avgifter
21 809 378
15 842 670
Annen kortsiktig gjeld
5
488 481816
601702 013
Sum kortsiktig gjeld
756 141496
770 607 833
Sum gjeld
4 041 260 705
2 734 159 727
Sum egenkapital og gjeld
4 045 499 179
3 442 139 663
Shiraz Naveed Abid 
styremedlem
/%
Merete Medle 
styremedlem

--- Page 52 ---
Indirekte kontantstrøm
Ice Communication Norge AS
Note
2020
2019
Kontantstrømmer fra operasjonelle aktiviteter
Resultat før skattekostnad
-703 741 462
-779 550 779
Tap/gevinst ved salg av anleggsmidler
10
-1 288 603
0
Ordinære avskrivninger
10
661 606 856
542 657 974
Endring i varelager
2 642 793
2 439 558
Endring i kundefordringer
-11030 783
-41 449 003
Endring i leverandørgjeld
92 787 152
-65 819 177
Endring i andre fordringer
8 478 811
-20 396 568
Endring i annen gjeld
-107 253 489
37 573 330
Netto kontantstrøm fra operasjonelle aktiviteter
-57 798 726
-324 544 665
Kontantstrømmer fra investeringsaktiviteter
Utbetalinger ved kjøp av varige driftsmidler
-669 015 642
-374 876 121
Utbetalinger ved kjøp av andre immaterielle eiendek
-424 680 085
-813 756 683
Tilført ved fusjon
0
13 297 128
Netto kontantstrøm fra investeringsaktiviteter
■1 093 695 727
■1 175 335 676
Kontantstrømmer fra finansieringsaktiviteter
Innbetalinger ved opptak av ny langsiktig gjeld
5
1 321 567 316
490 865 534
Innbetalinger av egenkapital
8
0
1 200 000 000
Netto kontantstrøm fra finansieringsaktiviteter
1321 567 316
1 690 865 534
Netto endring i kontanter og kontantekvivalenter
170 072 863
190 985 193
Beh. av kont. og kontantekvivalenter ved per. begynr
305 318 550
114 333 357
Beh. av kont. og kontantekvivalenter ved per. slutt
475 391 414
305 318 550
lee Communication Norge AS
Side 10

--- Page 53 ---
Regnskapsprinsipper
Årsregnskapet er satt opp i samsvar med regnskapslovens bestemmelser og god regnskapsskikk. ICE 
Communications Norge AS er et heleid datterselskap av ICE Group Scandinavia Holdings AS.
Bruk av estimater
I utarbeidelse av årsregnskapet har man brukt estimater og forutsetninger som har påvirket 
resultatregnskapet og verdsettelsen av eiendeler og gjeld, samt usikre eiendeler og forpliktelser på 
balansedagen i henhold til god regnskapsskikk. Områder som i stor grad inneholder slike skjønnsmessige 
vurderinger, høy grad av kompleksitet, eller områder hvor forutsetninger og estimater er vesentlige for 
årsregnskapet, er beskrevet i notene.
Estimatendringer skiller seg fra feil i tidligere årsregnskap og prinsippendringer ved at de revurderes som 
en naturlig del av den finansielle rapporteringen. Korrigering av feil i tidligere årsregnskap samt endring av 
regnskapsprinsipp må ikke forveksles med endring av regnskapsestimat. Ved endring av 
regnskapsestimatene skal virkningen resultatføres i den perioden estimatet endres. Virkningen av 
estimatendring skal vises på samme resultatlinje som estimatendringen knytter seg til, eventuelt på egen 
linje dersom virkningen kvalifiserer som særlig post.
Valuta
Transaksjoner i utenlandsk valuta omregnes til kursen på transaksjonstidspunktet. Pengeposter i 
utenlandsk valuta omregnes til norske kroner ved å benytte balansedagens kurs. Ikke-pengeposter som 
måles til historisk kurs uttrykt i utenlandsk valuta, omregnes til norske kroner ved å benytte valutakursen 
på transaksjonstidspunktet. Ikke-pengeposter som måles til virkelig verdi uttrykt i utenlandsk valuta, 
omregnes til valutakursen fastsatt på måletidspunktet. Valutakursendringer resultatføres løpende i 
regnskapsperioden under andre finansposter.
Inntekter
Inntektsføring ved salg av varer skjer på leveringstidspunktet. Tjenester inntektsføres etter hvert som de 
leveres.
Skatt
Skattekostnaden i resultatregnskapet omfatter både periodens betalbare skatt og endring i utsatt skatt. 
Utsatt skatt er beregnet med 22% på grunnlag av de midlertidige forskjeller som eksisterer mellom 
regnskapsmessige og skattemessige verdier, samt ligningsmessig underskudd til fremføring ved utgangen 
av regnskapsåret. Skatteøkende og skattereduserende midlertidige forskjeller som reverserer eller kan 
reverseres i samme periode er utlignet og nettoført. Netto utsatt skattefordel balanseføres i den grad det 
er sannsynlig at denne kan bli utnyttet.
Klassifisering av balanseposter
Eiendeler bestemt til varig eie eller bruk klassifiseres som anleggsmidler. Eiendeler som er tilknyttet 
varekretsløpet klassifiseres som omløpsmidler. Fordringer for øvrig klassifiseres som omløpsmidler hvis de 
skal tilbakebetales innen ett år. For gjeld legges analoge kriterier til grunn. Første års avdrag på langsiktige 
fordringer og langsiktig gjeld klassifiseres likevel ikke som omløpsmiddel og kortsiktig gjeld.
Anskaffelseskost
Anskaffelseskost for eiendeler omfatter kjøpesummen, med fradrag for bonuser, rabatter og lignende, og 
med tillegg for kjøpsutgifter (frakt, toll, offentlige avgifter som ikke refunderes og andre direkte 
kjøpsutgifter). Ved kjøp i utenlandsk valuta balanseføres eiendelen til kursen på transaksjonstidspunktet. 
For varige driftsmidler og immaterielle eiendeler omfatter anskaffelseskost også direkte utgifter for å 
klargjøre eiendelen for bruk, for eksempel utgifter til testing av eiendelen.
Renter knyttet til tilvirkning av anleggsmidler kostnadsføres.

--- Page 54 ---
Immaterielle eiendeler
Utgifter til egne utviklingsaktiviteter kostnadsføres løpende. Utgifter til andre immaterielle eiendeler 
balanseføres i den grad det kan identifiseres en fremtidig økonomisk fordel knyttet til utvikling av en 
identifiserbar immateriell eiendel og utgiftene kan måles pålitelig. I motsatt fall kostnadsføres slike utgifter 
løpende. Balanseført utvikling avskrives lineært over økonomisk levetid.
Akvisisjonskostander (kostnader lee pådrar seg løpende for å sikre nye abonnements-kunder) aktiveres og 
avskrives over enten forventet levetid på kundeforholdet eller type abonnement.
Varige driftsmidler
Varige driftsmidler balanseføres og avskrives lineært til restverdi over driftsmidlenes forventede utnyttbare 
levetid. Ved endring i avskrivningsplan fordeles virkningen over gjenværende avskrivningstid 
("knekkpunktmetoden"). Vedlikehold av driftsmidler kostnadsføres løpende som driftskostnader. 
Påkostninger og forbedringer tillegges driftsmidlets kostpris og avskrives i takt med driftsmidlet. Skillet 
mellom vedlikehold og påkostning/forbedring regnes i forhold til driftsmidlets stand på 
anskaffelsestidspunktet. Leide (leasede) driftsmidler balanseføres som driftsmidler hvis leiekontrakten 
anses som finansiell.
Datterselskap og tilknyttet selskap
Datterselskap og tilknyttede selskaper vurderes etter kostmetoden i selskapsregnskapet. Investeringen er 
vurdert til anskaffelseskost for aksjene med mindre nedskrivning har vært nødvendig. Det er foretatt 
nedskrivning til virkelig verdi når verdifall skyldes årsaker som ikke kan forventes å være forbigående og det 
må anses nødvendig etter god regnskapsskikk. Nedskrivninger er reversert når grunnlaget for nedskrivning 
ikke lenger er til stede.
Utbytte, konsernbidrag og andre utdelinger fra datterselskap er inntektsført samme år som det er avsatt i 
givers regnskap. Overstiger utbytte / konsernbidraget andelen av opptjent resultat etter 
anskaffelsestidspunktet, representerer den overskytende del tilbakebetaling av investert kapital, og 
utdelingene er fratrukket investeringens verdi i balansen til morselskapet.
Varer
Varer er vurdert til det laveste av anskaffelseskost og netto salgsverdi. Netto salgsverdi er estimert 
salgspris ved ordinær drift etter fradrag for beregnede nødvendige utgifter for gjennomføring av salget. 
Anskaffelseskost inkluderer utgifter påløpt ved anskaffelse av varene og kostnader for å bringe varene til 
nåværende plassering og tilordnes ved bruk av FIFO - prinsippet.
Fordringer
Kundefordringer og andre fordringer oppføres til pålydende etter fradrag for avsetning til forventet tap. 
Avsetning til tap gjøres på grunnlag av en individuell vurdering av de enkelte fordringene. For øvrige 
kundefordringer utføres en uspesifisert avsetning for å dekke forventet tap på krav.
Kontantstrømoppstilling
Kontantstrømoppstillingen er utarbeidet etter den indirekte metoden. Kontanter og kontantekvivalenter 
omfatter kontanter, bankinnskudd og andre kortsiktige, likvide plasseringer.

--- Page 55 ---
Note 1 Immaterielle eiendeler og varige driftsmidler
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.2020
Tilgang
Avgang
Aktiverte 
akkvisisjons kost.
1 066 664 824
297 090 611
-607 030 152
Kunde - 
relasjoner
387 666 963
6 930 813
-1 974 841
Negativ
goodwill
-121 079 937
0
121 079 937
Sum
1 333 251 850
304 021424
-487 925 056
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2020
756 725 283
392 622 935
0
1149 348 218
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 1.1.2020
Avgang akkumulerte av-/nedskrivninger 
Årets av-/nedskrivinger
-696 390 245
607 030 152
-262 298 548
-258 209 838
1 974 841
-37 628 472
121079 937
-121 079 937
-833 520 146
487 925 056
-299 927 020
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 31.12.2020
-351 658 641
-293 863 469
0
-645 522 110
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2020
405 066 642
98 759 466
0
503 826 108
Forventet økonomisk levetid 
Avskrivningsplan
1,5-3 år 
Lineær
20 år 
Degressiv
5 år 
Degressiv
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.2020
Tilgang
Avgang
Lisenser
1 054 747 841
1356 627
0
IT-systemer
385 292 898
128 866 166
-15 011 644
Sum
1 440 040 738
130 222 793
-15 011 644
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2020
1 056 104 468
499 147 420 1 555 251 888
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 1.1.2020
Avgang akkumulerte av-/nedskrivninger 
Årets av-/nedskrivinger
-218 543 307
-54 470 418
-124 133 069
15 011 644
-82 820 295
-342 676 376
15 011 644
-137 290 713
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 31.12.2020
-273 013 725
-191 941 720
-464 955 445
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2020
783 090 743
307 205 700 1 090 296 443
Forventet økonomisk levetid 
20 år 
5 -10 år
Avskrivningsplan 
Lineær 
Lineær
Selskapet er avhengig av å fornye frekvenslisensene for å kunne levere produkter og tjenester. 
Frekvenslisens 
Utløpsår
2100 MHz 
2032
800, 900 og 1800 MHz 
2033
450 og 700 MHz 
2039
Immaterielle eiendeler pr 31.12 består av: 
e kjøpt kundeportefølje av Komplett og Heilo 
• egenutviklet it-systemer
© negativ goodwill knytter seg til innmatkjøpet av NetWork Norway 
© aktiverte akkvisisjonskostnader (kostnader brukt til å anskaffe abonnements-kunder)
© samt lisenser vunnet ved auksjon i regi av post- og teletilsynet.
Avskrivningsplan
© Avskrivning av kjøpte kunderelasjoner og negativ goodwill er basert på forventet kontantstrøm 
(degressiv avskrivning). Negativ goodwill er ferdig inntektsført og tatt ut av noten i 2020 .
© Akkvisisjonskostnader avskrives over forventet levetid på kundeforholdet og type abonnement. 
© Frekvenser blir avskrevet over lisensperioden.

--- Page 56 ---
Fortsettelse Note 1 Immaterielle eiendeler og varige driftsmidler
Base -
stasjoner Driftsløsøre
Sum
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.2020 
1 896 538 293 
19 406 355 
1 915 944 648
Tilgang
Avgang
674 442 136
-2 569 287
503 358
-12 429 237
674 945 494
-14 998 524
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2020
2 568 411 142
7 480 476
2 575 891618
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 1.1.2020
Avgang akkumulerte av-/nedskrivninger
Årets av-/nedskrivninger
-596 633 446
1 280 684
-222 910 047
-14 058 498
12 429 237
-1 479 076
-610 691 944
13 709 921
-224 389 123
Akk. av-/nedskrivninger 31.12.2020
-818 262 809
-3 108 337
-821 371146
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2020
1 750 148 333
4 372 139
1754 520 472
Forventet økonomisk levetid
Avskrivningsplan
25 år/10 år 
Lineær
5 år
Lineær
Avskrivningsplan basestasjoner
Basestasjoner består av flere komponenter, men regnes som ett driftsmiddel. Eksempelvis: Radiosender, 
antenner, strømforsyning, betong ol. Komponentene har forskjellig forventet levetid og avskrives i henhold 
til det.
Selskapet aktiverer kostnader til utvikling av ny teknologi til bruk i nye basestasjoner. Aktiveres som 
basestasjoner.
Årlig leie av ikke balanseførte driftsmidler 
Driftsmiddel
Leie plass basestasjoner 
Kontorlokaler
Leieperiode (år) 
Årlig leie
1-10 år 
134 700 867
7,5 
14 366 417
Leie basestasjoner består av flere hundre leiekontrakter med forskjellig varighet. De fleste har varighet 
5-10 år med opsjon på forlengelse og en del kontrakter er løpende uten fastsatt sluttdato.
Note 2 Tilknyttet selskap
Eierandel Bokført verdi
14,29% 
14 300
50% 
105 000
Tilknyttet selskapet
Nasjonal Referansedatabase AS 
Smartkom AS
Forretnings­
kontor
Oslo, Norge 
Oslo, Norge
Balanseført verdi 31.12.2020
119 300

--- Page 57 ---
Note 3 Varer og varekost
2020 
2019
Innkjøpte ferdigvarer3 627 343 
6 270 136
Sum 
3 627 343 
6 270 136
Varelager består av mobile bredbånsdsroutere med tilhørende utstyr, samt sim-kort til mobiltelefoner.
Selskapets varekost består av kostnader til formidling av telesignaler (telefon og data) og kostnader til kjøp 
av handsett med tilbehør. Eksempelvis nasjonal- og internasjonal roaming, leie av plass til basesatsjoner, 
transmisjon og frekvensleie.
2020
Nasjonal roaming 
441 355 361
Andre kostnader formidling telesignaler 669 587 085 
Håndsett med tilbehør188 206 800
Sum varekostnad 
1 299 149 246
2019
440 467 219 
634 303 739 
42 035 066
1 116 806 024
Note 4 Fordringer og gjeld
Kundefordringer
Kundefordringer til pålydende
Avsetning til tap på kundefordringer
2020
126 229 472
-10 250 420
2019
115 682 269
-10 734 000
Kundefordringer i balansen
115 979 052
104 948 269
Fordringer med forfall senere enn ett år
2020
2019
Andre langsiktige fordring til konsernselskap
0
0
Forskuddsbetalt leie basestasjoner
11013 680
11013 680
Sum
11013 680
11 013 680
Sum
0
0

--- Page 58 ---
Note 5 Mellomværende med selskap i samme konsern m,v.
Kortsiktige fordringer
Foretak i samme konsern 
2020
Andre fordringer 
0
Kundefordringer3 762 128
Sum 
3 762 128
Langsiktige fordringer 
2019 
2020 
2019
5 041727 
0 
0
10 955 11800 
15 996 845 
0 
0
Foretak i samme konsern 
Annen gjeld 
Leverandørgjeld
Sum
Kortsiktig gjeld 
2020 
2019
67 604 188 
58 177 831
2 616 5491666 687
70 220 737 
59 844 518
Langsiktig gjeld
2020 
2019
2 981 660 808 
1 660 093 494
00 
2 981 660 808 
1 660 093 494
Kortsiktig gjeld/fordring i konsernet, som oppstår ved løpende handelstransaksjoner, renteberegnes ikke. 
Langsiktig gjeld er finansiering fra konsernselskap. Finansieringen er gitt ved flere anledninger. Det 
beregnes renter med rentesats 6-10%. Renter tillegges hovedstol ved slutten av hvert år. Det er ikke avtalt 
tidspunkt for tilbakebetaling.
Note 6 Bundne bankinnskudd, trekkrettigheter
Bundne bankinnskudd 
2020 
2019
Skattetrekkskonto 
12 095 780 
8 316 923
Note 7 Aksjekapital og aksjonærinformasjon
ICE Groups Scandinavia Holdings AS har forretningskontor i Oslo, Nydalsveien 18 B, hvor en kan få 
utlevert konsernregnskap der selskapet inngår.
Aksjekapitalen på kr. 6 600 000 består av 30 000 aksjer å kr. 220.
Oversikt over de største aksjonærene 
Antall Eierandel
ICE Group Scandinavia Holdings AS30 000100 %
Sum 
30 000 
100 %
Note 8 Egenkapital
Annen
Sum
Aksjekapital
egenkapital
Udekket tap
egenkapital
Egenkapital 01.01.2020
6 600 000
701 379 937
707 979 937
Årets resultat
0
-701 379 937
-2 361 526
-703 741 462
Egenkapital 31.12.2020
6 600 000
0
-2 361526
4 238 474

--- Page 59 ---
Note 9 Skatt
Beregning av utsatt skatt/utsatt skattefordel:
Midlertidig forskjeller:
Varige driftsmidler
Varebeholdning
Fordringer
Andre forskjeller
2020
535 460 660
-3 599 460
-10 039 251
-2 000 000
2019
437 346 902
-4 688 170
-11 028 844
-2 447 000
Endring
-98 113 758
-1 088 710
-989 593
-447 000
Netto midlertidig forskjeller
Akkumulert fremførbart underskudd
Avskåret rentefradrag
519 821 949
-3 956 101 542
-306 842 172
419 182 888
-3 151 808 132
-306 842 172
-100 639 061
804 293 410
0
Grunnlag for beregning av utsatt skatt
-3 743 121 766
-3 039 467 417
703 654 349
Utsatt skattefordel (22 %)
Herav ikke balanseført utsatt skattefordel
-823 486 788
823 486 788
668 682 832
-668 682 832
1 492 169 620
-1 492 169 620
Utsatt skatt i balansen
0
0
0
Grunnlag for skattekostnad, endring i utsatt skatt og betalbar skatt
Skattepliktig inntekt:
Resultat før skattekostnad
Permanente forskjeller
2020
-703 741 462
87 113
2019
-779 550 779
-1 765 343
Grunnlag årets skattekostnad
-703 654 349
-781 316 123
Endring i midlertidige forskjeller
Endring i underskudd til fremføring
-100 639 061
804 293 410
-161 142 595
942 458 718
Skattepliktig inntekt
-703 654 349
-781 316 122

--- Page 60 ---
Note 10 Driftsinntekter
Driftsinntekter fordelt på virksomhetsområde
Salg av telefonitjenester
Salg av varer
Andre driftsinntekter
1 957 179 399
187 052 491
34 337 469
1 695 720 801
36 514 021
11 049 669
Sum
2 178 569 359
1 743 284 490
Geografisk fordeling
Norge
2 178 569 359
1 743 284 490
Sum
2 178 569 359
1 743 284 490
Note 11 Lønnskostnader, antall ansatte, godtgjørelser, lån til ansatte mm.
Lønnskostnader
2020
2019
Lønninger
183 294 379
163 638 780
Arbeidsgiveravgift
28 606 965
26 754 686
Pensjonskostnader
8 055 878
6 544 288
Sum
219 957 222
196 937 754
Sysselsatte årsverk
234
186
Selskapet har obligatorisk tjenestepensjon for sine ansatte ihht. lov om obligatorisk tjenestepensjon.
Ytelser til ledende personer
Ytelser til ledende personer 
Daglig leder
Lønn/styrehonorar 
4 675 000
Annen godtgjørelse 
149 000
Det er ikke gitt lån/sikkerhetsstillelse til daglig leder, styrets leder eller andre nærstående parter.
Kostnadsført godtgjørelse til revisor
2020
2019
Lovpålagt revisjon
1 793 500
905 000
Andre attestasjonstjenester
0
72 500
Skatterådgivning
93 800
117 274
Annen bistand
83 400
1 722 314
Sum
1 970 700
2 817 088

--- Page 61 ---
Note 12 Finansinntekter og finanskostnader
Finansinntekter 
2020
Renteinntekt 
1 
213 690
Valutagevinst (agio) 
9 
688 978
Annen finansinntekt0
Sum finansinntekter 
10 
902 668
Finanskostnader 
2020
Rentekostnader fra foretak i samme konsern 
144 
787 685
Annen rentekostnad 
899 819
Valutatap (disagio) 
8 
874 464
Annen finanskostnad2 644
Sum finanskostnader 
154 
564 613
Note 13 Transaksjoner med nærstående
Ytelser til ledende ansatte er omtalt i note 11, og mellomværende med konsernselskaper er 
omtalt i note 5.
Selskapets transaksjoner med nærstående parter:
a) Salg av varer og tjenester
Salg av varer
- Tilknyttede selskaper 
Salg av tjenester
- Morselskap
- Søsterselskap (administrative tjenester)
b) Kjøp av varer og tjenester
Kjøp av varer
- Tilknyttede selskaper 
Kjøp av tjenester
- Morselskap
- Søsterselskap (adm tjenester og subsidier/kommisjoner)
2019 
2 633 651
5 963 832
1705 
8 599 188
2019
99 600 364 
350 935
6 785 947 
696 930
107 434 176
2020
0
0
14 945 756 
1 265 745
0
0
18 496 082

--- Page 62 ---
Note 14 Fortsatt drift, hendelser etter balansedagen og Covid 19
Forutsetningen om fortsatt drift er langt til grunn for årsregnskapet for 2020 og det bekreftes at 
forutsetningen er tilstede.  Morselskapet har gitt garanti for at selskapet til enhver tid skal ha en forsvarlig 
egenkapital, enten gjennom ettergivelse av gjeld eller gjennom kapitalinnskudd. Morselskapet vil i 2021 
tilføre nødvendig kapital for å sikre den fortsatte driften og videre utbyggingsplaner av eget mobilnett i 
Norge.
Selskapet har med virkning fra 01.01.2021 fått vesentlig reduserte NRA-kostnader etter ny roamingavtale 
med Telia. Kostnadsreduksjonen utgjør over 20 milloner NOK pr måned. Dette vil ha tilsvarende positiv 
effekt på driftsresultet. 
Hittil i 2021 har det ikke oppstått  vesentlige andre hendelser av betydning som påvirker regnskapet eller 
selskapets fremtidsutsikter.
Covid-19-viruset har i mindre grad enn fryktet påvirket selskapets ansatte, varelevaranser og selskapets 
inntekter. Etter hvert som alle fikk tilpasset seg til å arbeide under smittevernsreglene har innvirkningen 
vært minimal. Det er vanskelig å estimere den langsiktige effekten av Covid-19 på selskapets økonomiske 
resultater, men telekomsektoren ser ikke ut til å være påvirket i vesentlig grad.
Situasjonen for selskapet de første månedene i 2021 er ganske lik som 2020.

--- Page 63 ---
_EA.
pwc
Til generalforsamlingen i Ice Communication Norge AS
Uavhengig revisors beretning
Uttalelse om revisjonen av arsregnskapet
Konklusjon
Vi har revidert Ice Communication Norge AS' arsregnskap som bestar av balanse per 31. desember
2020, resultatregnskap og kontantstromoppstilling for regnskapsaret avsluttet per denne datoen og
noter til arsregnskapet, herunder et sammendrag av viktige regnskapsprinsipper.
Etter var mening er det medfolgende arsregnskapet avgitt i samsvar med lov og forskrifter og gir et
rettvisende bilde av selskapets finansielle stilling per 31. desember 2020, 0g av <lets resultater og
kontantstrommer for regnskapsaret avsluttet per denne datoen i samsvar med regnskapslovens regler
og god regnskapsskikk i Norge.
Grunnlagfor konklusjonen
Vi har gjennomfort revisjonen i samsvar med lov, forskrift og god revisjonsskikk i Norge, herunder de
internasjonale revisjonsstandardene International Standards on Auditing (ISA-ene). Vare oppgaver og
plikter i henhold til disse standardene er beskrevet i Revisors oppgaver og plikter ved revisjon av
arsregnskapet. Vi er uavhengige av selskapet slik det kreves i lov og forskrift, og har overholdt vare
ovrige etiske forpliktelser i samsvar med disse kravene. Etter var oppfatning er innhentet
revisjonsbevis tilstrekkelig og hensiktsmessig som grunnlag for var konklusjon.
Ovrig informasjon
Ledelsen er ansvarlig for ovrig informasjon. Ovrig informasjon omfatter informasjon i arsrapporten
bortsett fra arsregnskapet og den tilhorende revisjonsberetningen.
Var uttalelse om revisjonen av arsregnskapet dekker ikke ovrig informasjon, og vi attesterer ikke den
ovrige informasjonen.
I forbindelse med revisjonen av arsregnskapet er det var oppgave a lese ovrig informasjon med det
formal a vurdere hvorvidt det foreligger vesentlig inkonsistens mellom ovrig informasjon og
arsregnskapet, kunnskap vi har opparbeidet oss under revisjonen, eller hvorvidt den tilsynelatende
inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon.
Dersom vi konkluderer med at den ovrige informasjonen inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon er vi
palagt a rapportere det. Vi har ingenting a rapportere i sa henseende.
Styrets og daglig leders ansvarfor arsregnskapet
Styret og daglig leder (ledelsen) er ansvarlig for a utarbeide arsregnskapet i samsvar med lov og
forskrifter, herunder for at det gir et rettvisende bilde i samsvar med regnskapslovens regler og god
regnskapsskikk i Norge. Ledelsen er ogsa ansvarlig for slik internkontroll som den finner nodvendig
for a kunne utarbeide et arsregnskap som ikke inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon, verken som folge
av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil.
•···················································································································································································································································
PricewaterhouseCoopersAS, Dronning Eufemias gate 71, Postboks 748 Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo
T: 02316, 0rg. n0.: 987009 713 MVA, www.pwc.no
Statsautoriserte revisorer, medlemmer av Den norske Revisorforening og autorisert regnskapsforerselskap

--- Page 64 ---
Uavhengig revisors beretning - Ice Communication Norge AS
_A.
pwc
Veduta
rbeidelsen av
arsregnskapetmaledel
sen
tas
tandpunkt til selskanpets
evneti
l
fortsatt driftog
opplyse om forhold av betydning for fortsatt drift. Forutsetningen om fortsatt drift skal legges til grunn
for arsregnskapet sa lenge det ikke er sannsynlig at virksomheten vil bli avviklet.
Revisors oppgaver og plikter ved revisjonen av arsregnskapet
Vart mal med revisjonen er a oppna betryggende sikkerhet for at arsregnskapet som helhet ikke
inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon, verken som folge av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil, og a avgi en
revisjonsberetning som inneholder var konklusjon. Betryggende sikkerhet er en hoy grad av sikkerhet,
men ingen garanti for at en revisjon utfort i samsvar med lov, forskrift og god revisjonsskikk i Norge,
herunder ISA-ene, alltid vil avdekke vesentlig feilinformasjon som eksisterer. Feilinformasjon kan
oppsta som folge av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil. Feilinformasjon blir vurdert som vesentlig dersom
den enkeltvis eller samlet med rimelighet kan forventes a pavirke okonomiske beslutninger som
brukerne foretar basert pa arsregnskapet.
For videre beskrivelse av revisors oppgaver og plikter vises det til:
https: //revisorforeningen.no/revisionsberetninger
Uttalelse om andre lovmessige krav
Konklusjon om arsberetningen
Basert pa var revisjon av arsregnskapet som beskrevet ovenfor, mener vi at opplysningene i
arsberetningen om arsregnskapet, forutsetningen om fortsatt drift og forslaget til resultatdisponering
er konsistente med arsregnskapet og i samsvar med lov og forskrifter.
Konklusjon om registrering og dokumentasjon
Basert pa var revisjon av arsregnskapet som beskrevet ovenfor, og kontrollhandlinger vi har funnet
nodvendig i henhold til internasjonal standard for attestasjonsoppdrag (ISAE) 3000
«Attestasjonsoppdrag som ikke er revisjon eller forenklet revisorkontroll av historisk finansiell
informasjon», mener vi at ledelsen har oppfylt sin plikt til a sorge for ordentlig og oversiktlig
registrering og dokumentasjon av selskapets regnskapsopplysninger i samsvar med lov og god
bokforingsskikk i Norge.
Oslo, 1o. mai 2021
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS
0ystein Sandvik
Statsautorisert revisor
(elektronisk signert)
(2)

--- Page 65 ---
Revisjonsberetning
Signers:
Name
Sandvik, 0ystein Blaka
This document package contains:
- Closing page (thispage)
-The originaldocument(s)
-The electronic signatures. These are not visible in the
document, but are electronically integrated.
Method
BANKID_MOBILE
@
C Securely signed with Brevio
Date
2021-05-11 20.03
This fie is sealed with a digital signature
The seal is a guarantee for the authenticity
)f
e lone
t

--- Page 67 ---
Årsregnskap 2019
Ice 
Communication 
Norge AS
Org.nr.:912 672 808

--- Page 68 ---
Resultatregnskap
Ice Communication Norge AS
Note
2019
2018
Driftsinntekter
Salgsinntekt
11
1 721 490 947
1 179 928 722
Annen driftsinntekt
11
21 793 543
47 291 203
Sum driftsinntekter
1 743 284 490
1 227 219 925
Driftskostnader
Varekostnad
1 116 806 024
915 850 361
Lønnskostnad
12
196 937 754
11 233 629
Årets avskrivning og nedskrivning
1, 2
542 657 974
166 683 500
Annen driftskostnad
12
567 598 529
676 963 978
Sum driftskostnader
2 424 000 281
1 770 731 468
Driftsresultat
-680 715 791
-543 511 543
Finansinntekter og finanskostnader
Annen finansinntekt
13
8 599 188
19 449 752
Annen finanskostnad
13
107 434 176
108 380 705
Resultat av finansposter
-98 834 988
-88 930 953
Ordinært resultat før skattekostnad
-779 550 779
-632 442 497
Skattekostnad på ordinært resultat
10
0
0
Ordinært resultat
-779 550 779
-632 442 497
Årsresultat
9
-779 550 779
-632 442 497
Overføringer
Overført fra annen egenkapital
779 550 779
632 442 497
Sum overføringer
-779 550 779
-632 442 497

--- Page 69 ---
Balanse
Ice Communication Norge AS
Eiendeler
Note
31.12.2019
31.12.2018
Anleggsmidler
Immaterielle eiendeler
Akkvisisjonskostnader
1
502 240 802
339 083 517
Negativ goodwill
1
0
-4 032 000
Lisenser o.l.
1
835 983 151
534 404 281
IT-system
1
268 436 247
225 345 425
Sum immaterielle eiendeler
1 606 660 201
1 094 801 223
Varige driftsmidler
Maskiner og anlegg
2
1 302 988 208
1 034 048 621
Driftsløsøre, inventar o.a. utstyr
2
5 617 143
2 095 852
Sum varige driftsmidler
1 308 605 352
1 036 144 473
Finansielle anleggsmidler
Lån til foretak i samme konsern
5, 6, 14
0
166 000 000
Investeringer i tilknyttet selskap
3
119 300
119 300
Andre langsiktige fordringer
5
18 324 683
695 800
Sum finansielle anleggsmidler
18 443 983
166 815 100
Sum anleggsmidler
2 933 709 535
2 297 760 796
Omløpsmidler
Varelager
4
6 270 136
0
Fordringer
Kundefordringer
5, 6
104 948 269
52 008 895
Andre kortsiktige fordringer
5, 6
91 893 172
71 496 904
Sum fordringer
196 841 441
123 505 799
Bankinnskudd, kontanter o.l.
7
305 318 550
114 333 357
Sum omløpsmidler
508 430 128
237 839 156
Sum eiendeler
3 442 139 663
2 535 599 952

--- Page 70 ---
Balanse
Ice Communication Norge AS
Egenkapital og gjeld
Note
31.12.2019
31.12.2018
Innskutt egenkapital
Aksjekapital
8, 9
6 600 000
5 400 000
Sum innskutt egenkapital
9
6 600 000
5 400 000
Opptjent egenkapital
Annen egenkapital
9
701 379 936
202 990 857
Sum opptjent egenkapital
701 379 936
202 990 857
Sum egenkapital
707 979 936
208 390 857
Gjeld
Annen langsiktig gjeld
Øvrig langsiktig gjeld
5, 6
1 963 551 894
1 660 093 494
Sum annen langsiktig gjeld
1 963 551 894
1 660 093 494
Kortsiktig gjeld
Leverandørgjeld
6
153 063 150
197 436 477
Skyldig offentlige avgifter
15 842 670
504 006
Annen kortsiktig gjeld
6
601 702 013
469 175 120
Sum kortsiktig gjeld
770 607 833
667 115 602
Sum gjeld
2 734 159 727
2 327 209 096
Sum egenkapital og gjeld
3 442 139 663
2 535 599 952
Oslo, 29.04.2020
Eivind Helgaker
Styremedlem/Daglig leder
Henning Karslud
styreleder
Anders Koch
styremedlem
Martin Westersø
styremedlem

--- Page 71 ---
Kontantstrøm
Ice Communication Norge AS
2019
2018
Kontantstrømmer fra operasjonelle aktiviteter
Resultat før skattekostnad
-779 550 779
-632 442 497
Årets av/-nedskrivninger
542 657 974
166 683 501
Endring i varelager
2 439 558
707 214
Endring i kundefordringer
-41 449 003
-3 518 387
Endring i leverandørgjeld
-65 819 177
37 686 711
Endring i andre tidsavgrensingsposter
17 176 762
15 571 659
Netto kontantstrøm fra operasjonelle aktiviteter
-324 544 665
-415 311 798
Kontantstrøm fra investeringsaktiviteter
Utbetalinger  ved kjøp av varige driftsmidler
-374 876 121
-328 433 850
Utbetaling ved kjøp av immaterielle eiendeler
-813 756 683
-256 867 023
Netto kontantstrøm fra investeringsaktiviteter
-1 188 632 804
-585 300 873
Kontantstrømmer fra finansieringsaktiviteter
Innbetalinger gjeld konsernselskaper
0
263 226 576
Innbetalinger ved opptak av annen gjeld (korts./langs.)
490 865 534
0
Innbetalinger av egenkapital
1 200 000 000
750 000 000
Netto kontantstrømmer fra finansieringsaktiviteter
1 690 865 534
1 013 226 576
Netto kontantstrøm for perioden
177 688 065
12 613 905
Effekt av valutakursendringer på kontanter og kontantekvivalenter
0
0
Kontanter og kontantekvivalenter ved periodens begynnelse
114 333 357
101 719 451
Tilført ved fusjon
13 297 128
0
Kontanter og kontantekvivalenter ved periodens slutt
305 318 550
114 333 357
Denne består av:
Bankinnskudd m.v.
305 318 550
114 333 357
Ubenyttet driftskreditt utgjør i tillegg
0
0

--- Page 72 ---
Regnskapsprinsipper
Årsregnskapet er satt opp i samsvar med regnskapslovens bestemmelser og god regnskapsskikk. ICE 
Communications Norge AS er et heleid datterselskap av ICE Group Scandinavia Holdings AS.
Selskapet fusjonerte med søsterselskapet Ice Norge AS (org nr 991 715 290) med virkning fra 1.1.2019. Ice 
Communications Norge AS var det overtagende selskap. Fusjonen ble gjennomført etter regler om 
forenklet fusjon mellom søsterselskap, både Ice Norge AS og Ice Communications Norge AS var heleide 
datterselskap av Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS før fusjon. Fusjonen er gjennomørt med skattemsessig 
og regnskapsmessig kontinuitet. Gjennomføringen av fusjonen ble kunngjort i Brønnøysund 29.10.2019.
Formålet med fusjonen er å forbedre effektivitet og kvalitet, samt å forenkle selskapsstrukturen i 
konsernet. Fjorårstall er ikke omarbeidet. Fusjonen er tatt hensyn til i kontantstrømoppstillingen.
Bruk av estimater
I utarbeidelse av årsregnskapet har man brukt estimater og forutsetninger som har påvirket 
resultatregnskapet og verdsettelsen av eiendeler og gjeld, samt usikre eiendeler og forpliktelser på 
balansedagen i henhold til god regnskapsskikk. Områder som i stor grad inneholder slike skjønnsmessige 
vurderinger, høy grad av kompleksitet, eller områder hvor forutsetninger og estimater er vesentlige for 
årsregnskapet, er beskrevet i notene.
Estimatendring
Estimatendringer skiller seg fra feil i tidligere årsregnskap og prinsippendringer ved at de revurderes som 
en naturlig del av den finansielle rapporteringen. Korrigering av feil i tidligere årsregnskap samt endring av 
regnskapsprinsipp må ikke forveksles med endring av regnskapsestimat. Ved endring av 
regnskapsestimatene skal virkningen resultatføres i den perioden estimatet endres. Virkningen av 
estimatendring skal vises på samme resultatlinje som estimadendringen knytter seg til, eventuelt på egen 
linje dersom virkningen kvalifiserer som særlig post. 
Valuta
Transaksjoner i utenlandsk valuta omregnes til kursen på transaksjonstidspunktet. Pengeposter i 
utenlandsk valuta omregnes til norske kroner ved å benytte balansedagens kurs. Ikke-pengeposter som 
måles til historisk kurs uttrykt i utenlandsk valuta, omregnes til norske kroner ved å benytte valutakursen 
på transaksjonstidspunktet. Ikke-pengeposter som måles til virkelig verdi uttrykt i utenlandsk valuta, 
omregnes til valutakursen fastsatt på måletidspunktet. Valutakursendringer resultatføres løpende i 
regnskapsperioden under andre finansposter.
Inntekter
Inntektsføring ved salg av varer skjer på leveringstidspunktet. Tjenester inntektsføres etter hvert som de 
leveres. Inntekter fra salg av tjenester og langsiktige tilvirkingsprosjekter (anleggskontrakter) resultatføres i 
takt med prosjektets fullføringsgrad, når utfallet av transaksjonen kan estimeres på en pålitelig måte.  Når 
transaksjonens utfall ikke kan estimeres pålitelig, vil kun inntekter tilsvarende påløpte prosjektkostnader 
inntektsføres. I den perioden det blir identifisert at et prosjekt vil gi et negativt resultat, vil det estimerte 
tapet på kontrakten bli resultatført i sin helhet.
Skatt
Skattekostnaden i resultatregnskapet omfatter både periodens betalbare skatt og endring i utsatt skatt. 
Utsatt skatt er beregnet med 22% på grunnlag av de midlertidige forskjeller som eksisterer mellom 
regnskapsmessige og skattemessige verdier, samt ligningsmessig underskudd til fremføring ved utgangen 
av regnskapsåret.  Skatteøkende og skattereduserende midlertidige forskjeller som reverserer eller kan 
reverseres i samme periode er utlignet og nettoført. Netto utsatt skattefordel balanseføres i den grad det 
er sannsynlig at denne kan bli utnyttet.

--- Page 73 ---
Klassifisering av balanseposter
Eiendeler bestemt til varig eie eller bruk klassifiseres som anleggsmidler. Eiendeler som er tilknyttet 
varekretsløpet klassifiseres som omløpsmidler. Fordringer for øvrig klassifiseres som omløpsmidler hvis de 
skal tilbakebetales innen ett år. For gjeld legges analoge kriterier til grunn. Første års avdrag på langsiktige 
fordringer og langsiktig gjeld klassifiseres likevel ikke som omløpsmiddel og kortsiktig gjeld.
Anskaffelseskost 
Anskaffelseskost for eiendeler omfatter kjøpesummen, med fradrag for bonuser, rabatter og lignende, og 
med tillegg for kjøpsutgifter (frakt, toll, offentlige avgifter som ikke refunderes og andre direkte 
kjøpsutgifter). Ved kjøp i utenlandsk valuta balanseføres eiendelen til kursen på transaksjonstidspunktet. 
For varige driftsmidler og immaterielle eiendeler omfatter anskaffelseskost også direkte utgifter for å 
klargjøre eiendelen for bruk, for eksempel utgifter til testing av eiendelen. 
Renter knyttet til tilvirkning av anleggsmidler kostnadsføres.
Immaterielle eiendeler
Utgifter til egne utviklingsaktiviteter kostnadsføres løpende. Utgifter til andre immaterielle eiendeler 
balanseføres i den grad det kan identifiseres en fremtidig økonomisk fordel knyttet til utvikling av en 
identifiserbar immateriell eiendel og utgiftene kan måles pålitelig. I motsatt fall kostnadsføres slike utgifter 
løpende. Balanseført utvikling avskrives lineært over økonomisk levetid.
Varige driftsmidler
Varige driftsmidler balanseføres og avskrives lineært til restverdi over driftsmidlenes forventede utnyttbare 
levetid. Ved endring i avskrivningsplan fordeles virkningen over gjenværende avskrivningstid 
("knekkpunktmetoden").  Vedlikehold av driftsmidler kostnadsføres løpende som driftskostnader. 
Påkostninger og forbedringer tillegges driftsmidlets kostpris og avskrives i takt med driftsmidlet. Skillet 
mellom vedlikehold og påkostning/forbedring regnes i forhold til driftsmidlets stand på 
anskaffelsestidspunktet. Leide (leasede) driftsmidler balanseføres som driftsmidler hvis leiekontrakten 
anses som finansiell.
Datterselskap og tilknyttet selskap
Datterselskap og tilknyttede selskaper vurderes etter kostmetoden i selskapsregnskapet. Investeringen er 
vurdert til anskaffelseskost for aksjene med mindre nedskrivning har vært nødvendig. Det er foretatt 
nedskrivning til virkelig verdi når verdifall skyldes årsaker som ikke kan forventes å være forbigående og det 
må anses nødvendig etter god regnskapsskikk. Nedskrivninger er reversert når grunnlaget for nedskrivning 
ikke lenger er til stede.
Utbytte, konsernbidrag og andre utdelinger fra datterselskap er inntektsført samme år som det er avsatt i 
givers regnskap. Overstiger utbytte / konsernbidraget andelen av opptjent resultat etter 
anskaffelsestidspunktet, representerer den overskytende del tilbakebetaling av investert kapital, og 
utdelingene er fratrukket investeringens verdi i balansen til morselskapet.
Varer
Varer er vurdert til det laveste av anskaffelseskost og netto salgsverdi. Netto salgsverdi er estimert 
salgspris ved ordinær drift etter fradrag for beregnede nødvendige utgifter for gjennomføring av salget. 
Anskaffelseskost inkluderer utgifter påløpt ved anskaffelse av varene og kostnader for å bringe varene til 
nåværende plassering og tilordnes ved bruk av FIFO - prinsippet.
Fordringer
Kundefordringer og andre fordringer oppføres til pålydende etter fradrag for avsetning til forventet tap. 
Avsetning til tap gjøres på grunnlag av en individuell vurdering av de enkelte fordringene. For øvrige 
kundefordringer utføres en uspesifisert avsetning for å dekke forventet tap på krav.
Kontantstrømoppstilling
Kontantstrømoppstillingen er utarbeidet etter den indirekte metoden. Kontanter og kontantekvivalenter 
omfatter kontanter, bankinnskudd og andre kortsiktige, likvide plasseringer.

--- Page 74 ---
Note 1 Immaterielle eiendeler
Aktiverte 
akkvisisjons 
kost.
Kunde -
relasjoner
Negativ 
goodwill
Sum 
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19
689 607 751
286 022 952
-121 079 937
854 550 766
Fusjon med Ice Norge AS
107 436 773
0
0
107 436 773
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19 etter fusjon
797 044 524
286 022 952
-121 079 937
961 987 539
Tilgang 
269 620 300
101 644 011
0
371 264 311
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2019
1 066 664 824
387 666 963
-121 079 937
1 333 251 850
Akkumulerte av-/nedskrivninger
700 811 960
251 279 025
-121 079 937
831 011 048
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2019
365 852 864
136 387 938
0
502 240 802
Årets av-/nedskrivinger
204 914 057
53 476 563
-4 032 000
254 358 620
Forventet økonomisk levetid
3 år
20 år
5 år
Avskrivningsplan
Lineær
Degressiv
Degressiv
Lisenser
IT-systemer
Sum 
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19
712 571 841
275 569 427
988 141 267
Fusjon med Ice Norge AS
0
9 407 099
9 407 099
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19 etter fusjon
712 571 841
284 976 526
997 548 366
Tilgang 
342 176 000
100 316 372
442 492 372
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2019
1 054 747 841
385 292 898
1 440 040 739
Akkumulerte av-/nedskrivninger
218 764 690
116 856 651
335 621 341
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2019
835 983 151
 268 436 247
1 104 419 398
Årets av-/nedskrivinger
40 597 130
53 560 495
94 157 625
Forventet økonomisk levetid
20 år
5 - 10 år
Avskrivningsplan
Lineær
Lineær
Immaterielle Eiendeler
Immaterielle eiendeler pr 31.12 består av ervervet kunderelasjoner i forbindelse med ervervet 
kunderelasjoner av Komplett, innmatkjøp av Network Norway, ervervet kunderelasjoner fra Hello, 
ervervede kunderelasjoner i forbindelse med fusjon med Ice Norge AS,  egenutviklet it-systemer, aktiverte 
akkvisisjonskostnader, samt lisens vunnet ved auksjon i regi av Nasjonal Kommunikasjonsmyndighet. 
Negativ goodwill knytter seg til innmatkjøpet av Network Norway og inntektsføres over 5 år. Aktiverte 
akkvisisjonskostnader avskrives over 3 år. Avskrivning av kunderelasjoner og negativ goodwill gjøres etter 
forventede kontantstrømmer (degressiv avskrivning). Frekvens blir avskrevet over lisensperioden.

--- Page 75 ---
Note 2 Varige driftsmidler
Base -
stasjoner
Driftsløsøre
Sum 
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19
1 390 627 833
8 021 648
1 398 649 481
Fusjon med Ice Norge AS
131 231 318
11 187 728
142 419 046
Anskaffelseskost 1.1.19 etter fusjon
1 521 859 151
19 209 376
1 541 068 527
Tilgang 
374 679 142
196 979
374 876 121
Anskaffelseskost 31.12.2019
1 896 538 293
19 406 355
1 915 944 648
Akkumulerte avskrivninger 
593 550 085
13 789 211
607 339 296
Bokført verdi per 31.12.2019
1 302 988 208
5 617 144
1 308 605 351
Årets avskrivinger
191 666 587
2 475 142
194 141 729
Forventet økonomisk levetid
25 år/10 år
5 år
Avskrivningsplan
Lineær
Lineær
Selskapet aktiverer kostnader til utvikling av ny teknologi til bruk i nye basestasjoner, se note 1 for 
ytterligere informasjon.
Note 3 Tilknyttet selskap 
   
Tilknyttet selskapet
Forretnings- 
kontor
Eierandel
Bokført verdi
Nasjonal Referansedatabase AS
Oslo, Norge
14,29%
14 300
Smartkom AS
Oslo, Norge
50%
105 000
Balanseført verdi 31.12.2019
119 300

--- Page 76 ---
Note 4 Varer
2019
2018
Innkjøpte ferdigvarer
6 270 136
0
Sum 
6 270 136
0
Note 5 Fordringer og gjeld
Kundefordringer
2019
2018
Kundefordringer til pålydende
115 682 269
57 958 895
Avsetning til tap på kundefordringer
-10 734 000
-5 950 000
Kundefordringer i balansen
104 948 269
52 008 895
Fordringer med forfall senere enn ett år
2019
2018
Andre langsiktige fordring til konsernselskap
0
166 000 000
Forskuddsbetalt leie basestasjoner
18 324 683
695 800
Sum
18 324 683
166 695 800
Langsiktig gjeld med forfall senere enn 5 år
2019
2018
Gjeld til konsernselskap
1 660 093 494
1 660 093 494
Annen langsiktig gjeld Nkom
303 458 400
0
Sum
1 963 551 894
1 660 093 494
Note 6 Mellomværende med selskap i samme konsern m.v.
Kortsiktige fordringer
Langsiktige fordringer
2019
2018
2019
2018
Foretak i samme konsern
15 997 708
23 475 100
0
166 000 000
Sum
15 997 708
23 475 100
0
166 000 000
Kortsiktig gjeld
Langsiktig gjeld
2019
2018
2019
2018
Foretak i samme konsern
306 717 639
308 589 022
1 660 093 494
1 660 093 494
Sum 
306 717 639
308 589 022
1 660 093 494
1 660 093 494
 
Note 7 Bundne bankinnskudd, trekkrettigheter
Bundne bankinnskudd
2019
2018
Skattetrekkskonto
8 316 923
270 358

--- Page 77 ---
Note 8 Aksjekapital og aksjonærinformasjon
ICE Groups Scandinavia Holdings AS har forretningskontor i Oslo, Nydalsveien 18 B, hvor en kan få 
utlevert konsernregnskap der selskapet inngår.
Aksjekapitalen på kr. 6 600 000 består av 30 000 aksjer á kr. 220. 
Oversikt over de største aksjonærene
Antall
Eierandel
ICE Group Scandinavia Holdings AS
30 000
100 %
Sum
30 000
100 %
Øvrige (eierandel < 1%)
0
0%
Totalt
30 000
100 %
Note 9 Egenkapital
Aksjekapital
Annen 
egenkapital
Sum
egenkapital
Egenkapital 01.01.2019
5 400 000
 202 990 857
208 390 857
Fusjon Ice Norge AS
0
79 139 859
79 139 859
Egenkapital 01.01.2019 etter fusjon
5 400 000
282 130 716
287 530 716
Årets resultat
0
-779 550 779
-779 550 779
Kapitalforhøyelse
1 200 000
1 198 800 000
1 200 000 000
Egenkapital 31.12.2019
6 600 000
701 379 936
707 979 936

--- Page 78 ---
Note 10 Skatt
Beregning av utsatt skatt/utsatt skattefordel:
Midlertidig forskjeller: 
2019
2018
Endring
Varige driftsmidler
437 346 903
230 836 701
-206 510 202
Varebeholdning
-4 688 170
0
4 688 170
Fordringer
-11 028 844
-6 073 713
4 955 131
Andre forskjeller
-2 447 000
-810 000
1 637 000
Netto midlertidig forskjeller
419 182 889
223 952 988
-195 229 901
Akkumulert fremførbart underskudd
-2 951 808 132
-1 948 632 087
1 003 176 045
Avskåret rentefradrag
-306 842 172
-286 665 947
20 176 225
Fusjon
0
-246 806 246
-246 806 246
Grunnlag for beregning av utsatt skatt
-2 839 467 414
-2 258 151 292
581 316 122
Utsatt skattefordel (22 %) 
-624 682 831
-496 793 284
127 889 547
Herav ikke balanseført utsatt skattefordel
624 682 831
496 793 284
-127 889 547
Utsatt skatt i balansen
0
0
0
Grunnlag for skattekostnad, endring i utsatt skatt og betalbar skatt
Skattepliktig inntekt: 
2019
2018
Resultat før skattekostnad
-779 550 779
-632 442 497
Permanente forskjeller
-1 765 343
0
Endring i midlertidige forskjeller
-161 142 595
-157 446 530
Avskåret rentefradrag
0
89 062 016
Endring i underskudd til fremføring
942 458 718
700 827 011
Skattepliktig inntekt
0
0
Betalbar skatt:
2019
2018
Betalbar skatt på årets resultat
0
0
Betalbar skatt i balansen
0
0
Årets skattekostnad: 
2019
2018
Betalbar skatt på årets resultat
0
0
Årets skattekostnad
0
0

--- Page 79 ---
Note 11 Driftsinntekter
2019
2018
Salgsinntekter
1 721 490 947
1 179 928 722
Andre driftsinntekter
21 793 543
47 291 203
Sum
1 743 284 490
1 227 219 925
Fordeling på virksomhetsområde
Salg av telefonitjenester
1 721 490 947
1 179 928 722
Andre driftsinntekter
21 793 543
47 291 203
Sum
1 743 284 490
1 227 219 925
Geografisk fordeling
Norge
1 743 284 490
1 227 219 925
Sum
1 743 284 490
1 227 219 925
Note 12 Lønnskostnader, antall ansatte, godtgjørelser, lån til ansatte mm.
Lønnskostnader
2019
2018
Lønninger
163 638 780
9 748 404
Arbeidsgiveravgift
26 754 686
1 182 831
Pensjonskostnader
6 544 288
302 395
Sum
196 937 754
11 233 629
Sysselsatte årsverk
186
9
 Selskapet har obligatorisk tjenestepensjon for sine ansatte ihht. lov om obligatorisk tjenestepensjon.
Ytelser til ledende personer
 
Ytelser til ledende personer
Daglig leder
Lønn/styrehonorar
5 030 000
Annen godtgjørelse
322 000
 Det er ikke gitt lån/sikkerhetsstillelse til daglig leder, styrets leder eller andre nærstående parter. 
Kostnadsført godtgjørelse til revisor 
2019
2018
Lovpålagt revisjon 
905 000
1 205 820
Andre attestasjonstjenester
72 500
0
Skatterådgivning (inkl. teknisk bistand med ligningspapirer)
117 274
97 900
Annen bistand (inkl teknisk bistand med årsregnskap og noter)
1 722 314
129 400
Sum
2 817 088
1 433 120

--- Page 80 ---
Note 13 Finansinntekter og finanskostnader
Finansinntekter
2019
2018
Renteinntekt fra foretak i samme konsern
0
10 098 336
Annen renteinntekt
2 633 651
856 378
Valutagevinst (agio)
5 963 832
8 475 112
Annen finansinntekt
1 705
19 926
Sum finansinntekter
8 599 188
19 449 752
Finanskostnader
2019
2018
Rentekostnader fra foretak i samme konsern
99 600 364
99 600 360
Annen rentekostnad
350 935
416 370
Valutatap (disagio)
6 785 947
8 363 975
Annen finanskostnad
696 930
0
Sum finanskostnader
107 434 176
108 380 705
Note 14 Transaksjoner med nærstående
Ytelser til ledende ansatte er omtalt i note 12, og mellomværende med konsernselskaper er omtalt i note 
6.
Selskapets transaksjoner med nærstående parter:
2019
a) Salg av varer og tjenester
Salg av varer
 - Tilknyttede selskaper
0
Salg av tjenester
 - Morselskap
0
 - Søsterselskap (administrative tjenester)
845 967
b) Kjøp av varer og tjenester
Kjøp av varer
 - Tilknyttede selskaper
0
Kjøp av tjenester
 - Morselskap
0
 - Søsterselskap (administrative tjenester)
3 093 803

--- Page 81 ---
Note 15 Hendelser etter balansedagen
I mars 2020 nådde utbruddet av Covid-19-viruset Norge. 
Ice Communications Norge AS sin første prioritet er å ta vare på ansatte og kunder i den vanskelige 
situasjonen, samtidig som målet er å opprettholde en så normal drift som mulig innenfor de retningslinjer 
som gis fra myndighetene. Utviklingen av pandemien har vært rask og uforutsigbar. Ice Communication 
Norge AS og Ice-konsernet som helhet har tatt nødvendige grep for å innføre tiltak basert på råd fra 
Folkehelseinstituttet (FHI) og Verdens Helseorganisasjon ("WHO"). 
Selskapet er avhengig av et betydelig antall operative ansatte, samt at leveranser fra leverandører fungerer 
som normalt for at driften skal kunne opprettholdes. Selskapets ansatte var raske til å omstille seg ny 
tilværelse med hjemmekontor, slik at kritisk personale likevel kunne bruke kontorfasiliteter. Det er 
vanskelig å estimere den langsiktige effekten av Covid-19 på selskapets økonomiske resultater, men 
selskapet jobber med alternative scenarioer for å begrense de negative konsekvensene. 
Selskapets tjenester har hittil vært levert uten vesentlige avbrudd, og vi tror nå mer enn noen gang på at 
det er samfunnskritisk at vi fortsetter å utvikle et fullstendig tredje telenett og marked i Norge for å sikre 
at landet har en god, stabil og diversifisert telekomselskap med sunne og konkurransedyktige priser for 
befolkningen. 
Forutsetningen om fortsatt drift er langt til grunn for årsregnskapet for 2019 og det bekreftes at 
forutsetningen er tilstede.  Morselskapet har gitt garanti for at selskapet til enhver tid skal ha en forsvarlig 
egenkapital, enten gjennom ettergivelse av gjeld eller gjennom kapitalinnskudd.

--- Page 82 ---
_A.
pwc
Til generalforsamlingen i Ice Communication Norge AS
Uavhengig revisors beretning
Uttalelse om revisjonen av arsregnskapet
Konklusjon
Vi har revidert Ice Communication Norge AS' arsregnskap som bestar av balanse per 31. desember
2019, resultatregnskap og kontantstrom for regnskapsaret avsluttet per denne datoen og noter til
arsregnskapet, herunder et sammendrag av viktige regnskapsprinsipper.
Etter var mening er det medfolgende arsregnskapet avgitt i samsvar med lov og forskrifter og gir et
rettvisende bilde av selskapets finansielle stilling per 31. desember 2019, 0g av <lets resultater og
kontantstrommer for regnskapsaret avsluttet per denne datoen i samsvar med regnskapslovens regler
og god regnskapsskikk i Norge.
Grunnlagfor konklusjonen
Vi har gjennomfort revisjonen i samsvar med lov, forskrift og god revisjonsskikk i Norge, herunder de
internasjonale revisjonsstandardene International Standards on Auditing (ISA-ene). Vare oppgaver og
plikter i henhold til disse standardene er beskrevet i Revisors oppgaver og plikter ved revisjon av
arsregnskapet. Vi er uavhengige av selskapet slik det kreves i lov og forskrift, og har overholdt vare
ovrige etiske forpliktelser i samsvar med disse kravene. Etter var oppfatning er innhentet
revisjonsbevis tilstrekkelig og hensiktsmessig som grunnlag for var konklusjon.
Ovrig informasjon
Ledelsen er ansvarlig for ovrig informasjon. 0vrig informasjon omfatter informasjon i arsrapporten
bortsett fra arsregnskapet og den tilhorende revisjonsberetningen.
Var uttalelse om revisjonen av arsregnskapet dekker ikke ovrig informasjon, og vi attesterer ikke den
ovrige informasjonen.
I forbindelse med revisjonen av arsregnskapet er det var oppgave a lese ovrig informasjon med det
formal a vurdere hvorvidt det foreligger vesentlig inkonsistens mellom ovrig informasjon og
arsregnskapet, kunnskap vi har opparbeidet oss under revisjonen, eller hvorvidt den tilsynelatende
inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon.
Dersom vi konkluderer med at den ovrige informasjonen inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon er vi
palagt a rapportere det. Vi har ingenting a rapportere i sa henseende.
Styrets og daglig leders ansvarfor arsregnskapet
Styret og daglig leder (ledelsen) er ansvarlig for a utarbeide arsregnskapet i samsvar med lov og
forskrifter, herunder for at det gir et rettvisende bilde i samsvar med regnskapslovens regler og god
regnskapsskikk i Norge. Ledelsen er ogsa ansvarlig for slik internkontroll som den finner nodvendig
PricewaterhouseCoopersAS, Droning Eufemias gate 71, Postboks 748 Sentrum, NO-0106 Oslo
T: 02316, 0rg. n0.: 987 009 713 MVA, www.pwc.no
Statsautoriserte revisorer, medlemmer av Den norske Revisorforening og autorisert regnskapsforerselskap

--- Page 83 ---
_A
pwc
Uavhengig revisors beretning - Ice Communication Norge AS
for 3 kunne utarheide et irsregnskap som ikke innebolder esentlig feilinformasio er'ken so olge
av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil.
Ved utarbeidelsen av arsregnskapet ma ledelsen ta standpunkt til selskapets evne til fortsatt drift og
opplyse om forhold av betydning for fortsatt drift. Forutsetningen om fortsatt drift skal legges til grunn
for arsregnskapet s lenge det ikke er sannsynlig at virksomheten vil bli avviklet.
Revisors oppgaver og plikter ved revisjonen av arsregnskapet
Vart mal med revisjonen er a oppna betryggende sikkerhet for at arsregnskapet som helhet ikke
inneholder vesentlig feilinformasjon, verken som folge av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil, og a avgi en
revisjonsberetning som inneholder var konklusjon. Betryggende sikkerhet er en hoy grad av sikkerhet,
men ingen garanti for at en revisjon utfort i samsvar med lov, forskrift og god revisjonsskikk i Norge,
herunder ISA-ene, alltid vil avdekke vesentlig feilinformasjon som eksisterer. Feilinformasjon kan
oppsta som folge av misligheter eller utilsiktede feil. Feilinformasjon blir vurdert som vesentlig dersom
den enkeltvis eller samlet med rimelighet kan forventes a pavirke okonomiske beslutninger som
brukerne foretar basert pa arsregnskapet.
For videre beskrivelse av revisors oppgaver og plikter vises det til:
https: //revisorforeningen.no/revisjonsberetninger
Uttalelse om andre lovmessige krav
Konklusjon om arsberetningen
Dasert pa var revisjon av arsregnskapet som bcskrcvct ovenfor, mener vi at opplysningene i
arsberetningen om arsregnskapet, forutsetningen om fortsatt drift og forslaget til resultatdisponering
er konsistente med arsregnskapet og i samsvar med lov og forskrifter.
Konklusjon om registrering og dokumentasjon
Basert pa var revisjon av arsregnskapet som beskrevet ovenfor, og kontrollhandlinger vi har funnet
nodvendig i henhold til internasjonal standard for attestasjonsoppdrag (ISAE) 3000
«Attestasjonsoppdrag som ikke er revisjon eller forenklet revisorkontroll av historisk finansiell
informasjon», mener vi at ledelsen har oppfylt sin plikt til a sorge for ordentlig og oversiktlig
registrering og dokumentasjon av selskapets regnskapsopplysninger i samsvar med lov og god
bokforingsskikk i Norge.
Oslo, 29. april 2020
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS
Herman Skibrek
Statsautorisert revisor
(elektronisk signert)
(2)

--- Page 84 ---
Revisjonsberetning
Signers:
Name
Skibrek, Herman
Method
BANKID MOBILE
C Securely signed with Brevio
Date
2020-04-29 16:29
This document package contains:
- Closing page (this page)
-The original document(s)
-The electronic signatures. These are not visible in the
document, but are electronically integrated.
@
This file is sealed with a digital signature.
The seal is a guarantee for the authenticity
of the document.

--- Page 86 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, 20 July 2021 
 
Base Prospectus 
 
 
41
Annex 3 Template for Final Terms for fixed and floating rate 
Bonds

--- Page 87 ---
[Annex 3] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Final Terms 
 
for 
 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Oslo, [Date]

--- Page 88 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
2  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purpose of the conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus clauses 2 Definitions and 13.3 Definitions, these Final Terms and the attached Bond Terms and the 
attached Guarantee agreement. 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are professional investors and eligible counterparties, insert the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) only target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) (MiFID II); 
and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and eligible counterparties only (ECPs) target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is only 
eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below). 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended) (the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]  
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Bonds are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No. 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No. 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No. 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Bonds or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
 
 
[In case MiFID II identified target market are retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties, 
insert 
the 
following:] 
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties (ECPs) 
target market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is eligible 
counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended) 
(MiFID II); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Bonds are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/

--- Page 89 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
3  
and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] 
target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and 
appropriateness 
obligations 
under 
MiFID 
II, 
as 
applicable].] 
 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and eligible counterparties target 
market – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Bonds is retail 
clients, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (UK MiFIR); EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of 
the Bonds are appropriate, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure 
execution services] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clientsare 
appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Bonds to retail clients are appropriate – 
investment advice[,/and] portfolio management[,/ and][non-advised sales][and pure execution services][, subject 
to the distributor’s (as defined below) suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]]. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Bonds (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under 
COBS, as applicable].] 
 
This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Bonds described herein pursuant to the Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2021 and [the supplement[s] 
to the Base Prospectus dated [date]].  
 
The Base Prospectus dated 20 July 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 ([together,] the “Base 
Prospectus”). 
 
Final Terms include a summary of each Bond Issue. 
 
These Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the supplement[s] to the Base Prospectus] are available on the 
Issuer's website https://www.icegroup.com/, or on the Issuer's visit address, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, 
Norway, or their successor (s).

--- Page 90 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
4  
1 Summary  
The below summary has been prepared in accordance with the disclosure requirements in Article 7in the 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as of 14 June 2017. 
 
Introduction and warning 
Disclosure requirement 
Disclosure 
Warning 
This summary should be read as introduction to the Base 
Prospectus. Any decision to invest in the securities should be 
based on consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole by the 
investor. The investor could lose all or part of the invested capital.  
Where a claim relating to the information contained in the Base 
Prospectus is brought before a court, the plaintiff investor might, 
under the national law, have to bear the costs of translating the 
Base Prospectus before the legal proceedings are initiated. Civil 
liability attaches only to those persons who have tabled the 
summary including any translation thereof, but only where the 
summary is misleading, inaccurate or inconsistent, when read 
together with the other parts of the Base Prospectus, or where it 
does not provide, when read together with the other parts of the 
prospectus, key information in order to aid investors when 
considering whether to invest in such securities. 
Name and international securities 
identification number (‘ISIN’) of the 
securities. 
[●] 
Identity and contact details of the issuer, 
including its legal entity identifier (‘LEI’). 
Issuer: 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 
Oslo, Norway 
Telephone +47 940 94 900  
Registration number 913 192 354 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5967007LIEEXZXJ76807. 
 
Guarantor: 
Ice Communication Norge AS, Nydalsveien 18B, N-0484 Oslo, 
Norway 
Telephone +47 940 94 900  
Registration number 912 672 808 in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry 
LEI-code (legal entity identifier): 5493005YEU7Y482DXU54. 
Identity and contact details of the offeror or 
of the person asking for admission to trading 
on a regulated market. 
There is no offeror, the Base Prospectus has been produced in 
connection with listing of the securities on an Exchange. The 
Issuer is going to ask for admission to trading on a regulated 
market. 
Identity and contact details of the competent 
authority that approved the prospectus 
Financial Supervisory Authority of Norway (Finanstilsynet), 
Revierstredet 3, 0151 Oslo.   
Telephone number is +47 22 93 98 00.  
E-mail: prospekter@finanstilsynet.no. 
Date of approval of the prospectus. 
The Base Prospectus was approved on 20 July 2021. 
 
Key information on the Issuer 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Who is the issuer of the securities 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Domicile and legal form 
The Company is a private limited liability company incorporated in 
Norway and organized under the laws of Norway, including the 
Private Limited Liability Companies Act 
Principal activities 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS (“the Company”), and its 
subsidiaries (together, “the Group” or “Ice Scandinavia”) is a 
telecom operator under the trademark ice in Norway. The 
business is to provide telecommunications services, including 
wireless data services, voice, messaging, mobile broadband 
services, telephony and other related telecom services. 
Major shareholders 
 
The Company is wholly owned by AINMT Holdings AB, which is wholly owned by Ice Group ASA.

--- Page 91 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
5  
The guarantor is wholly owned by Ice Group Scandinavia Norge AS. 
 
There are no arrangements, known to the Company, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a 
change in control of the Company.  
 
Management 
 
 
The management of the Company can be seen below: 
Name  
Position  
Eivind Helgaker 
Chief executive officer 
Per Heyeraas 
Chief financial officer 
Shiraz Abid 
Chief commercial officer 
Hans Heggenhaugen 
B2B Director 
Jan-Erik Hvidsten 
Chief technology officer 
Reynir Johannesson 
Communication director 
Martin Westersø 
Chief of staff 
 
The management team of Ice Communication Norge AS is the same as for Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS. 
 
Statutory auditors 
PricewaterhouseCoopers AS 
 
What is the key financial information 
regarding the issuer 
 
Key financial information 
 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS Consolidated 
Amounts in NOK millions 
Interim Report 
Annual Report 
 
Q1 2021 
2020 
2019 
Operating profit 
-50 
-469 
-660 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
6,173 
5,967 
4,583 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
34 
110 
-265 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
521 
61 
1,459 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-125 
-660 
-451 
 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
Amounts in NOK millions 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
2019 
Operating profit 
-14 
-16 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
2,879 
2,215 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-22 
-54 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
-202 
1,661 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-430 
-1,033 
 
Ice Communication Norge AS 
Amounts in NOK 
Annual Report 
 
2020 
2019 
Operating profit 
-560,079,518 
-680,715,791 
Net financial debt (long term debt plus 
short term debt minus cash) 
3,566,869,290 
2,428,841,177 
Net Cash flows from operating activities 
-57,798,726 
-324,544,665 
Net Cash flows from financing activities 
1,321,567,316 
1,690,865,534 
Net Cash flow from investing activities 
-1,093,695,727 
-1,188,632,804

--- Page 92 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
6  
There is no description of any qualifications in the audit report for the Annual Report 2020. 
 
What are the key risk factors that are specific 
to the issuer 
 
1.  Continued rapid technological changes 
2.  Future investments in maintaining, upgrading and expanding 
its network 
3.  Dependency on contracts 
4.  Competition from other operators 
5.  Disruption of services 
6.  Relationship with suppliers 
7.  License renewal risk 
8.  New licences auctioned by the authorities 
9.  Cyper-attacks, subscriber database piracy etc. 
10. Regulatory environment 
11. Data protection 
12. Amount of debt 
13. Financing and liquidity risks 
 
 
Key information on the securities 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
What are the main features of the securities 
 
Description of the securities, including ISIN 
code. 
[●] 
Currency for the bond issue 
[●] 
Borrowing Limit and Borrowing Amount  
 [● tranche] 
[●] 
Denomination – Each Bond 
[●] 
Any restrictions on the free transferability of 
the securities. 
[●] 
Description of the rights attached to the 
securities, limitations to those rights and 
ranking of the securities. 
[●] 
Information about Issue and Maturity Date, 
interest rate, instalment and representative 
of the bondholders 
[●] 
Status of the bonds and security 
[●] 
Where will the securities be traded 
 
Indication as to whether the securities 
offered are or will be the object of an 
application for admission to trading. 
[●]  
What are the key risks that are specific to the 
securities 
 
Most material key risks 
1. There will only be a limited trading market for the Bonds and 
the market may have limited liquidity 
2. Value of secured bonds 
 
Key information on the admission to trading on a regulated marked 
Disclosure requirements 
Disclosure 
Under which conditions and timetable can I 
invest in this security? 
 [●] 
 
The estimate of total expenses related to the admission to 
trading, please see clause 13.4.5 in the Base Prospectus. 
 
[/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Listing fee Oslo Børs [●] 
Registration fee Oslo Børs [●] 
 
Why is the prospectus being produced 
In connection with listing of the securities on the Oslo Børs. 
Reasons for the admission to trading on a 
regulated marked and use of. 
Use of proceeds [●] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds [●]

--- Page 93 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
7  
 
Description of material conflicts of interest to 
the issue including conflicting interests. 
[●]

--- Page 94 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
8  
2 Detailed information about the security 
 
Generally: 
 
ISIN code: 
[ISIN] 
 
 
The Loan/The Bonds: 
[Title of the bond issue] 
 
 
Borrower/Issuer: 
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS registered in the Norwegian 
Companies Registry with registration number 913 192 354. The 
Company’s LEI code is 5967007LIEEXZXJ76807. 
 
 
Group: 
Means the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
 
Guarantor: 
Ice Communication Norge AS registered in the Norwegian Companies 
Registry with registration number 912 672 808. The Company’s LEI code 
is 5493005YEU7Y482DXU54. 
 
Security Type: 
[Un]secured [open] bond issue with [fixed/floating] rate 
 
Borrowing Limit – Tap Issue: 
[Currency]  
[Amount borrowing limit]  
 
 
Borrowing Amount [●] tranche: 
[Currency]   
 [Amount [●] tranche]  
 
 
  
Denomination – Each bond: 
[Currency] 
[Amount denomination] - each and ranking pari 
passu among themselves 
 
 
Securities Form: 
As set out in the Base Prospectus clause 13.1. 
 
 
Publication: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.2. 
 
 
Issue Price: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue price] % 
 
 
Disbursement Date/Issue Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Issue date] 
 
 
Maturity Date: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
Guarantee: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the Guarantee] 
 
[The Guarantee Agreement is attached to this Final Terms.] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
 
Interest Bearing from and Including: 
[Issue date 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Bearing To: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
[Maturity Date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Reference Rate: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating rate: [NIBOR] [3 / 6 / 12] months  
 
[description of Reference Rate]

--- Page 95 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
9  
Relevant Screen Page: [Relevant Screen Page] 
 
Specified time: [specified time] 
 
Information about the past and future performance and volatility of the 
Reference Rate is available at [Relevant Screen Page / other: (specify)] 
 
Fallback provisions: [Provisions] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
/ Fixed Rate: N/A] 
 
 
Margin: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
Floating Rate: [Margin] % p.a. 
 
/ Fixed Interest: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate: 
[Bond issue with floating rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Reference Rate + Margin] % p.a. 
 
Current Interest Rate: [current interest rate] 
 
/ Bond Issue with fixed rate (as defined in the Base Prospectus section 
13.3): [Interest rate] % p.a. 
 
 
 
Day Count Convention: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
/ Fixed Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
 
 
Day Count Fraction – Secondary 
Market: 
[Floating Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.1.a 
/ Fixed Rate: As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.5.2.a  
 
 
 
Interest Determination Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
Interest Rate Determination Date: [Interest Rate Determination Date(s)] 
each year.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Interest Rate Adjustment Date: 
[Floating Rate: As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.  
 
/ Fixed rate: N/A] 
 
 
Interest Payment Date: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.5.1 (FRN) / section 13.5.2 (fixed rate) 
 
Interest Payment Date: [Date(s)] each year.  
 
The first Interest Payment Date is [Date].  
 
 
#Days first term: 
[Number of interest days] days 
 
 
Yield: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Yield is [yield]  
 
 
Business Day: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)]

--- Page 96 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
10  
 
 
Amortisation and Redemption: 
 
Redemption: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and as specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.3, 13.5.1.b and 13.5.2.b. 
 
The Maturity Date is [maturity date] 
 
 
Call Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the call option] 
 
Call Date(s): [call date(s)] 
 
Call Price(s): [call price(s)] 
 
Call Notice Period: [call notice period] 
 
Put Option: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the put option] 
 
Early redemption option due to a tax 
event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the early redemption option] 
 
Mandatory early redemption due to a 
Total Loss Event: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
[terms of the mandatory early redemption] 
 
 
Obligations: 
 
Issuer’s special obligations during the 
term of the Bond Issue: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.6. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Listing: 
 
Listing of the Bond Issue/Marketplace: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Exchange for listing of the Bonds: [Exchange] 
 
/ The Bonds will not be applied for listing on any Exchange. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Any restrictions on the free 
transferability of the securities: 
 
As specified in the Base prospectus section 13.4.10. 
 
Restrictions on the free transferability of the securities: [specify] 
 
 
Purpose/Use of proceeds: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.1. 
 
Estimated total expenses related to the offer: [specify] 
 
Estimated net amount of the proceeds: [specify] 
 
Use of proceeds: [specify] 
 
[Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Prospectus and Listing fees: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5. 
 
Listing fees: [specify] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Market-making: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3.

--- Page 97 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
11  
[A market-making agreement has been entered into between the Issuer 
and [name of market maker]] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Approvals: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.9. 
 
Date of the Board of Directors’ approval: [date] 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bond Terms: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.7.  
 
By virtue of being registered as a Bondholder (directly or indirectly) with 
the CSD, the Bondholders are bound by the Bond Terms and any other 
Finance Document, without any further action required to be taken or 
formalities to be complied with by the Bond Trustee, the Bondholders, 
the Issuer or any other party. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Status and security: 
As specified in the Base Prospectus section 13.4.5.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Bondholders’ meeting/ 
Voting rights: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Availability of the Documentation: 
https://www.icegroup.com/    
 
 
Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
 
 
Bond Trustee: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
Paying Agent: 
As defined in the Base prospectus section 13.3. 
 
The Paying Agent is [name of the Paying Agent] 
 
 
Securities Depository / CSD: 
As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 and specified in the 
Base Prospectus section 13.4.5 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
 
Calculation Agent: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
 
Listing fees: 
Prospectus fee for the Base Prospectus including template for Final 
Terms is NOK 119,000. 
 
[Listing and other fees at the Exchange: (specify)  
 
/ No listing: N/A]

--- Page 98 ---
Ice Group Scandinavia Holdings AS 
 
Final Terms - [Title of Bonds] 
 
ISIN [ISIN] 
 
 
12  
3 Additional information 
Advisor 
The Issuer has mandated [name of Joint Lead Managers] as Joint Lead Managers for the issuance of the Loan. 
The Joint Lead Managers have acted as advisor[s] to the Issuer in relation to the pricing of the Loan. 
 
The Joint Lead Managers will be able to hold position in the Loan.  
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Interests and conflicts of interest 
[The involved persons in the Issuer or offer of the Bonds have no interest, nor conflicting interests that are 
material to the Bond Issue. 
 
/ Other: (specify)] 
 
Rating 
[There is no official rating of the Loan. 
 
The Issuer is rated as follows: 
Standard & Poor’s: [•] 
Moody’s: [•] 
 
/ Other: (specify)]  
 
Listing of the Loan: 
[As defined in the Base Prospectus section 13.3] 
 
The Prospectus will be published in [country]. An application for listing at [Exchange] will be sent as soon as 
possible after the Issue Date. Each bond is negotiable. 
 
Statement from the Joint Lead Managers: 
[name of Joint Lead managers] have assisted the Issuer in preparing the prospectus. The Joint Lead Managers 
have not verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, 
express or implied, is made, and the Joint Lead Managers expressively disclaim[s] any legal or financial liability 
as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained in this prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with bonds issued by the Issuer or their distribution. The statements made in this 
paragraph are without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer. Each person receiving this prospectus 
acknowledges that such person has not relied on the Joint Lead Managers nor on any person affiliated with them 
in connection with its investigation of the accuracy of such information or its investment decision. 
 
[place], [date] 
 
 
[name of Joint Lead Managers] 
[web address of Joint Lead Managers]