--- Page 1 ---
Base Prospectus 
19 July 2021

--- Page 2 ---
II 
 
Iceland Seafood International hf. 
ISK 9,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme 
 
Under this ISK 9,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme (the Programme) Iceland Seafood International 
hf., reg. no. 611088-1329, Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavík, Iceland (Iceland Seafood or the Issuer) 
may issue in a continuous and repeated manner bonds and/or bills (the Securities or Series of Securities) 
denominated in any Issue Currency as described in this Base Prospectus (the Base Prospectus). The 
maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed ISK 9,000,000,000 (or its equivalence in other currencies), subject to increase as described 
herein.  
Securities issued under the Programme will be issued in uncertificated and dematerialised book entry form 
issued electronically in a Central Securities Depository, Nasdaq CSD SE, útibú á Íslandi (the Nasdaq 
CSD Iceland), or any other as decided by the Issuer.  An application will generally be submitted to Nasdaq 
Iceland hf. reg. no. 681298-2829, Laugavegur 182, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland (the Nasdaq Iceland) for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Iceland Main Market, the 
regulated market of the Nasdaq Iceland. References in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and 
all related references) shall mean that such Securities have been admitted to trading on the regulated 
market of the Nasdaq Iceland, a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2004/39/EC implemented 
in Iceland through the Act on Securities Transactions and Act on Stock Exchanges no. 110/2007. The 
Issuer may list the Securities on additional regulated markets. Additionally, the Issuer is permitted to issue 
Securities under the Programme which are not to be listed on a Regulated Market. 
The Issuer will determine the terms of each series of Securities in accordance with the terms specified in 
the chapter Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The Issuer may decide that Securities may be issued 
in a form not contemplated by the terms described herein, in which event, a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus if appropriate, will be made available. The final terms of each tranche of Securities (the Final 
Terms) will then be specified in the relevant Final Terms document which will be sent to the Financial 
Supervisory Authority of the Central Bank of Iceland (the FSA) for review and subsequently published 
on the website of the FSA and the Issuer, www.icelandseafood.com. The Base Prospectus and applicable 
Final Terms will remain available for at least 10 years after their publication. 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended, 
and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Securities may not be 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to a U.S. person.  
Iceland Seafood International hf. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 July 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
Table of Contents 
 
1 
Programme Overview ..................................................................................................... 3 
1.1 
The Securities ............................................................................................................ 3 
1.2 
Listing ........................................................................................................................ 3 
2 
Risk Factors ..................................................................................................................... 4 
2.1 
Risks related to Securities issued under the Programme ........................................... 4 
2.2 
Issuer‘s Operational Risk .......................................................................................... 7 
2.3 
Issuer's Financial Risks............................................................................................ 13 
3 
Terms and conditions of the securities ........................................................................ 16 
3.1 
Definitions ............................................................................................................... 17 
3.2 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities ................................................................... 20 
4 
Applicable Final Terms ................................................................................................. 32 
5 
Selling Restrictions ........................................................................................................ 43 
6 
Important information .................................................................................................. 46 
6.1 
Notice to investors ................................................................................................... 46 
6.2 
Authorisation and size ............................................................................................. 48 
6.3 
Statement of persons responsible, on behalf of the Issuer ....................................... 49 
6.4 
Statutory Auditor ..................................................................................................... 49 
6.5 
Advisors ................................................................................................................... 49 
6.6 
Information incorporated by reference .................................................................... 50 
6.7 
Documents on display ............................................................................................. 50 
6.8 
Third Party Information ........................................................................................... 51 
6.9 
Listing, Validity and Access to Information ........................................................... 51 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus ................................................................................... 51 
7 
The Issuer ....................................................................................................................... 52 
7.1 
About the Issuer ....................................................................................................... 52 
7.2 
History and Development ........................................................................................ 52 
7.3 
Subsidiaries and other investments .......................................................................... 53 
8 
Business Overview ......................................................................................................... 54 
8.1 
Strategy .................................................................................................................... 54 
8.2 
Organisational structure and principal activities ..................................................... 55 
9 
Management and corporate governance ..................................................................... 59 
9.1 
Compliance with Corporate Governance ................................................................ 59 
9.2 
The Board of Directors ............................................................................................ 59 
9.3 
Executive Management ........................................................................................... 62 
9.4 
Potential conflicts of interest ................................................................................... 62 
10 Financial Information ................................................................................................... 64 
10.1 
Normalised results ................................................................................................... 64

--- Page 4 ---
2 
 
10.2 
Latest financial statements....................................................................................... 65 
10.3 
Significant Developments in the Period .................................................................. 65 
10.4 
Funding .................................................................................................................... 66 
10.5 
Share capital and shareholders ................................................................................ 66

--- Page 5 ---
3 
 
1 
PROGRAMME OVERVIEW 
1.1 
The Securities 
Under the Programme, Iceland Seafood may issue Bonds and/or Bills, unsecured and 
unsubordinated, issued electronically in a Central Securities Depository. The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed ISK 9,000,000,000, or its equivalence in other currencies, subject to increase. 
An increase in the size of the Programme is subject to an authorisation of the Issuer's Board of 
Directors. 
Securities issued under the Programme may be in the form of an Annuity or have Equal Principal 
Payments (including a Bond with one payment of principal on Maturity Date). Securities can be 
inflation linked, have a Fixed Rate or Floating Rate or a combination of any of the foregoing, 
depending upon the interest basis and redemption/payment basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Securities will have such maturities as decided by the Issuer and may be issued in 
any currency decided by the Issuer and specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Securities will 
be issued in such denominations as decided by the Issuer and stated in the applicable Final Terms 
and may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in each case on a syndicated 
or non-syndicated basis. 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Securities. In particular, this Base 
Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong 
Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible to 
deliver the Securities and the Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries. Further, some restrictions may apply to 
the European Economic Area and the United Kingdom. 
The Securities and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Icelandic law. 
1.2 
Listing  
Series of Securities issued under the Programme have been admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Nasdaq Iceland. Generally, an application will be submitted to Nasdaq Iceland for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned market 
and references in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Securities have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Nasdaq 
Iceland unless otherwise specified. The Issuer may list the Securities on additional regulated 
markets, further, the Issuer may choose to forego listing.

--- Page 6 ---
4 
 
2 
RISK FACTORS 
Iceland Seafood, an Icelandic public limited liability company, is a worldwide sales, processing 
and marketing group for a variety of frozen, fresh, salted and dried seafood and seafood products. 
The following overview of risk factors is based on what the Issuer, at its own discretion, 
considers to be of importance in relation to its present and future operations. While the Issuer 
considers the following to be a fair, full and comprehensive disclosure of all relevant risk factors, 
this overview is not a substitute for the rest of the Base Prospectus and should not be perceived 
as such. A full and accurate assessment of the Issuer's operations may only be made on the basis 
of the entire Base Prospectus. Furthermore, the operations of the Issuer may be affected by risks 
that are either not known or have not materialised by the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Risk factors are divided into three sections, chapter 2.1 addresses the risks related to issues of 
Securities under the Programme while chapters 2.2 and 2.3 address the Issuer‘s operational and 
financing risks. 
The Issuer has assessed the materiality of the risk factors based on the probability of their 
occurrence and the expected magnitude of their negative impact and has organised the following 
risk factors accordingly, beginning with those estimated to be most significant to the Issuer. 
2.1 
Risks related to Securities issued under the Programme 
A wide range of Securities may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Securities 
may have features which contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a 
description of the most common of such features:  
2.1.1 Prepayment risk  
If the Issuer has the right to accelerate payment in part or in full on any Securities at its own 
discretion, this may limit the market value of the Securities concerned and an investor may not 
be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective return  
An optional prepayment feature of Securities is likely to limit their market value. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to accelerate payment of the relevant Securities, or during any 
period when Security Holders perceive that the Issuer may elect to accelerate payment of the 
Securities, the market value of those Securities generally will not rise substantially above the 
price at which they can be repaid. This also may be true prior to any pre-payment period.  
The Issuer may elect to exercise its option to advance payment of the Securities when its cost of 
borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Securities. At those times, an investor generally 
would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the 
interest rate on the Securities being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time.  
2.1.2 Market rate risk 
Securities which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility 
in response to changes in market interest rates. The market values of securities issued at a 
substantial discount or premium to their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to

--- Page 7 ---
5 
 
general changes in interest rates than do prices for more conventional interest-bearing securities. 
Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the greater the price volatility as 
compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
2.1.3 CPI development risk 
Under the Programme the Issuer can issue Inflation linked Securities which are indexed to the 
Consumer Price Index (“CPI”). Investment in indexed linked Securities involves the risk that 
subsequent changes in the CPI may adversely affect the value of the index linked Securities. The 
historical experience of the CPI should not be viewed as an indicator of the future performance 
of the CPI. 
2.1.4 
 Variable rate risk  
Securities with variable interest rates can be volatile investments. If they are structured to include 
multipliers or other leverage factors, or caps or floors, or any combination of those features or 
other similar related features, their market values may be even more volatile than those for 
securities that do not include those features and, as a consequence, could drop further in value. 
2.1.5 Benchmark regulation and reform risk  
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks” (such as a Reference Interest 
Rate in the case of variable rate Securities), are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst 
others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Securities linked 
to or referencing such a “benchmark”.  
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision 
of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within 
the EU (which, for these purposes, includes the UK). It, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, to be subject to an 
equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of “benchmarks” of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if 
non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Securities linked to or 
referencing a “benchmark”, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” 
are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such 
changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting 
the volatility of the published rate or level of the “benchmark”.  
More broadly, any of the national or international reforms, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of “benchmarks”, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a “benchmark” and complying with any such regulations or 
requirements. Such factors may have the following effects on certain “benchmarks”: (i) 
discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to the “benchmark”; 
(ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the “benchmark” or (iii) lead to the

--- Page 8 ---
6 
 
disappearance of the “benchmark”. Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes 
as a result of national or international reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a 
material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Securities linked to, referencing, or 
otherwise dependent, in whole or in part, upon a “benchmark”.  
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment 
decision with respect to any Securities linked to or referencing a “benchmark”.  
2.1.6  Fixed rate risk 
The value of securities may change due to market conditions. Thus, the value of the Securities 
may decrease if the general market yield rises and the value may rise if the yield decreases. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Securities involves the risk that subsequent increases in market interest 
rates above the rate paid on the relevant Fixed Rate Securities will adversely affect the value of 
the Fixed Rate Securities.  
2.1.7 Unsecured asset risk 
The Securities will be unsecured and do not have the benefit of a negative pledge provision. 
Investment in unsecured bills and/or bonds involved risk and despite being ahead of other 
creditors such as shareholders, Investors can lose their investment in the Securities in part or in 
full. If the Issuer defaults on the Securities, or in the event of a bankruptcy, liquidation, 
reorganisation or winding-up, then, to the extent that the Issuer has granted security over its 
assets, the assets that secure those obligations will be used to satisfy the obligations thereunder 
before the Issuer could sell or otherwise dispose of those assets in order to make payment on the 
Securities. As a result, there may only be limited assets available to make payments on the 
Securities. In addition, there is no restriction on the issue by the Issuer of other similar securities 
that do have the benefit of security, which may impact on the market price of its securities, such 
as the Securities, that are unsecured. 
2.1.8 Market Risk 
The value of securities may change due to market conditions. Thus, the value of the Securities 
may decrease if the general market yield rises and the value may rise if the yield decreases. 
Various factors can cause changes in general market conditions, e.g. general economic 
conditions, interest rate decisions by the Central Bank, changes in legislation and regulations 
and any events and/or external conditions that impact the operations of companies and the 
economy as a whole. Further, the Issuer’s principal interest payments on the Securities may be 
paid in Icelandic Krona or any other Issue currency, therefore exchange rate risk may be 
embedded in the Securities by exposure to market conditions in currency markets.  
2.1.9 Liquidity Risk 
The Securities have not previously been admitted to trading on a regulated market. Although the 
Securities will be admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of Nasdaq Iceland, the Issuer 
cannot guarantee that the Securities will be actively traded. No obligation rests on the Issuer to 
maintain an active market with the Securities and no market making with them has been 
envisaged. Therefore, liquidity risk may arise, i.e. the risk of not being able to sell the Securities

--- Page 9 ---
7 
 
at will. The risk is expressed in such a way that the market cannot accept the quantity that is to 
be sold or the price formation is such that there is a significant difference between the buying 
and selling price of the Securities. Further, the Issuer may be in a position of not having sufficient 
liquidity to meet obligations on the Securities when they fall due. However, the Issuer carefully 
manages its liquidity risk to ensure that, among other things, it always has sufficient liquidity to 
meet its obligations.  
2.1.10  Changes in Legislation 
Financial markets are dependent on the operating- and legal environment created by public 
authorities. Extensive changes in the legal framework that applies to financial markets can have 
a negative effect and create unrest in the markets, affecting the value of any listed Securities.  
No assurance can therefore be given as to the impacts of any amendments to Icelandic law, court 
decisions, and/or administrative practice after the date of the Base Prospectus. Additionally, it 
should be borne in mind that changes to EU legislation in this area may affect the Issuer and the 
Securities due to Iceland's membership of the EEA agreement.  
2.2 
 Issuer‘s Operational Risk 
2.2.1 Reputational Risk  
Reputational risk is the risk of financial loss attributable to a company's negative impression 
towards stakeholders, such as customers, shareholders, employees, investors and governments. 
Consequences of a negative impression can be lack of trustworthiness in the market, leading to 
a loss of customers and opportunities and, consequently, income. 
The Issuer operates in a market where reputation of the healthiness of the product is of great 
importance. If suspicion arises that a given product or product group is unsafe for consumers, it 
can lead to significant public discussion and media coverage. An accident in the production of 
one specific product or at one specific facility, either at one of the Issuer's value added facilities 
or with a producer supplying the Issuer with raw materials, can have a wide-ranging effect and 
a meaningful contagion in other products or markets. 
To ensure quality in its products the Issuer enforces various standards in its sourcing of raw 
materials, as further described in chapter 2.2.2 Raw material, Quota and Environmental Risk and 
places emphasis on the chain of custody and traceability of their products. All of Iceland 
Seafood's production facilities have been certified and inspected as required by local authorities 
in addition to many holding additional certifications such as the UK's BRC Global Standard for 
food safety, which is an internationally recognized mark of food safety and quality achieved by 
undertaking a third-party audit against standard requirements by an accredited certification 
body.  
The Issuer has a well-established image and positive reputation that has contributed to attracting 
new customers, as well as strengthening its business relations with core customers. If the Issuer's 
reputation suffered significant damage, there is a risk that a substantial number of customers will 
terminate their business relationship and other counterparties will be reluctant to engage in 
further transactions with the Issuer. This could negatively impact and limit the Issuer's potential 
of obtaining funding, creating new business relationships and maintaining existing ones. The

--- Page 10 ---
8 
 
Issuer places great emphasis on its relationships with customers and takes great care in 
maintaining and strengthening them, making sure that customers know the Issuer and its 
operations, and are aware of the quality control maintained at all times.  
2.2.2 Raw material, Quota and Environmental Risk  
The primary raw material used by Iceland Seafood is seafood from Icelandic waters. The 
Icelandic government sets laws and regulations on utilisation of Icelandic Fish stocks, based on 
advice from the Icelandic Marine & Freshwater Research institute. The quota year in Iceland 
runs from 1 September to 31 August  each year. For further information on the Icelandic quota 
system see http://www.fiskistofa.is/english/fisheries-management1. 
The main risk factor for Iceland Seafood on fish stocks are significant changes in utilisation and 
therefore availability, which can affect raw material prices and e.g. cause Iceland Seafood‘s raw 
material costs to increase in the case of decreased availability. Iceland Seafood is not directly 
invested in the Icelandic quota system, as it does not conduct its own fishing, and therefore risks 
are limited to availability and price fluctuations and effects of having to seek alternative sources 
of raw materials.  
Additionally, although a large part of seafood for Iceland Seafood comes from Icelandic waters, 
some comes from elsewhere e.g. in the Atlantic Ocean, from waters belonging to Norway, Russia 
and others, where similar fishery management methods and/or principals as in Iceland are used, 
i.e. recommendation from scientists based on scientific research. The quota year in Norway and 
Russia runs from 1 January to 31 December each year. 
In the operation of subsidiary Achernar S.A.A (Achernar) in Argentina, Iceland Seafood is 
dependent on supply of Argentinian shrimp.  The fishery management system in Argentina is 
different from the previously described quota system as used in Iceland, as the government issues 
licences to vessel owners for catching without a quota system in place.  The availability and 
price fluctuations of Argentinian shrimp can have a negative impact on Iceland Seafood's 
operation in Argentina.  
Iceland Seafood bases its global sourcing policy on sourcing only from fisheries that are 
administrated in conformance with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations' 
(FAO) Code of Conduct for responsible fisheries and have proper fishery management systems. 
For further information on the FAO Code of Conduct see http://www.fao.org/fishery/code/en2. 
Iceland Seafood also supports independent and credible standards that are set to audit and 
approve fisheries that are well managed and will wherever possible promote these fisheries to 
its customers as well as committing to supply sustainable seafood to its customers. Initiatives 
that Iceland Seafood supports and enforces include Iceland Responsible Fisheries (and the 
Marine Stewardship Council's MSC standard. However, the Issuer can not guarantee that any 
products sold by Iceland Seafood might not conform to the standards set and committed to by 
the Issuer despite all best efforts.  
 
1 Information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the document. 
2 Information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is incorporated by 
reference into the document.

--- Page 11 ---
9 
 
Fisheries, in Iceland and elsewhere, can be seasonal and affected by weather conditions. This 
can lead to fluctuations in price and supply throughout the year. Major changes in sea 
temperature and other natural influences can also affect fisheries, stock conditions and ultimately 
quota allocations.  
Additionally, The Issuer uses farmed species in some of its subsidiaries, including but not limited 
to Atlantic Salmon and Asian shrimp. Farmed species carry similar price fluctuation risks as 
wild fish and in addition are affected by feed costs, weather, sea temperatures as well as 
biological and disease risks that may affect supply and pricing. 
2.2.3 Economic and global development risk 
Economic developments associated with the Covid19 world pandemic have marked the Issuer's 
operations as the pandemic and associated restrictions have caused a temporary shift in seafood 
consumption from the foodservice and hotel, restaurant and catering (HORECA) sector to retail. 
However, while a vast majority of the Issuer's sales in S-Europe are to the HORECA sector, 
which was significantly impacted by restrictions implemented due to Covid19, a majority of 
sales in N-Europe are to the retail sector which has seen growth during the pandemic.. However, 
Iceland Seafood's strong position has enabled the company to manage the situation effectively 
from the beginning of the pandemic. Among actions the Issuer has focused on are  implementing 
and following appropriate contingency plans with a focus on the health and safety of employees 
and to secure continutity of operations, tightening risk management controls, with focus on key 
assets on the balance sheet, inventories and receivables and securing liquidity and ongoing 
funding of the operation with banks in Iceland and Spain. 
The situation remains unstable as the rate of Covid19 cases in various regions is still high. The 
impact of the pandemic on the Issuer’s sales and profitability for the coming months is uncertain, 
and will depend on development of the pandemic and speed of vaccination in key markets. The 
Issuer has reacted to the situation by securing contracts which provide significant sales growth 
into the retail sector, which will improve the balance between retail and foodservice sales going 
forward. Further, Iceland Seafood has extensive operations in the UK and Ireland. In 2016 voters 
in the United Kingdom voted to exit the European Union and on 31 December 2020 the UK 
completed its transition period and left the European Union. On 24 December 2020 the UK and 
the European Union agreed on a trade deal ensuring, among other, that companies can continue 
to buy and sell goods across EU borders without paying taxes. However, while the UK and EU 
have agreed to some identical rules now, they don't have to be identical in the future, and if one 
side takes exception to the changes, they can trigger a dispute, which could ultimately lead to 
tariffs (charges on imports) being imposed on some goods in the future.  
There is no precedent for a process such as this and the implications are still somewhat unclear 
as the UK begins its journey outside the EU. Although the UK is an important market for the 
Issuer, the largest part of the Issuers supply in the UK is coming from areas outside the European 
Union. The Issuer’s main current risk due to Brexit is therefore that new procedures and 
paperwork at the UK borders, as well as complications due to Covid19, continue to cause delays 
and complications in logistics, resulting e.g. in higher transportation costs. 
Further, should other European Union countries follow the UK's example and leave the EU the 
strength of the European single market could be compromised. The single market refers to

--- Page 12 ---
10 
 
the EU as one territory without any internal borders or other regulatory obstacles to the free 
movement of goods and services. A functioning single market stimulates competition and trade, 
improves efficiency, raises quality, and helps cut prices. Should the single market be 
compromised, Iceland Seafood's operations as a seller and exporter of goods between EU 
countries such as Spain and Italy would be affected. 
Additionally, the Issuer has an operation in Argentina which has a history of political and 
economic instability and is considered a hyperinflation economy. This instability could have a 
negative impact on the Issuers operation in the country, although the fact that all products 
produced by the Argentinean operation are exported to Europe and Asia mitigates this risk. In 
the beginning of September 2019, Argentina's Central Bank announced new temporary 
restrictions on foreign currency transactions. Under these restrictions, companies in Argentina 
must obtain prior approval from the Central Bank to access the foreign exchange market to 
purchase foreign currency and to transfer funds abroad for the payment of dividends and profits, 
services and imports in excess of USD 2 million per month, and for certain other transactions. 
The Issuer is not directly affected by the restrictions as the operation in Argentina mainly exports 
product to the Issuer's other Value Added subsidiaries, however, management remains vigilant 
about further developments in Argentina.     
2.2.4 Transportation Risk 
The Issuer relies on various transportation methods and transportation companies, on land, sea 
and in the air, to move its products from sellers to buyers. The Issuer cannot guarantee that 
adequate transportation services will always be available. Additionally, transportation can  
significantly effect the freshness, safety and quality of the Issuer's products, which are highly 
sensitive to temperatures, delays, harsh treatment (damaging of packaging/product) etc. The 
Issuer takes every care possible to ensure that all products are transported in an applicable 
manner and has relevant insurance in place to mitigate this risk. 
2.2.5 Currency Risk 
The reporting currency of the Issuer is EUR, therefore the Issuer has a currency risk related to 
the operation of subsidiaries in the UK, Argentina, Iceland and USA, which operate and report 
in a different currency. Both purchases and sales within the Argentinean operation are based in 
USD, which mitigates the Issuer exposure to the local currency. The UK entity generally 
represents over 10% of the Issuer's operating divisions profits, whilst the Argentinean operation, 
Iceland and USA were immaterial.  
Additionally, individual subsidiaries use forward contracts to mitigate currency risk, e.g. when 
buying raw material in a foreign currency to the local market. In certain markets, predominantly 
Iceland, purchases are made in the currency that the goods are sold, providing a natural currency 
hedge. 
2.2.6 Supplier Risk 
The Issuer is exposed to risks regarding suppliers, both in the wild and farmed seafood sectors, 
as the Issuer has sourced its products from specific origins and production methods. This 
potentially limits the number of suppliers the Issuer can purchase from in some instances, 
although the Issuer has a wide supply base. Currently four large Icelandic seafood companies,

--- Page 13 ---
11 
 
which hold a considerable percentage of the national fishing quotas in Iceland, are significant 
strategic shareholders in Iceland Seafood which the Issuers believes mitigates the risk 
considerably.  
In Argentina, the issuer is cooperating with a raw material broker and vessel owners that hold 
licences for fishing Argentinian shrimp. To secure the raw material needed for the Issuer's 
production, agreements have been made where these counterparties are obliged to sell the raw 
material they catch to the Issuers operation for a defined period of time. As a consideration for 
this commitment, the Issuer provides pre-payment to the counterparties for the raw material.  
2.2.7 Quality Risk 
The Issuer sells high quality Seafood. It is imperative that the quality of the Issuer's products is 
of a sufficiently high standard. Should that standard drop, the financial performance of the Issuer 
may suffer. Further information on the Issuer's measures to ensure quality can be found in 
chapters 2.2.1 Reputational Risk, 2.2.2 Raw material, Quota and Environmental Risk and 2.2.6 
Supplier Risk.  
2.2.8 Competition Risk 
The Issuer's operating divisions and subsidiaries operate in markets with a variety of competitors. 
In most of Iceland Seafood's international subsidiaries these competitors would range from large 
branded entities to smaller family owned businesses. In the Icelandic Sales and Distribution 
subsidiary competition would range from seafood exporters of various sizes to seafood producers 
managing some or all of their own sales. As such the Issuer's subsidiaries constantly need to 
ensure their proposition, service and product offering meets the demands of the local market.  
2.2.9 Customer Risk 
The Issuer has a highly diversified customer base, with over 3,000 customers across 45 countries. 
In certain markets the Issuer operates with key customers, the loss of which may impact the 
profitability of the Issuer. 
The Issuer sells products to several  retailers in the UK and Spain. These products are generally 
sold under the own label of the retailer. In the case of retailers' own labels, it may potentially be 
easier for a retail chain to change suppliers than if Iceland Seafood was the sole supplier of a 
recognised brand. 
The Issuer and its subsidiaries take great care in maintaining and growing their relationships 
with customers, many of which are built upon years of mutual trust and respect, and aim to make 
long-term contracts whenever possible. 
2.2.10 Risk relating to Essential Employees 
The Issuer's operations are based on the knowledge, experience and the future vision of key 
employees. There is no guarantee that these individuals will continue to work for the Issuer. The 
loss of service of any such employee could have a detrimental effect on the Issuer.  
The Issuer operates appropriate remuneration policies, including option programmes and bonus 
schemes, where relevant, to minimize the risk of key employees terminating their employment.

--- Page 14 ---
12 
 
2.2.11 Legal Risk 
Iceland Seafood has operations in eight countries in the production, marketing and sale of 
seafood products to more than 45 countries worldwide. Consequently, the Issuer is subject to 
various legislation, government and municipal regulations and standards in these countries, 
exposing Iceland Seafood's operations to various regulatory and legal risks, including litigation 
and liability risk.  
The Issuer is subject to, amongst other legislation, health, pollution and environmental 
legislation, government and municipal regulations and standards. The Issuer must meet 
requirements based on these legislations, regulations and standards to obtain necessary licenses 
and certificates in respective countries, e.g. processing licenses and health certificates. These 
licenses and certificates may be valid as long as Iceland Seafood  meets the legal requirements. 
They may also be valid for a specific period and therefore have to be renewed regularly.  
Existing legislation, government and municipal regulations and standards could be amended, the 
manner in which legislation and standards are enforced or interpreted could change and new 
legislation, regulations and standards could be adopted, which could adversely affect the Issuer's 
operations in the respective countries. Violations of legislation, regulations and standards, 
whether intentional or unintentional, may lead to the revocation of some of the licenses or 
certificates in the respective countries and /or affect the reputation of Iceland Seafood.  
Additionally, it is possible that the legislation in these countries regarding e.g. taxation, customs 
and permits will be amended, potentially with a retrospective effect, in such a way that could 
have a negative impact on the Issuer's operations, profits and financial position. 
Iceland Seafood is potentially exposed to claims from dissatisfied customers and consumers of 
the Issuer's products. Iceland Seafood may be subject to claims arising from violations of health, 
pollution and environmental legislation, government and municipal regulations and standards. 
Iceland Seafood may also be subject to claims arising from disputes with employees for, among 
other things, alleged illegal dismissal, discrimination or harassment. These risks may often be 
difficult to assess or quantify and their existence and magnitude often remain unknown for 
substantial periods. Liability resulting from any of the foregoing or other claims could have a 
material adverse effect on the reputation and results of the Issuer's operations.  
Due to the nature of the Issuer's operations there may always be some open disputes towards 
customers, suppliers or other counterparties.  However, upon the publication of this Base 
Prospectus, Iceland Seafood is neither involved in any litigation that may have a material 
negative effect on the Issuer's operations or financial status nor is the Issuer aware of any such 
pending litigation or any interference that has or can have a considerable negative effect on the 
financial position of Iceland Seafood. 
2.2.12 Contract Risk  
The Issuer has assessed the risks of current and imminent disputes due to contracts which the 
Issuer is a party to. Furthermore, the possibility of disputes rising in the future due to these 
contracts has been assessed. To the Issuers knowledge no dispute of a significance that would 
give rise to a special capital allocation exists.

--- Page 15 ---
13 
 
The Issuer's brands ‘Icelandic’ and ‘Icelandic Seafood’ are leased from Icelandic Trademark 
Holding, a holding company owned by the Icelandic Government with the specific purpose of 
owning and managing the brands and leasing to producers of various Icelandic products. The 
brands have a long history of over 75 years in the seafood sector and are known throughout the 
international markets for superior premium quality. In beginning of 2021 Iceland Seafood signed 
a long-term agreement which secured the right to use the ICELANDIC SEAFOOD brand in 
Europe. Should the Issuer's lease not be renewed, a competitor could market its products under 
the brand in direct competition with the Issuer.The Issuer is party to lease agreements for its 
production facilities and land some of which include provisions stating that the asset should be 
returned in the condition in which it was received. Due to the nature of the Issuer's operations, 
such provisions might require a one-off cost due to repairs or maintenance to fulfil the contracts. 
Further, the Issuer is party to a contract with its employees, through its stock option plan, which 
could be classified as unrelated to regular day-to-day operations. The purpose of the Options is 
to enable Iceland Seafood to attract and retain employees through an attractive wage system. 
Employees are provided with an opportunity to acquire a stake in the Issuer in order to increase 
their incentive to promote future growth and increased prosperity of the Issuer and to reward 
such promotion. The Option pool represents less than 2.5% of the total registered share capital 
of the Issuer.  
2.2.13 Risk relating to Accounting Principles 
The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Issuer have been prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS), as adopted by the European Union and 
additional requirements in the Icelandic Financial Statement Act, whilst financial statements of 
individual subsidiaries are either prepared in accordance with local accounting principles or 
IFRS. Any changes to any of these accounting principles could affect the reported financial 
results of the Issuer. 
2.3 
Issuer's Financial Risks 
The Issuer controls its financing in a way that secures the daily operation of all subsidiaries. 
Iceland Seafood's operations are exposed to various financial risks factors including, but not 
limited to financing, interest, credit, liquidity and currency risks. The Issuer operates appropriate 
controls to manage these risk factors both within individual subsidiaries and at the parent 
company level. The Issuer does not take positions in any financial instruments, although it uses 
forward contracts for hedging currency exposures where appropriate. 
2.3.1 Financing Risk 
The majority of the Issuer's interest bearing loans relate to the financing of working capital. 
These loans are short-term revolving facilities, based upon longer-term agreements secured by 
pledges over inventories, receivables, bank accounts, intellectual property rights and certain 
properties held by the Issuer’s companies.  The parent company, Iceland Seafood International 
hf's, shares in its subsidiaries are also pledged as security for the Issuer's short term and long 
term loans, except from shares in Iceland Seafood Iberica in Spain which are not pledged.  
Issuer's revolving facility agreement with an Icelandic finance institution is the main source of 
funding for the Issuer's companies with the exemption of subsidiaries in Spain.  The available 
drawdown at any given time depends on the balance of Issuer's receivables and inventories with

--- Page 16 ---
14 
 
the exception of subsidiary Iceland Seafood Iberica in Spain.  The line is drawn by the parent 
company which then funds the subsidiaries via intercompany loan agreements. Subsidiaries in 
Spain are solely funded by short term and long term loans with number of local banks in Spain.   
The Issuer’s main revolver loan incorporates two key financial covenants, one covenant that tests 
equity ratio at end of each quarter and another one which compares on a quarterly basis the 
Issuer's Cash Flow Available For Debt Servicing to the Issuer's interest and lease payment 
obligations over a twelve month trailing period. 
2.3.2 Interest Rate Risk  
Changes in interest rates can affect the Issuer in both a positive or negative way. The majority 
of all interest-bearing loans have variable interest rates with a defined margin on the base rate in 
each currency. The Issuer's funding is mainly in EUR, GBP and USD, but none in ISK. 
Management does not expect the base interest rates in these currencies (EURIBOR and LIBOR 
rates) to increase significantly in the coming years.   
However, the Issuer is aware of the risk of future discontinuance of benchmark rates such as 
EURIBOR and LIBOR that may adversely affect the interest rates of the Issuer. The Financial 
Conduct Authority has indicated through a series of announcements that the continuation of 
LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after 2021. It is not possible to predict whether, 
and to what extent, panel banks will continue to provide LIBOR submissions to the administrator 
of LIBOR going forwards, or whether LIBOR will be administered and compiled in the same 
manner as present. This may cause LIBOR to perform differently than it did in the past and may 
have other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
2.3.3 Credit Risk 
Credit risk is the risk of default on debt that may arise from a borrower failing to make required 
payments. The credit risk of the Issuer mainly relates to accounts receivables, i.e. that customers 
are not able to pay for goods that the Issuer has sold to them.  
The Issuer controls this risk carefully, with the vast majority of all receivables being credit 
insured. The Issuer does not take uninsured positions against a customer without going through 
an appropriate risk assessment procedure.  
In countries where credit insurance cannot be obtained, the Issuer generally applies other 
methods such as letters of credit, cash against documents and shares risk with suppliers to control 
its credit exposure.  
2.3.4 Liquidity Risk 
Liquidity risk is the risk of the Issuer not being able to meet financial obligations when they are 
due. The Issuer manages liquidity risk by ensuring sufficient liquidity from current bank 
facilities to meet foreseeable needs and to invest cash assets safely and profitably. This policy 
has remained unchanged from previous periods.  
The Issuer´s main source of financing is a multi currency revolving credit facility with an 
Icelandic financial institution and credit facilities with number of banks in Spain which finance

--- Page 17 ---
15 
 
the S-Europe division.. Headroom is in the opinion of the Board sufficient to cover fluctuations, 
both with regards to total facility amount and underlying assets (inventory and receivables). 
2.3.5 Insurance Risk 
The Issuer has appropriate insurance policies in place, which provides insurance cover against 
product and property damage, certain delays, general liability and environmental liability in 
accordance with normal practice within the industry. Additonally, the Issuer maintains Directors 
and Officers insurance for its executive management. Despite these insurance policies, which 
the Issuer has in place, there is no guarantee that all claims that might be lodged against the 
Issuer at any time would be covered by such policies. 
2.3.6 Risk relating to impairment of Goodwill  
Iceland Seafood has recognised a significant amount of goodwill due to acquisitions in recent 
years. Impairment losses are recognised in profit or loss and an impairment loss in respect of 
goodwill is not reversed. Therefore, the risk relating to goodwill is that the Issuer will realise 
impairment losses due to goodwill, affecting the financial results of Iceland Seafood. 
The last goodwill impairment test was performed at the end of 2020. Its results showed that the 
recoverable value exceeds the carrying value of goodwill. In addition to the base case testing, 
additional scenarios were tested where some key inputs had been stressed. In all scenarios tested, 
the results show that there is sufficient headroom and that there are no triggers indicating that 
impairment is necessary.

--- Page 18 ---
16 
 
3 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE SECURITIES 
The Securities are Bonds and/or Bills issued by Iceland Seafood in compliance with applicable 
Icelandic laws and regulations. The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
which will be incorporated by reference into any Securities issued under the Programme (the 
Terms and Conditions or Condition(s)). The applicable Final Terms in relation to any tranche 
of Securities specify which Terms and Conditions apply in each case, as different Terms and 
Conditions may apply for different Securities issued under the Programme. Conditions marked 
in the following chapter as “Applicable to all Securities” will apply to all Securities issued under the 
Programme, while other Conditions apply as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Relevant Final Terms included in the Base Prospectus include options, as well as brackets, which 
are to include information that is not known at the time of publication of the Base Prospectus. 
Under the applicable Final Terms for each tranche of Securities issued under the Programme the 
Terms and Conditions have been finalized and will be thus published on the Issuer's website 
www.icelandseafood.com. In the applicable Final Terms of Securities issued under the 
Programme, any reference to Terms and Conditions is a reference to the Terms and Conditions 
set out in this chapter Terms and Conditions of the Securities included in this Base Prospectus.  
References herein to Securities, Bonds or Bills shall be references to all such Securities of a 
particular Series (as defined below) unless context indicates otherwise and shall mean the units 
of the lowest denomination specified in the relevant Final Terms in the currency specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
References herein to Security Holder(s) or to Investor(s) shall mean the registered owners the 
Securities issued under the Programme, in accordance with Act no. 7/2020 on Central Securities 
Depositories, Settlement and Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments., unless context 
indicates otherwise. 
As used herein, Tranche, means Securities which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading on a Regulated Market)  save for the issue dates, issue amount and date 
of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. A Series 
or Series of Securities means a Tranche of Securities together with any further Tranche or Tranches 
of Securities which are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing on the Issuer's website, 
www.icelandseafood.com. Further, copies of the applicable Final Terms can be obtained at the 
registered offices of the Issuer. 
Except where the context otherwise requires, capitalised terms used and not otherwise defined 
in these Terms and Conditions (including the preceding paragraphs) shall bear the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 19 ---
17 
 
3.1 
Definitions 
In these Terms and Conditions: 
• 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include any premiums which are payable 
with respect to Securities and any amount which is inherently principal; 
• 
if an expression, explanation, definition or statement is provided in the Terms and 
Conditions to have a specific meaning in the Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms 
gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not applicable” then such 
expression is not applicable to the relevant Securities; 
• 
where the word “including” appears in these Terms and Conditions the words “without 
limitation” shall be deemed to be inserted immediately afterwards; 
• 
Any use of terminology or other words, in the singular or plural shall be deemed to be 
interchangeable unless the context otherwise requires; 
• 
any reference to timing in the Terms and Conditions shall be taken to mean Icelandic 
local time, unless otherwise stated; and 
• 
when reference is made to laws and regulations it shall be construed as a reference to 
Icelandic law and regulations, as amended, unless otherwise stated. 
 
Act on Bills 
Act no. 93/1993 on Bills 
Act on Central Securities 
Depositories, Settlement 
and Electronic 
Registration of Financial 
Instruments 
Act no. 7/2020 on Central Securities Depositories, Settlement 
and Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments. 
 
Applicable Final Terms 
The form of Final Terms (Part A of the Final Terms or the 
relevant provisions thereof) which will be completed for each 
Tranche of Securities issued under the Programme. 
Banking day 
A day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets in the issuing country of the applicable Issue Currency 
settle payments and are open for general business. 
Calculation Agent 
Kvika banki hf., or any other institution appointed as such as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Central Securities 
Depository or CSD 
Nasdaq CSD Iceland, or any other CSD as decided by the Issuer 
and set out in the applicable Final Terms 
CFADS 
Cash Flow Available For Debt Servicing 
Bills 
Securities that are offered and sold at a discount to their nominal 
amount and will not bear interest. Bills will have a maximum 
final maturity of 13 months when issued.  
CSD Agent  
Kvika banki hf., or any other institution appointed as such as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms, in its capacity as a Nasdaq

--- Page 20 ---
18 
 
CSD Iceland system account operator or an account operator 
with any other clearing system as applicable.  
Day Count Fraction 
The convention used for determining the number of days in each 
Interest Period, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Dealer 
Kvika banki hf., or any other institution appointed as such as set 
out in the applicable Final Terms. 
Discount Yield 
In relation to Bills, the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Interest Payment Date 
The due date(s) of interest payment(s) , as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms 
Interest Period 
The period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or 
the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date 
 
Investor or Security 
Holder 
The registered owners of the Securities issued under the 
Programme. 
Issue Currency 
The Currency in which the Securities are issued, as specified in 
the Final Terms 
Issue Price 
The price, generally expressed as a percentage of the nominal 
amount of the Securities, at which a Tranche of Securities will 
be issued. 
Listing Agent 
The Issuer, Kvika banki hf. or any other institution appointed as 
such as set out in the applicable Final Terms who manages and 
submits the application for admittance to trading of the 
Securities  
Maturity Date 
As specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Maturity Date 
The day on which all principal and/or interest must be repaid 
Paying Agent 
The Issuer, Kvika banki hf. or any other institution appointed as 
such as set out in the applicable Final Terms 
Principal Amount 
Outstanding 
The remaining amount of principal at each time and any other 
amount which is inherently principal 
Principal Payment Date 
The due date(s) of principal payment(s), as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms 
Reference Interest Rate 
The reference interest rate benchmark used to determine the 
variable interest rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms

--- Page 21 ---
19 
 
Relevant Screen Page 
The page, section or other part of a particular information 
service specified in the relevant Final Terms for the purpose of 
displaying the Reference Interest Rate 
Regulated Market 
Means a medium for the exchange of goods or services over 
which a government body exerts a level of control.  
Security Holder 
Representative 
A party responsible for representing Security Holders of the 
applicable Securities, as specified in the applicable Final Terms 
Issue Denomination 
In respect of a Series of Securities, the denomination or 
denominations of such Securities as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Terms and Conditions or 
Conditions 
The terms and conditions of the Securities. 
Voting Securities 
Voting Securities means the aggregate nominal amount of the 
total number of Securities not redeemed or otherwise 
deregistered in the applicable CSD less the Securities owned by 
the Issuer, any party who has decisive influence over the Issuer 
or any party over whom the Issuer has decisive influence.

--- Page 22 ---
20 
 
 
3.2 
Terms and Conditions of the Securities 
Condition 1: 
Applicable for all 
Securities 
Form and payment format 
Securities issued under the Programme are in uncertificated and 
dematerialised book entry form form issued electronically in a Central 
Securities Depository, Nasdaq CSD Iceland, or any other CSD as 
decided by the Issuer and set out in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Calculation Agent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, will 
carry out all calculation of payments in relation to the Securities. On 
each applicable Maturity Date payments of principal and any 
applicable additional payments as defined in the Final Terms will be 
made by the Paying Agent to the account operator where the 
registered owners of the Securities have an electronic securities 
account (an electronic securities account is understood as an account 
in the sense of Act no. 7/2020 on Central Securities Depositories, 
Settlement and Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments. (the 
Act on Central Securities Depositories, Settlement and Electronic 
Registration of Financial Instruments) or to the Security Holders 
themselves as shown in the relevant records of the Nasdaq CSD 
Iceand or any other CSD as decided by the Issuer and specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  
If an Interest and/or Principal Payment Date falls on a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are not open for 
general business. Security Holders shall not be entitled to payment 
until the next following day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments and are open for general business 
(a banking day). Security Holders shall not be entitled to any interest 
or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
 
Condition 2: 
Applicable for all 
Securities 
Denomination. currency and maturities 
Securities may be issued are in whichever currency specified in the 
applicable Final Terms as the Issue Currency.  
Securities may be issued in whichever denominations decided by the 
Issuer and specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the 
minimum denomination of each Security will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Issue Currency.

--- Page 23 ---
21 
 
Further, the Securities will have such maturities as decided by the 
Issuer and set out in the applicable Final Terms, save for Bills which 
will have a maximum final maturity of 13 months from the Issue Date.  
 
Condition 3: 
Applicable for all 
Securities 
Prioritisation 
The Securities are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu among 
themselves and with all other obligations of the Issuer that have been 
provided the same priority (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law, if any). Payment may therefore not be made to 
Security Holders in respect to a Series of Securities unless the same 
percentage is paid to all Security Holders of that particular Series.  
 
Condition 4: 
Payments 
Condition 4.1 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
have 
annuity payments and 
a fixed rate of interest 
Annuity Bonds 
Payments of principal shall be made using an annuity method as 
specified in the Final Terms, which shall specify the number and 
frequency of installments, the first Principal Payment Date and the 
Maturity Date. 
Condition 
4.1a: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
have 
annuity 
payments 
and indexation is 
applicable 
The following equation shall be used for the calculation of principal 
payments on each Principal Payment Date: 
 
 
Where: 
A = the amount of each principal payment 
r = c / (number of Principal Payment Dates each year) 
c = base interest rate on the bonds 
h = the Principal Amount Outstanding  
n = total number of Principal Payment Dates 
k = number of principal payments paid on the Securities + 1 (k = 0 on 
the Issue Date, k = 1 on the first Principal Payment Date etc.). 
IR (index adjustment) = 
Value of index on the Principal Payment Date
Base value of index

--- Page 24 ---
22 
 
Condition 4.1b: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
have 
annuity 
payments 
and indexation is not 
applicable 
The following equation shall be used for the calculation of principal 
payments on each Principal Payment Date: 
 
 
Where: 
A = the amount of each principal payment 
r = c / (number of Principal Payment Dates each year) 
c = base interest rate on the bonds 
h = the Principal Amount Outstanding  
n = total number of Principal Payment Dates 
k = number of principal payments paid on the Securities + 1 (k = 0 on 
the Issue Date, k = 1 on the first Principal Payment Date etc.). 
Condition 4.2 
Applicable 
if 
Securities have equal 
principal payments or 
one 
payment 
of 
principal 
on 
the 
Maturity Date 
Equal Principal Payment Bonds 
Payments of principal shall be made in equal installments as specified 
in the Final Terms, which shall specify the number and frequency of 
installments, the first Principal Payment Date and the Maturity Date. 
Condition 4.2a: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities have equal 
principal payments 
or one payment of 
principal 
at 
the 
maturity date and 
indexation 
is 
applicable 
The following equation shall be used for the calculation of principal 
payments on each Principal Payment Date: 
A = 
ℎ
𝑛 x IR 
Where: 
A = the amount payable on each Principal Payment Date 
h = the Principal Amount Outstanding 
n = number of Principal Payment Dates 
IR (index adjustment) = 
Value of index on the Principal Payment Date
Base value of index

--- Page 25 ---
23 
 
Condition 4.2b: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities have equal 
principal payments 
or one payment of 
principal 
at 
the 
maturity date and 
indexation 
is 
not 
applicable 
The following equation shall be used for the calculation of principal 
payments on each Principal Payment Date: 
A = 
ℎ
𝑛  
Where: 
A = the amount payable on each Principal Payment Date 
h = the Principal Amount Outstanding 
n = number of Principal Payment Dates 
 
Condition 5: 
Prepayment authorisation 
Condition 
5.1: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
allow 
prepayment 
The Issuer may unilaterally advance payment of the Securities in part 
or in full, as specified in the applicable Final Terms  
Condition 
5.2: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
do 
not 
allow prepayment 
The Issuer may not advance payment of the Securities before the 
Maturity Date without the consent of all Security Holders in the 
applicable Series of Securities.  
 
Condition 6: 
Interest 
Condition 6.1: 
If stated as applicable 
in Final Terms 
Payment of interest shall be in the manner specified in the Final 
Terms. 
If an Interest Payment Date falls on a day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are not open for general 
business, payment shall be made the next day on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets are open. 
Condition 6.2: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities are Bills 
Bills are sold at a discount yield, as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms for each tranche of Securities, in the form of a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Condition 
6.3: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
have 
a 
Fixed Interest Rate 
A fixed annual rate of interest is paid of the Securities‘ Principal 
Amount Outstanding at each time, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Interest shall be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the applicable rate of interest to the Principal Amount

--- Page 26 ---
24 
 
Outstanding and multiplying such sum by the applicable day count 
fraction as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Condition 
6.4: 
Applicable 
if 
Securities 
have 
a 
variable interest rate 
A variable rate of interest is paid of the Securities‘ Principal Amount 
Outstanding at each time, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The variable rate of interest is determined by the Reference Interest 
Rate stated in the Final Terms as well as the spread or deduction 
specified in the Final Terms. For each Interest Period, the value of the 
reference rate shall be determined on the Interest Determination Date 
as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of the relevant Interest Period 
by applying the applicable reference interest rate adjusted for the 
applicable spread or deduction to the Principal Amount Outstanding 
and multiplying such sum by the applicable day count fraction as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Condition 6.5: 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
The calculation of interest shall be carried out in accordance with the 
day count fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
if Actual/365 (also Act/365) is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 
365 (or, if any portion of that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the 
sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366, and (ii) the actual number 
of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365;  
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the 
case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap year, 366;  
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360;  
if 30/360, 360/360 or bond basis is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360 (the 
number of days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days 
with 12 30-day months). 
Condition 6.6: 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
If payment is not made on the applicable due date,  Maturity Date of 
the Securities, Security Holders may collect default interests on the 
amount payable, as published by the Central Bank of Iceland pursuant

--- Page 27 ---
25 
 
to Act No. 38/2001 on Interests and Indexation from the due date and 
until the date of actual payment. 
Condition 7: 
Indexation 
Condition 
7.1: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
The Securities are linked to the index stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, calculated using the base rate as set out in the applicable Final 
Terms 
Condition 7.1a: If 
index is calculated 
daily 
The index value of each maturity date is calculated by linear bridging 
between the values of the index which is valid in the month in which 
the relevant maturity date belongs to and the value of the indexation 
index for the following month. 
The following equation defines the calculation of each daily index 
value: 
 
 
Where: 
M = the month to which the due date belongs 
d = number of days from the start date of month M until the due date, 
based on the day count fraction 30/360 
D = number of days in month M, based on the 30/360 day count 
fraction 
Vd * = daily index on interest maturities 
VM = value of the indexation index in month M 
VM + 1 = value of the index next month after month M. 
Condition 7.1b: If 
index is calculated 
monthly 
The index value of each Principal Payment Date is the value of the 
index that is valid in the month in which the relevant due date belongs 
to. 
 
Condition 8: 
General Obligations 
Condition 
8.1: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Change of operations 
The Issuer shall ensure that no major changes are made to the general 
activities and nature of the Issuer‘s operations from the Issue Date of 
the Securities until the Maturity Date

--- Page 28 ---
26 
 
Condition 
8.2: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Continuation of Nasdaq Iceland listing 
The Issuer‘s share capital shall remain listed on the Nasdaq Iceland 
Main Market until the Maturity Date of the Securities 
 
Condition 
8.3: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Listing of Securities 
The Securities are to be listed on the market stated in the applicable 
Final Terms within the timeframe specified in the applicable Final 
Terms and shall not be de-listed before their Maturity Date 
 
Condition 9: 
Financial Covenants 
Condition 
9.1: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Cash Flow Available For Debt Servicing (CFADS) 
The Issuer shall maintain a CFADS ratio equal or higher to the ratio 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, as calculated at the end of any 
quarter as per issued financial statements. 
CFADS is calculated by taking Group EBITDA and subtracting 
capital expenditure and tax payments. 
Condition 
9.2: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Equity ratio 
The Issuer shall maintain an equity ratio equal or higher to the ratio 
specified in the applicable Final Terms as calculated at the end of any 
quarter as per issued financial statements  
The 
equity 
ratio 
is 
calculated 
 by 
dividing 
total 
shareholders' equity by the total assets of the company. 
Condition 9.3:  If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Disposal of Assets 
 
The Issuer shall not sell or otherwise dispose of its consolidated 
assets or rights which support ≥5% of his annual income.  
 
The aforementioned shall not be deemed to apply to the Issuer‘s sale 
of assets and rights related to inventory, where such sales are in line 
with the Issuer‘s regular operations as at the Issue Date of the 
Securities 
Condition 9.4:  If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Test dates 
The applicable financial covenants shall be tested according to the 
test frequency specified in the Final Terms and compliance confirmed 
by the Issuer to the Security Holder Representative by issuance of a 
confirmation 
certificate 
delivered 
to 
the 
Security 
Holder 
Representative on behalf of Security Holders.

--- Page 29 ---
27 
 
Condition 
10: 
If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Events of default 
The Issuer commits to comply with the following events of default, 
as applicable and specified in the applicable Final Terms for each 
Series of Securities: 
Condition 10.1: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Deferred Payment  
If payment of interest and/or principal has not been delivered within 
the rectification period, specified in the Final Terms and counted in 
days after the due date, given that the Security Holder has provided 
the Issuer, with reasonable notice, verifiable confirmation of their 
ownership of a custody account with a CSD account operator in 
Iceland together with a bank account linked with the aformentioned 
custody account.  
Condition 10.2: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Default of financial obligations 
If the Issuer defaults or fails to make any payment on any financial 
obligations, provided that the aggregate nominal amount of any single 
obligation is more or equal to the amount stated in the Final Terms 
(or its equivalent in any other currency) or collectively more or equal 
to the amount stated in the Final Terms (or its equivalent in any other 
currency) at the due date of the obligations, given that the Issuer has 
not delivered payment within the rectification period, specified in the 
Final Terms and counted in days after the due date. 
This does not apply if such non-compliance is due to the Issuer’s 
justifiable objections to such a claim, given that appropriate defences 
are maintained. 
Condition 10.3: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Special Conditions and covenants:  
If the Issuer does not comply with: 
i) General obligations (if Condition 8, in part or in whole, is 
applicable to the Securities and specified in the Final Terms) 
ii) Financial covenants (if Condition 9, in part or in whole, is 
applicable to the Securities and specified in the Final Terms) 
Unless,  
a) Such non-compliance can be remedied; and 
b) The non-compliance is remedied withing the rectification 
period specified in the Final Terms, counted in days from the 
day that the Issuer becomes becomes aware or is notified of 
the non-compliance, whichever comes sooner.

--- Page 30 ---
28 
 
Condition 10.4: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
In the event of non-compliance: 
If an event of default occurs, as described above, Security Holders 
may request a meeting of security holders to decide whether the 
Securities shall be deemed due and payable. The meeting shall be held 
by the Issuer if a Security Holder Representative has not been 
appointed. If a Security Holder Representative has been appointed 
and becomes aware of an event of non-compliance, the representative 
is obliged to call a meeting of security holders, as is further described 
in section 11.5 
An individual bondholder does not have a unilateral the right to 
declare their Securities due and payable. All acceleration 
authorizations listed in this Condition 10 are subject to Investors 
holding a minimum share of Voting Securities, as specified in the 
Final Terms, agreeing to declare the applicable Series of Securities 
due and payable during a meeting of securityholders. 
The Final Terms shall specify the minimum share of Voting 
Securities required for agreement and the timeframe within which a 
security holder meeting must be called.  
 
Condition 11: 
Other Terms and Contitions 
Condition 11.1: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Representation of Security Holders 
The Issuer shall in the Final Terms specify a party responsible for 
representing Security Holders of the applicable Securities, further 
information as applicable, contact information and means of 
contacting the Security Holder Representative and a website to access 
to the contracts relating to the representation 
The Security Holder Representative convenes meetings of all 
applicable Security Holders, following a request from a Security 
Holder(s) and shall always convene meetings with a minimum notice 
of 7 days. Security Holder Representative sends out a notification to 
the Issuer, who on the same day must pass it onto Nasdaq Iceland hf. 
to be posted on the stock exchange’s newsfeed. If trading has not 
started on the Securities, this information shall be sent to Security 
Holders though the intermediary of CSD system account operators.  
Condition 11.2: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Alteration of Terms 
The Issuer may request an alteration to the Terms of the Securities. 
All changes to the Terms and Conditions are subject to Investors 
holding a minimum share of Voting Securities, as specified in the

--- Page 31 ---
29 
 
Final Terms, agreeing to the alteration in a legally called meeting of 
Security Holders. as per Condition 11.5  
The Issuer shall notify the applicable CSD and  of any alterations to 
the terms of the bond issue and meeting documents and all results 
shall be published through the Nasdaq Iceland newsfeed or through 
CSD system account operators as applicable. 
Condition 11.3: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Permission to puchase own Securities 
The Issuer may purchase the Securities, in part or in full, on the 
aftermarket. The Issuer, and any person associated with or related to 
the Issuer, may at any time purchase the Securities, in part or in full, 
at any price. Securities purchased under this Condition 7.3 may be 
held, resold or cancelled at the discretion of the purchaser. 
Condition 11.4: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Limitation Period 
The limitation period for claims pursuant to the Securities is ten years 
in the case of principal and 4 years in the case of interest from the due 
date, in accordance with Paragraph 1, Article 5 of Act no. 150/2007 
on the limitation periods for claims. The limitation period for claims 
of interests and price level adjustments is four years from the due date 
in accordance with Article 3 of the same act.  
 
Condition 11.5: If 
stated as applicable in 
Final Terms 
Notice of Default 
The Issuer shall notify Security Holders of any event of default  as 
per the Terms and Conditions of the Securities. The Issuer shall 
publish a notice in the reporting system of Nasdaq Iceland or any 
other applicable market as specified in the Final Terms, if the 
Securities have been accepted for trading. If the Securities are 
unlisted the Issuer shall  submit such a notice to the applicable CSD  
as stated in the Final Terms, which will transmit the information to  
Security Holders. 
If a Security Holder Representative has been appointed for the 
Securities, the Issuer shall notify the Security Holder Representative 
of any events of default (and any actions taken in order to remedy 
them, if applicable) as soon as possible.  
Condition 11.6:  
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Meetings of Security Holders 
If a Security Holder Representative has not been appointed, The 
Issuer may convene meetings of the Security Holders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including sanctioning by a majority of 
votes a modification of the Securities. Such a meeting may be

--- Page 32 ---
30 
 
convened by the Issuer or by Investors holding not less than 10% of 
Voting Securities.  
Meetings of Security Holders shall be convened within 30 days of a 
request by Investors holding not less than 10% of Voting Securities 
and must always be convened with a minimum notice of 7 days via 
notice to the Nasdaq Iceland newsfeed. If trading has not started on 
the Securities, this information shall be sent to Security Holders 
though the intermediary of CSD system account operators. Similarly, 
meeting documents and results shall be published through the Nasdaq 
Iceland newsfeed or through CSD system account operators as 
applicable. 
Condition 11.7: 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Access to information 
The Issuer, Paying Agent and the Security Holder’s Representative 
are permitted to obtain and receive information about the registered 
Security Holders at any given time from a Central Securities 
Depository and any relevant CSD system account operator which 
each Security Holder has entrusted the custody of the applicable 
Securities 
Condition 11.8:  
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Transfer 
There are no restrictions on the transfer of Securities issued under the 
Programme. However, the Securities can only be transferred to 
named parties, and only account operators, as they are defined in Act 
no. 7/2020 on Central Securities Depositories, Settlement and 
Electronic Registration of Financial Instruments, are permitted to act 
as intermediaries in the transfer of their ownership. The registration 
of electronic security certificates in a CSD system grants their owners 
legal authority to the rights for which they are registered. 
Condition 11.9 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Laws governing the issuance of the Securities 
The Securities are issued in accordance with Act no. 93/1993 on Bills 
and/or Act no. 108/2007 on Securities Transactions. Additionally, 
Act no. 131/1997 on Electronic Registration of Rights of Title to 
Securities (the “Act on Electronic Registration of Rights of Title to 
Securities”) and Act no. 38/2001 on interest and price indexation may 
apply to the Bonds. Further, Act no.150/2007 on the limitation 
periods for claims may be applicable on a case by case basis. The 
Bonds are otherwise subject to Icelandic laws. 
Condition 11.10 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Taxation

--- Page 33 ---
31 
 
The issuance is electronically registered with Nasdaq CSD Iceland. 
The custodian of the relevant Securities must calculate and withhold 
withholding tax on capital gains.  
Prospective investors should note that the tax legislation of the 
Investor‘s Member State and of the Issuer‘s country of incorporation 
may have an impact on the income received from the Securities 
Condition 11.11 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Notices 
All notices regarding the Securities will be valid if published in a 
manner which complies with the rules and regulations of the relevant 
act which apply to publicly listed securities and/or any stock 
exchange and/or any other relevant authority on which the Securities 
are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to 
trading. Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication. The Issuer can additionally at its own 
discretion obtain information from the Nasdaq CSD Iceland or any 
other clearing system as decided by the Issuer, on the Security 
Holders in order to send notices to each Security Holder directly.  
Notices given by Security Holders shall be in writing and given by 
lodging the same, together with the relevant Security or Securities.   
Condition 11.12:  
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Rights attached to the Securities 
No rights are attached to the Securities 
Condition 11.13 
Applicable 
to 
all 
Securities 
Disputes 
The Securities are subject to Icelandic law. Litigation arising from 
this bond issue may be conducted in the District Court of Reykjavík 
according to the provisions of Chapter XVII of Act no. 91/1991 on 
Civil Procedure.

--- Page 34 ---
32 
 
4 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Bonds 
issued under the Programme.  
[Date] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN 
ECONOMIC AREA AND THE UNITED KINGDOM –  
The Securities are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area (“EEA”) or in the United Kingdom. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended) (the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Securities or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA or in the 
United Kingdom has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Securities or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA or in the United Kingdom may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended) (“MiFID II”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market, and repealing Directive 2003/71/EC.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties and Professional Clients Only 
Target Market  
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the 
Securities is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Securities to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [specify further target market 
criteria] [specify negative target market, if applicable.] Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Securities (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer's target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Eligible Counterparties, Professional Clients and Retail 
Clients Target Market  
Solely for the purposes of the manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
assessment in respect of the Securities has led to the conclusion that (i) the target market for the 
Securities is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”), and [(ii) all channels for distribution of the 
[Securities] are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised

--- Page 35 ---
33 
 
services and execution-only]] [(ii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities are 
appropriate: investment advice [,] [and] portfolio management [,] [and] [non-advised services] 
[and execution-only]] [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional 
clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution of the Securities to retail 
clients are appropriate: investment advice [,] [and] portfolio management [,] [and] [nonadvised 
services] [and execution-only] [, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]. [specify further target market criteria] [specify 
negative target market, if applicable]] Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a “Distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer's 
target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or 
refining the manufacturer's target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.]

--- Page 36 ---
34 
 
[Date] 
Final Terms 
[Ticker] 
Issued by Iceland Seafood International hf. (LEI: 254900CJS0OI5B8GO668) under the ISK 
9,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme on [Issue date] 
Tranche number [Tranche] of Series number [number of Series]  
issued under the Programme 
  
PART A: CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of 
the Securities set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 19 July 2021 and any supplements if applicable. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Securities described herein for the purposes of Article 8 (2) of 
the Prospectus Regulation, as amended (which includes the amendments made by Regulation 
2017/1129/EU) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus and any supplements, if 
applicable, which constitute a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. Full 
information on the Issuer and the offer of the Securities is only available on the basis of the combination of 
these Final Terms, the Base Prospectus and any supplements, if applicable. The Base Prospectus, any 
supplements and the Final Terms are available for viewing at the Issuer's website, www.icelandseafood.com 
and at the office of the Issuer at Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavík, Iceland.1. Form, Denomination 
and Currency 
a)  Issue Denomination 
[ ] 
b) Issue Currency 
[ ] 
c) Aggregate nominal amount 
 
i. Tranche 
[ ] 
ii. Series 
[ ] 
d) Issue Price 
[ ]% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
e) Clearing System 
The Securities are electronically registered with the [Nasdaq CSD 
Iceland/specify other] 
f) Calculation Agent 
[Issuer/Specify other (name and address)] 
g) Paying Agent 
[Issuer/Specify other (name and address)] 
h) Approval for the Issuance of 
the Securities: 
[The Securities are issued on the basis of an approval of the Issuer’s 
board of directors dated [ ]/Specify other]

--- Page 37 ---
35 
 
2. Payments 
a) Redemption/Payment basis: 
[Subject to any purchase or cancellation or early redemption, the 
Securities will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at [ ] per cent. of 
their nominal amount] 
[Annuity Securities, Condition 4.1 and [4.1a/4.1b] applies to the 
calculation and arrangement of payments of the Principal amount 
outstanding] 
[Equal Principal Payment Bonds, Condition 4.2 and [4.2a/4.2b] 
applies to the calculation and arrangement of payments of the 
Principal amount outstanding] 
b) Total number of Principal 
Payment Dates: 
[ ] 
c) Principal Payment Date(s): 
[The [ ] day(s) in [each month/the month(s) of [ ]] in each year up to 
and including the Maturity Date / Specify other]  
d) First Principal Payment 
Date: 
[ ] 
e) Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
 
3. Prepayment 
a) Prepayment: 
[Condition 5.2 applies, the Issuer may not advance payment of the 
Securities before their maturity/ Condition 5.1 applies. the Issuer may 
advance payment of the Securities under the following restrictions] 
(If not Issuer may not advance payment, delete the remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
b) Optional Prepayment dates 
[Each Principal Payment Date/Specify other] 
c) Mininum prepayment 
amount 
[[ ] [on each Principal Payment Date/during the lifetime of the 
Securities]/Specify other] 
d) Maximum prepayment 
amount 
[[ ] [on each Principal Payment Date/during the lifetime of the 
Securities]/Specify other] 
e) Prepayment penalty 
[[ ]% of the amount advanced, in excess of the contractual interest 
and principal payment/Specify other] 
f) Notice Period (if other than 
as set out in the Terms and 
Conditions): 
[[ ]/Not Applicable]

--- Page 38 ---
36 
 
4. Interest basis 
a) Bills sold at a discount 
[Conditions 6.1 and 6.2 apply, Bills sold at a discount/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
i. Discount Yield 
[ ]% per annum equivalent to [ ]% simple interest 
ii. Reference Price 
[Issue Price/specify other] 
b) Fixed Interest 
[Conditions 6.1 and 6.3 apply, fixed interest rate of [ ]% per annum/ 
Not Applicable] 
c) Variable Interest 
[Conditions 6.1 and 6.4 apply /Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
i.Reference Interest Rate 
[ ]  
ii. Margin 
[[+/-] %] 
iii. Interest Determination 
Date 
[Two business days prior to the start of each Interest Period/Specify 
other] 
iv. Relevant Screen Page 
[ ] 
v. Change of Reference 
Interest Rate 
[[In the event that the Reference Interest Rate were discontinued or 
otherwise unavailable the rate of interest of the Securities which 
reference such Reference Interest Rate will be determined for the 
period by: 
i) reference to a rate which the Central Bank of Iceland 
determined is a successor to or replacement of the Reference 
Interest Rate 
ii) in the absence of the Central Bank of Iceland’s determination 
of a successor to or replacement of the Reference Interest Rate, 
reference to a rate an independent adviser determines is a 
successor to or replacement of the Reference Interest Rate. 
Independent adviser shall mean an independent financial 
institution of international repute or other independent 
financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital 
markets, in each case appointed by the Issuer at its own 
expense.] 
 [Specify other]]

--- Page 39 ---
37 
 
d) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[The [ ] day(s) in [each month/the month(s) of [ ]] in each year up to 
and including the Maturity Date / Specify other/Not Applicable]  
e) Interest Commencement 
Date 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
f) First Interest Payment Date: 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
g) Total number of Interest 
Payment Dates 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
h) Day Count Fraction 
[[ ]/Not Applicable] 
 
5. Indexation 
a) Indexation: 
[The Securities are indexed, Condition 7.1[a/b] applies/Not 
Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
i. Base Index 
 [Specify Index] calculated [daily/monthly] 
ii. Base Value 
[value], being the value of the [Specify Index] on [date] 
 
6. General Obligations 
a) Applicable Terms 
[Not Applicable/ 
[Change of operations, Condition 8.1 applies] 
[Continuation of listing, Condition 8.2 applies] 
[Listing of Securities, Condition 8.3 applies.  
Securities shall be listed on the [market] within [ ] months from the 
Issue date ] ] 
 
7. Financial Covenants 
a) Applicable Terms 
[Not Applicable/ 
[CFADS, Condition 9.1 applies 
The Issuer shall maintain a CFADS ratio of ≥ [ ]% ] 
[Equity Ratio, Condition 9.2 applies

--- Page 40 ---
38 
 
The Issuer shall maintain as equity ratio of ≥ [ ]% ] 
[Disposal of assets, Condition 9.3 applies] 
[Test dates, Condition 9.4 applies 
Testing days are as follows [specify] ] ] 
8. Events of Default 
a) Applicable Terms 
[Not Applicable/ 
[Events of Default, Condition 10 applies] 
[Deferred Payment, Condition 10.1 applies 
Rectification period [ ] [banking] days] 
[Default of financial obligations, Condition 10.2 applies 
Minimum amount of a single obligation ≥ [ ] 
Minimum collective amount of obligations ≥ [ ] 
Rectification period [ ] [banking] days ] 
[Special Conditions and covenants, Condition 10.3 applies 
Rectification period [ ] [banking] days] 
[In the event of non-compliance, Condition 10.4 applies 
Meeting of Security Holders shall be held within [ ] days from the day 
the Issuer receives a request to that effect from a Security Holder or 
the day that the Issuer becomes becomes aware or is notified of non-
compliance, whichever comes first.  
Investors holding a minimum share of [ ]% of Voting Securities must 
agree to declare the applicable Series of Securities due and payable as 
the Issuer has breached Condition 10.1 Deferred Payment 
Investors holding a minimum share of [ ]% of Voting Securities must 
agree to declare the applicable Series of Securities due and payable as 
the Issuer has breached Condition 10.2 Default of financial obligations 
Investors holding a minimum share of [ ]% of Voting Securities must 
agree to declare the applicable Series of Securities due and payable as 
the Issuer has breached Condition 10.3 Special conditions and 
covenants ] ] 
 
9. Other Conditions

--- Page 41 ---
39 
 
a) Applicable Terms 
[Not Applicable/ 
[Representation of Security Holders, Condition 11.1 applies 
Name. address and contact information of Representatice of Security 
Holders, website where the public may have free access to the 
contracts relating to the representation] 
[Alteration of Terms, Condition 11.2 applies 
[ ]% share of Voting Securities is required for to agree a change in 
the Terms of the Securities.  
[ ]% share of Voting Securities required for changes in Terms 
regarding final settlement amounts and payments of interest and/or 
principal ] 
[Purchase of Securities, Condition 11.3 applies] 
[Limitation Period, Condition 11.4 applies]  
[Notice of Default, Condition 11.5 applies]] 
10. General Provisions appliable to the Securities 
a) Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Days: 
[Not Applicable/give details]  
 
(Note that this item relates to the place of payment and not 
Interest Period end dates) 
b) Other Final Terms: 
[Not Applicable/ Specify other]  
(When adding any other final terms consideration should be 
given as to whether such terms constitute significant new 
factors and consequently trigger the need for supplements to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation) 
c) Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
i. 
If 
syndicated, 
names 
of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
ii. 
Stabilizing Manager (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
iii. 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Kvika banki hf., Katrínartúni 2, 105 Reykjavík, Iceland. 
LEI: 254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84/Specify other] 
d) Additional selling restrictions:

--- Page 42 ---
40 
 
PART B: OTHER INFORMATION 
1. Listing and admission to trading 
 
a) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made for the Securities to 
be 
admitted 
to 
trading 
on 
[Nasdaq 
Iceland/specify other] with effect from [ ]/ [Not 
Applicable]] 
b) 
Type of Securities to be listed 
[Bills/Bonds/Specify other] 
c) 
Nominal value of Securities to be 
admitted to trading: 
[ ] 
d) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading 
[ ] 
e) 
Markets where securities of the same 
class are already admitted to trading 
[Nasdaq Iceland/specify other/None] 
f) 
Listing Agent 
[Kvika banki hf., Katrínartúni 2, 105 Reykjavík, 
Iceland. 
LEI: 
254900WR3I1Z9NPC7D84/(specify other)] 
 
 
2. Interests of natural and legal persons involved with the Issue 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealer/Advisor], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the issue of the Securities has an interest material to the issue./Specify Other]    
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
 
3. Use of Proceeds, Estimated net proceeds and total expenses 
 
Use of proceeds: 
[For general funding purposes of the Issuer] 
[Specify other] 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[ ] 
Estimated total expenses: 
[ ]

--- Page 43 ---
41 
 
4. Yield (Fixed Rate Bonds only) 
 
Indication of yield: 
[ ]% per annum 
(Note: The yield is calculated as on the Issue Date 
on the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an 
indication of future yield.) 
 
5. Historic Interest Rates (Floating Rate Bonds only) 
[Not Applicable/Details of historic [insert applicable Reference Rate] rates can be obtained from 
[Give details].]  
6. Performance of CPI, Explanation of effect on value of investment and associated risks and 
other information concerning the underlying (Inflation Linked Securities only) 
[Not Applicable/The general cash flow of the Securities is determined in real terms on the Issue Date. 
The nominal value of each future payment depends on the development of the CPI as demonstrated 
by the formulas in Conditions 6.2(b) and 6.3(b) in the Terms and Conditions.  
The Icelandic Consumer Price Index (CPI) is produced based on data from Statistics Iceland. 
Information about the CPI can be obtained from the website of Statistics of Iceland being 
https://statice.is/publications/indices-overview/. 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information (specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained)/does not intend to provide post-issuance information]]

--- Page 44 ---
42 
 
7. Operational Information 
 
a) 
ISIN Code 
[ ] 
b) 
Common Code 
[ ] 
c) 
CFI 
[ ]  
d) 
FISN 
[ ]  
e) 
Delivery 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
f) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes/No]  
[Note that the designation “yes” simply means that 
the Securities are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the international CSD‘s as 
common safekeeper and does not necessarily mean 
that the Securities will be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon satisfaction 
of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.] 
[include this text if “yes” selected in which case the 
Bonds must be issued in NGN form.] 
 
RESPONSIBILITY The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final 
Terms. [[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms 
that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading].  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer:  
 
By: ……………………………………………………………………  
Duly authorized

--- Page 45 ---
43 
 
5 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Should certain Securities constitute ‘packaged retail investment products’ under the PRIIPs 
Regulation such Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the EEA or the United Kingdom or in Iceland (following transposition of the PRIIPs 
Regulation), unless a key information document required under the PRIIPs Regulation has been 
prepared for the Security in question.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any 
Securities in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or 
solicitation in such jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering 
material may not be distributed or published in any jurisdiction where such distribution would 
require any additional prospectus, registration or measures other than those required under 
Icelandic law and regulations, or otherwise conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. 
Likewise, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly in any jurisdiction, except 
under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. 
Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come must inform 
themselves about and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Securities. The Issuer does not accept any legal responsibility for 
any violation by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Securities is aware of 
such restrictions. In particular, this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United 
States, Australia, Canada, Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction 
in which it would not be permissible to deliver the Securities and the Securities may not be 
offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, directly or indirectly, in or into any of these 
countries 
United States 
The Securities have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the 
Securities may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to a U.S. person.  
The Issuer and any applicable Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the 
Securities, in whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer 
to any person in the United States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person 
outside the United States to any U.S. person or to any other per son within the United States, is 
unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written consent of the Issuer of any of its 
contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is prohibited.  
EEA and United Kingdom 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA and United Kingdom Retail Investors 
The Issuer and any Dealers appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that they have not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Securities which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area or in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision:

--- Page 46 ---
44 
 
a. the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:  
 
i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); or  
ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or  
iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and  
 
b. the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of 
sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Securities to be offered so as to 
enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Securities. 
Further, in relation to the United Kingdom, the Issuer and any Dealers appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that:  
(a) in relation to any Securities which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Securities other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in 
acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the 
purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Securities would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer;  
(b) it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause 
to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Securities in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; 
and  
(c) it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Securities in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and any Dealers 
appointed under the Programme following a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. 
Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of 
Securities to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.  
No representation is made that any action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a 
public offering of any of Securities, or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any 
other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or jurisdiction where action for that 
purpose is required.

--- Page 47 ---
45 
 
The Issuer and any Dealers appointed under the Programme have and will agree that they shall, 
to the best of their knowledge, comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Securities or have in their possession 
or distribute the Base Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms therefore in all 
cases at their own expense.

--- Page 48 ---
46 
 
6 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
6.1 
Notice to investors 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (the Prospectus Regulation) as implemented 
in Iceland by Act no. 14/2020, the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 as implemented in 
Iceland and Act no. 108/2007 on Securities Transactions (the Act on Securities Transactions). This Base 
Prospectus has been approved by the FSA, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. The 
FSA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Securities issued under this Base Prospectus. Investors 
should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Securities. 
Following transposition of Directive 2014/65/EU on Markets in Financial Instruments (MiFID II) into 
Icelandic law, the Final Terms applicable to any Security may include a legend entitled “MiFID II Product 
Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Securities and which 
channels for distribution of the Securities is appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Securities (a Distributor) should take into consideration the Issuer's target market 
assessment. However, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Securities (by either adopting or refining the Issuer’s target market 
assessment) and adopting and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID II 
Product Governance rules under Commission Delegated Directive (EU) 2017/593 (the MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules), any dealer purchasing any Securities is a manufacturer in respect of such Securities, 
but otherwise neither the dealers nor any of their affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID II Product Governance Rules. 
Should certain Securities constitute ‘packaged retail investment products’ under Regulation (EU) 
1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 2014 on key information 
documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment products as amended (the PRIIPs 
Regulation) such Securities may not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the EEA or the United Kingdom or in Iceland (following transposition of the PRIIPs Regulation), unless 
a key information document required under the PRIIPs Regulation has been prepared for the Security in 
question.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Securities 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may not be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction where such distribution would require any additional prospectus, 
registration or measures other than those required under Icelandic law and regulations, or otherwise 
conflict with regulations in such jurisdiction. Likewise, no Securities may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Securities may come, 
must inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Securities. The Issuer does not accept any legal responsibility for any violation 
by any person, whether or not a prospective purchaser of the Securities is aware of such restrictions. In 
particular, this Base Prospectus may not be sent to any person in the United States, Australia, Canada, 
Japan, Hong Kong, South Africa, Singapore or any other jurisdiction in which it would not be permissible 
to deliver the Securities and the Securities may not be offered, sold, resold, transferred or delivered, 
directly or indirectly, in or into any of these countries (see chapter Selling Restrictions).

--- Page 49 ---
47 
 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared to provide clear and thorough information on the Issuer. Investors 
are encouraged to acquaint themselves thoroughly with this Base Prospectus. They are advised to pay 
particular attention to the section entitled Risk Factors. This Base Prospectus should by no means be 
viewed or construed as a promise by the Issuer or other parties of future success either in operations or 
return on investments. Investors are reminded that investing in securities entails risk, as the decision to 
invest is based on expectations and not promises. Investors must rely primarily on their own judgement 
regarding any decision to invest in the Issuer's Securities, bearing in mind, inter alia, the business 
environment in which it operates in, anticipated profits, external conditions and the risk inherent in the 
investment itself. Prospective investors are advised to contact experts, such as licensed financial 
institutions, to assist them in their assessment of the Securities as an investment option. Investors are 
advised to consider their legal status, including taxation issues that may concern the purchase or sale of 
the Securities and seek external and independent advice in that respect. 
The information contained in this Base Prospectus is based on information currently available. The Issuer 
will, as deemed necessary, supplement this Base Prospectus with updated information pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Otherwise, neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, 
sale or delivery of any Securities shall in any circumstances imply that the information contained herein 
concerning the Issuer is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in 
the document containing the same. Forward-looking statements made in this Base Prospectus involve 
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause the actual results, 
performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements 
expressed or implied by such forward looking statements.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Securities (i) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (ii) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Issuer, that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or any Securities, should purchase any Securities. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Securities should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Issuer. Neither the Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any 
Securities constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer to any person to subscribe for or 
to purchase any Securities. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
of information not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information 
supplied in connection with the Programme or the Securities and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer.  
The Securities are governed by Icelandic law and any disputes arising in relation to the Securities shall be 
settled exclusively by Icelandic courts in accordance with Icelandic law. 
This Base Prospectus may only be used for the purposes for which it has been published

--- Page 50 ---
48 
 
6.2 
Authorisation and size 
The Securities are issued on the basis of an approval of the Issuer’s board of directors dated 19 
April 2021.  
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Securities from time to time outstanding under 
the Programme will not exceed ISK 9,000,000,000, or its equivalence in other currencies, subject 
to increase. An increase in the size of the Programme is subject to an authorisation of the Issuer's 
Board of Directors. 
For the purpose of calculating the ISK equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Securities  
issued under the programme from time to time: 
a) 
the ISK equivalent of Securitiesdenominated in another Issue Currency than ISK (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the Securities) the ISK 
equivalent Securities shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, either as of 
the date on which agreement is reached for the issue of Securities or on the preceding 
day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in Iceland, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the ISK 
against purchase of such Issue Currency in the foreign exchange market quoted by 
any bank selected by the Issuer on the relevant day of calculation. 
b) 
Subject to any existing legal or regulatory restrictions in Iceland, the ISK equivalent 
of Securities adjusted for inflation shall be calculated in the manner specified above 
by reference to the original nominal amount issued of such Securities. 
c) 
the ISK equivalent of Bills, Securities with one payment on the Maturity (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to the relevant Securities) and 
other Securities issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner 
specified above by reference to the net proceeds received by the Issuer for the 
relevant issue.

--- Page 51 ---
49 
 
6.3 
Statement of persons responsible, on behalf of the Issuer  
Iceland Seafood and the Board of Directors hereby declare, on behalf of the Issuer, that, having 
taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information in this Registration 
Document is, to the best of Iceland Seafood's and the Board of Directors' knowledge, in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
 
Reykjavík, 19 July 2021  
 
For and on behalf of Iceland Seafood 
For and on behalf of Iceland Seafood 
 
 
Bjarni Ármannsson, 
CEO of Iceland Seafood 
Liv Bergþórsdóttir 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 
6.4 
Statutory Auditor 
The Issuer's audit firm is Deloitte ehf., registration number 521098-2449, Smáratorg 3, 201 
Kópavogur, Iceland (hereafter “Deloitte”). The Issuer's auditor is Ingvi Björn Bergmann State 
Authorised Public Accountant and member of the Institute of State Authorised Public 
Accountants in Iceland. Deloitte have been the Issuer's auditors for over fifteen years. 
Deloitte has audited the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019 and reviewed the interim financial statements for the six months ended 
30 June 2020 and 2019. The auditor’s report in the Consolidated Financial Statements of the 
Issuer for 2020 and 2019 and the review reports for the periods ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 
were signed with an unmodified opinion. 
6.5 
Advisors 
Kvika is Iceland Seafood's advisor in relation to the preparation of this Base Prospectus. Kvika 
has prepared the Prospectus in close co-operation with the Issuer's management, based on 
information provided by the Issuer. Kvika has not independently verified the information 
contained in the Prospectus. Additionally, Kvika might act as Iceland Seafood’s advisor and/or 
Dealer in regard to arranging the sale of Securities issued under the Programme to investors and 
the completion of all applicable documentation, if specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 52 ---
50 
 
6.6 
Information incorporated by reference 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated herein by reference. This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis 
that such documents are incorporated and form part of the Base Prospectus. The following 
information shall be incorporated by reference in, and form a part of this Base Prospectus and 
will remain available for at least 10 years after the publication of the Base Prospectus: 
Iceland Seafood's unaudited consolidated financial statements for the three months ended 
31.3.2021: 
https://attachment.news.eu.nasdaq.com/a33c2c23f7fc40aab2a34aff0f46aa793  
Iceland Seafood's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31.12.2020, 
together with the audit report thereon: 
https://newsclient.omxgroup.com/cds/DisclosureAttachmentServlet?showInline=true&message
AttachmentId=842426 
Iceland Seafood's reviewed condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six 
months ended 30.6.2020, together with the review report thereon: 
https://newsclient.omxgroup.com/cds/DisclosureAttachmentServlet?showInline=true&message
AttachmentId=789607 
Iceland Seafood's audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31.12.2019, 
together with the audit report thereon: 
https://newsclient.omxgroup.com/cds/DisclosureAttachmentServlet?showInline=true&message
AttachmentId=758683 
Iceland Seafood's reviewed condensed consolidated interim financial statements for the six 
months ended 30.6.2019, together with the review report thereon: 
https://newsclient.omxgroup.com/cds/DisclosureAttachmentServlet?showInline=true&message
AttachmentId=736495 
6.7 
Documents on display 
For 12 months from the date of the publication of the Base Prospectus, the following 
documents are available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer, and/or electronically 
on the Issuer's website, www.icelandseafood.com/Investors/Governance and 
www.icelandseafood.com/Investors/Financial :  
• 
The Base Prospectus, dated 31 May 2021, and any supplements thereto as applicable 
• 
The Issuer's Articles of Association 
• 
The Issuer's reviewed consolidated interim financial statements for the six months 
ended 30 June 2020 and 2019 
• 
The Issuer's audited consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 2019

--- Page 53 ---
51 
 
6.8 
Third Party Information 
Where third party information has been used in the Prospectus, the information has been 
accurately reproduced and the source of such information has been identified. As far as the Issuer 
is aware and able to ascertain from information published by those third parties, no facts have 
been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. When 
third party information has been used in the Prospectus, it has been on the basis of publicly 
available information which is cited in footnotes where applicable.  
6.9 
Listing, Validity and Access to Information  
The Base Prospectus is dated 19 July 2021 and is valid for 12 months from the date of the 
publication.  
Series of Securities issued under the Programme have been admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Nasdaq Iceland. Generally, an application will be submitted to Nasdaq Iceland for 
Securities issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the aforementioned market 
and references in this Base Prospectus to Securities being listed (and all related references) shall 
mean that such Securities have been admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Nasdaq 
Iceland unless otherwise specified. The Issuer may list the Securities on additional regulated 
markets, further, the Issuer may choose to forego listing. A statement on whether an application 
has been made to have the Securities listed on a regulated market will be included in the 
applicable Final Terms. The Securities will be delisted after their Maturity Date, unless otherwise 
notified by the Issuer.  
This Base Prospectus and copies of Final Terms relating to the Securities which are admitted to 
trading on a regulated market will be available on the website of the Issuer, 
www.icelandseafood.com. Investors can request printed copies of the Base Prospectus, free of 
charge, at the Issuer's registered office at Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavík, Iceland. 
Supplements to the Base Prospectus 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus one or more supplements may be prepared by 
the Issuer and approved by the FSA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Statements contained in any such supplements (or contained in any document incorporated by 
reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus. Any statement 
so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of 
this Base Prospectus.  
In the event of any significant factor arising or any material mistake or accuracy relating to the 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any 
Securities or any change in the condition of the Issuer which is material in the context of the 
Programme or the issue of Securities, the Issuer will prepare and publish a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus or publish a new prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of 
Securities.

--- Page 54 ---
52 
 
7 
THE ISSUER 
According to Article 3 of the Issuer's Articles of Association dated 18 March 2021, the objective 
of the Issuer is to be a holding company for shares in other companies, and to export seafood 
and seafood products, real estate management, and other similar operations. 
7.1 
About the Issuer 
Legal name: 
Iceland Seafood International hf. 
Commercial name: 
Iceland Seafood International 
Address: 
Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavík 
Reg. No.: 
 
611088-1329 
Legal form: 
A public limited company established under the 
Act on Public Limited Companies 
Domicile: 
Iceland 
Date of incorporation:  
19 October 1988 
Ticker symbol with Nasdaq Iceland: 
ICESEA 
ISIN-number: 
IS0000026961 
LEI: 
254900CJS0OI5B8GO668 
Website: 
www.icelandseafood.com3 
E-mail: 
info@icelandseafood.is 
Phone number: 
+ 354 550 8000 
 
7.2 
History and Development 
Iceland Seafood is a worldwide sales, production and marketing group for a variety of frozen, 
fresh, salted, dried, smoked and value-added seafood. The Issuer's headquarters are in Iceland 
with three operating divisions incorporating twelve subsidiaries in Northern and Southen Europe 
and North and South America. The Issuer is the descendant of three Icelandic associations, The 
Union of Icelandic Fish Producers (SIF), founded in 1932, the Herring Board, founded in 1935, 
and the Seafood Division of Samband of Iceland, founded in 1957.  
Iceland Seafood is a respected industry leading supplier of North Atlantic fish and seafood and 
a leading service provider in its markets. Iceland Seafood is one of the largest exporters of fish 
products from Iceland and a key processor of high-quality seafood in the Spanish, Irish and UK 
markets. 
In 2017 the Issuer reached an agreement with the founders and owners of Oceanpath Ltd, the 
leading fresh fish supplier to retailers in the Republic of Ireland, to purchase a 67% share in 
 
3 Information on the website does not form part of the Base Prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the document.

--- Page 55 ---
53 
 
Oceanpath with local management retaining the remaining 33%. The acquisition was finalised 
in March 2018.  
In September 2018 Iceland Seafood completed the acquisition of Solo Seafood ehf, the holding 
company for Icelandic Freezing Plants Iberica SAU (Icelandic Iberica) in Spain. Icelandic 
Iberica consists of the parent company Icelandic Iberica and subsidiaries Elaboración de 
Congelados Málaga S.A ( Ecomsa) in Spain an Achernar in Argentina. The previous owners of 
Solo Seafood are industry specialists and producers who all received shares in Iceland Seafood 
in return for their shares in Solo Seafood. The acquisition was a significant strategic step for the 
Issuer, in which major seafood players joined Iceland Seafood's shareholding group, creating an 
integrated supply chain through to the end customer. Icelandic Iberica has since been merged 
with Iceland Seafood’s other operations in Spain, creating a strong integrated company in the 
Southern European market.  
In October 2019 Iceland Seafood was listed on the Nasdaq Iceland main market, having 
previously been listed on the Nasdaq Iceland First North.  
In  2020 Iceland Seafood completed the purchase of Elba seafood ehf., a great addition to well 
positioned Southern European operation and announced the sale of its Málaga based subsidiary 
Ecomsa. In the same year, the Issuer acquired the remaining minority stakes in subsidiaries 
Havelok and Oceanpath, a 33% share in each respectively, and announced the merger of its two 
subsidiaries in the UK, Iceland Seafood Barraclough and Havelok under the name Iceland 
Seafood UK as well as a significant investment in processing and coldstore capacity to support 
the merged entity’s operations. 
Further, in November 2020 the Issuer’s subsidiary Oceanpath completed the acquisition of Carr 
& Sons Seafood Ltd, a significant seafood player in Ireland focused on the production of high 
quality smoked salmon products for Irish retail, and sister company Mondi Properties Ltd, which 
owns the production facilities. Iceland Seafood sees the acquisition of Carr & Sons as a great fit 
to the Issuer’s strategy to focus on growing value added activities in markets where the company 
has a strong platform and market position.  
7.3 
Subsidiaries and other investments 
The Issuer consists of Iceland Seafood, which is the parent company of the group, and its 
subsidiaries. At 31 December 2020 Iceland Seafood held shares in the following subsidiaries: 
Name of company 
Place of incorporation 
Ownership 31.12.2020 
Principal activity 
Subsidiaries 
 
 
 
Iceland Seafood ehf. 
Iceland 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Solo Export ehf. 
Iceland 
100% 
Not active 
Iceland Seafood Iberica S.A.U 
Spain 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
-Achernar S.A. 
Argentina 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Elba Seafood ehf. 
Iceland 
100% 
Holding 
-ELBA S.L. 
Spain 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Iceland Seafood Barraclough Ltd. 
UK 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
-F.Barraclough Ltd. 
UK 
100% 
Not active

--- Page 56 ---
54 
 
-Iceland Seafood UK Ltd.4 
UK 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Oceanpath Limited 
Ireland 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
-Dunns (Fish&Poultry) Ltd. 
Ireland 
100% 
Holding 
-Dunns Seafare Ltd. 
Ireland 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
-Mondi Properties Ireland Ltd. 
Ireland 
100% 
Real Estate 
-Carr & Sons Seafood Ltd. 
Ireland 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
 -H J Nolan Ltd. 
Ireland 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Iceland Seafood France S.A.S. 
France 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
ISG Iceland Seafood GmbH 
Germany 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
ISI Seafood Inc. 
USA 
100% 
Sale of seafood 
Iceland Seafood Hellas S.A. 
Greece 
66% 
Liquidation 
 
 
 
 
Investment in joint ventures 
 
 
 
Credible Properties Ltd. 
Ireland 
50% 
Properties 
 
 
 
 
Investments in other companies 
 
 
 
Febin Marine Foods Private Ltd. 
India 
5% 
Seafood supply 
 
8 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
Iceland Seafood is a holding company for a group of subsidiaries that are leading suppliers of 
North Atlantic seafood, one of the largest exporters of seafood from Iceland and a key processor 
of high quality seafood in the Spanish, United Kingdom and Irish markets. The Issuer is 
headquartered in Iceland and has subsidiaries in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Spain, Argentina, 
Iceland, France, Germany and the United States.  
The Issuer operates across three divisions, Value Added Southern Europe, Value Added 
Northern Europe and Sales & Distribution which has offices in Iceland, France, Germany and 
the USA. The Value Added Divisions have processing factories and coldstores in their respective 
regions with Southern Europe also having a satellite facility in Argentina. 
8.1 
Strategy 
Iceland Seafood is deeply rooted in the Icelandic fisheries industry as the descendant of historical 
Icelandic seafood companies. The Issuer's strategy is focused on delivering high margin growth 
and earnings over time and the Issuer has developed a long-term business strategy that reflects 
its purpose and enables the company to capture the value of its international network and in-
depth knowledge of its markets.  
The Issuer believes that the origin of the seafood products that the Issuer sells in its markets is 
important and works in a close partnership mainly with Icelandic producers as well as producers 
from other important origins. Fishing is a large industry in Iceland which generates significant 
 
4 The Issuer is in the process of legally merging its UK entities, Iceland Seafood Barraclough Ltd. and 
Iceland Seafood UK (previously Havelok Ltd.) under the name Iceland Seafood UK, which will be 
completed by the end of 2020

--- Page 57 ---
55 
 
profit for Icelandic society. However, in international markets, the Issuer and Icelandic producers 
are in competition with larger companies and serve global customers who make ever-increasing 
demands. It is therefore important for Iceland Seafood and Icelandic producers to join forces to 
ensure the highest prices are paid for the roughly 1.5 million tonnes that come out of the Icelandic 
ocean every year. Even though this is a significant volume for the Icelandic economy, it is less 
than 2% of the fish caught in the world.  
Iceland Seafood's strong international presence ensures Icelandic producers' access to a large 
market that is the backbone of Iceland Seafood operations, with over 3000 active business to 
business customers in 45 countries.  It is vital for producers of seafood products to have stable 
access to key markets and to be deep in the market, close to the distribution channels and the 
final consumer. Iceland Seafood has for many decades been a key player in export of Icelandic 
seafood products. The Issuer has, as a longterm project, built up strong brands and a quality 
reputation which Iceland Seafood believes to afford them a strong competitive advantage in the 
export and sales market. 
8.2 
Organisational structure and principal activities 
Iceland Seafood and its forerunners have been an integral part of the seafood industry in Iceland 
for decades as a leading exporter, producer and marketer of Icelandic seafood products globally. 
Iceland Seafood is comprised of three operating divisions, which incorporate the Issuer's 
subsidiaries. At 31 December  2020 the Issuer had over 670 employees. 
Iceland Seafood International hf., is the parent company which employs the Issuer's CEO and 
CFO who serve as the Issuer's executive management. Each subsidiary is separately managed 
by its own local managing director and executive management as required. The following table 
shows the organisational structure of Iceland Seafood as at 31 December 2020:

--- Page 58 ---
56 
 
The group structure of three efficient operating divisions provides a balanced base from which 
to drive further profit growth. Each operating division benefiting from a mixture of growth 
opportunities including the growing seafood sector globally, local organic growth drivers along 
with focused investments to support growth, whilst the fragmented seafood industry presents the 
Issuer with potential consolidation opportunities.  
All abovementioned subsidiaries are significant to the Issuer’s operations. Though varying in 
their financial contribution to the Issuer, any reputational or other difficulties in their operations 
can also negatively affect the Issuer. The Issuer is therefore partially dependent on the successful 
operations of all of it’s subsidiaries. A divisional breakdown of turnover and profit before tax as 
at 31 December 2020 can be seen below: 
 
 
 
8.2.1 Sales and Distribution  
The Sales and Distribution division consist of a sales and marketing company in Iceland along 
with closely linked sister companies in France, Germany and USA, which focus their efforts on 
selling to their local markets.

--- Page 59 ---
57 
 
Iceland Seafood Iceland is a leading company in exports of seafood from Iceland to all main 
markets around the world. The company operates in close co-operation with Icelandic fish 
producers. Iceland Seafood Iceland's main functions are fish sales, sourcing for the Issuer's 
subsidiaries and technical and quality services for producers and customers.  
The Iceland division works with a broad range of producers in Iceland, from many of the largest 
quota owners to smaller independent operators focused on a single species or product. Most 
supply relationships are long-term multi-year relationships built on trust and transparency where 
a bridge has been built between a catcher and end customer.  
The setup creates an opportunity for strong margins due to deep access to markets and the close 
working relationship with the seafood industry partners in Iceland. The most important markets 
for the Iceland division are France, UK, Spain, Italy, Germany, US and Belgium along with parts 
of Eastern Europe, which have historically been important pelagic markets.  
Iceland Seafood France, based in Boulogne-Sur-Mer, provides high quality seafood from 
Iceland as well as from Canada, USA, South Africa, Namibia, New Zealand and Asia. The 
company supplies fresh and frozen products to foodservice, retail and processors in France.  
Iceland Seafood Germany, located in Bremerhaven Germany, is a supplier of high-quality fresh 
seafood from Iceland. Fresh fish is mainly sourced from Iceland for the delicatessen, food 
service, catering and retail sectors in Germany. 
Iceland Seafood USA, located in Branford, Connecticut, imports, maintains inventory and 
markets a full range of Cod, Haddock, and Pollock/Saithe products for the distributor, 
foodservice and restaurant industry in the USA. Products are imported directly from Iceland, 
Russia and China.  
8.2.2 Value Added Southern Europe 
The Issuer's Value-Added S-Europe division (VA S-Europe) consists of Iceland Seafood 
Iberica, Elba S.L. and Achernar in Argentina. 
 
Iceland Seafood Iberica is one of the main importers of Icelandic wet salted cod (Bacalao de 
Islandia) in Spain as well as the largest importer and seller of light salted cod in the 
Mediterranean market. In addition to seafood from Iceland the company manufactures, markets 
and sells various salted and frozen seafood products from other parts of the world, adapted for 
local tastes with a flexible distribution network of shops, supermarkets and the wide HORECA 
channel. Icelandic Ibérica is a benchmark of quality in the market thanks to an excellent team of 
professionals and the reliability, guaranteed by the strong brands. All of Iceland Seafood Iberica's 
production of light salted cod is in one location in Barcelona.  
 
Achernar is a supplier and processor mainly of argentinian red shrimp, located in Argentina.  
Elba S.L. is a strong seafood player in Spain, focusing on frozen light salted products.  The 
company is based in Barcelona and operates a production facility with total sales volume of 
2.200 metric tonnes per year.  Products are sold under the Elba brand, which has a strong 
presence in the Spanish market and stands for quality seafood.

--- Page 60 ---
58 
 
VA S-Europe has a strong focus on the hotel, restaurant and catering (HORECA) market in 
Southern Europe while also supporting its growing retail sales in Spain.  
8.2.1 
Value Added Northern Europe  
Value-Added N-Europe (VA N-Europe) consists of Iceland Seafood UK and Oceanpath 
Limited in Ireland.  
Iceland Seafood UK is the result of the Issuer‘s merger of its two UK subsidiaries Iceland 
Seafood Barraclough Ltd. and Havelok Ltd., which merged into one legal entity Iceland Seafood 
UK Ltd. at year end 2020, under one leadership team on a single manufacturing site. The merger 
has created a significant player, servicing UK retail, with strong buying, production and 
marketing power in addition to improved balance between retail and foodservice.  
Iceland Seafood UK specializes in the supply of private label high quality seafood sourced from 
all over the world, selling frozen fish and shellfish to most of the large retailers in the UK as well 
as being one of the leading seafood suppliers to the UK foodservice sector. 
Oceanpath and its subsidiaries are located in Dublin Ireland. Oceanpath is the main fresh fish 
supplier to the Irish retail industry and one of the largest seafood processors in Ireland supplying 
fish to all major Irish retailers and food service as well as exporting to USA and throughout 
Europe.  
Oceanpath's subsidiary Dunns Seafare (Dunn's of Dublin), acquired in 2006, produces several 
varieties of both hot and cold smoked fish including Irish, organic, wild and farmed salmon. 
Dunn's of Dublin is Ireland's oldest fish company which was set up in 1822.   
Oceanpath's 2020 acquired subsidiary Carr & Sons Seafood Ltd. is a significant seafood player 
in Ireland focused on production of high-quality salmon products for retail, both under retailer’s 
private label and branded.  A significant part of the sales are under the Nolan Quality Seafoods 
brand which is a leading brand for smoked salmon in Ireland.   
VA N-Europe has a strong focus on the retail (fresh and frozen) and foodservice market in the 
UK and Ireland.

--- Page 61 ---
59 
 
9 
MANAGEMENT AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
9.1 
Compliance with Corporate Governance 
Iceland Seafood's corporate governance framework is defined by Act No. 2/1995 on Public 
Limited Companies (the Act on Public Companies) and the Nasdaq Iceland Rules and is set out 
in the Issuer's Articles of Association. Under its Articles of Association, the Issuer is governed 
by shareholders' meetings, the Issuer's Board of Directors and the Chief Executive Officer. In 
accordance with Article 70 (5) of the Act on Public Companies the Board of Directors has set 
itself formal Rules of Procedure which are supplementary to the Articles. According to the Rules 
the Board of Directors may elect committees that operate on behalf of the Board. All Board 
committees set themselves specific rules of procedure.  
The Issuer adheres to the principles set forth in the Corporate Governance Guidelines, published 
by the Iceland Chamber of Commerce in co-operation with SA Business Iceland (The 
Confederation of Icelandic Enterprise) and Nasdaq Iceland. There is only one deviation from the 
aforementioned guidelines as Iceland Seafood has not appointed a nomination committee, as 
such a committee has not been considered needed. 
A statement on the corporate governance practices of Iceland Seafood is reviewed and agreed 
upon annually by the board of directors and is accessible on the Issuer's website. 
9.2 
The Board of Directors 
The Issuer's Board of Directors shall be composed of three to five members and up to one 
alternate member, elected at the Annual General Meeting for a term of one year. The Board 
currently consists of five main members and one alternate. The Board of Directors has supreme 
powers in all matters concerning the Issuer between shareholders' meetings and is obligated to 
appoint an audit committee and a remuneration committee.  
The Board of Directors consists of the following members:  
Liv Bergþórsdóttir, Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Víkurhvarfi 7, 203 Kópavogi 
Liv Bergþórsdóttir was appointed CEO of ORF Genetics in April 2020. She joined ORF Genetics 
after 20 years in the telecommunication industry. Liv led the launch of the telecommunications 
company Nova in 2006 and was the CEO of Nova until 2018. Prior to that, she was the CEO of 
the mobile phone company Sko and Director of Sales and Marketing at Og Vodafone and Tal.  
In recent years Liv has also served on the boards of several companies, both in Iceland and 
abroad. Liv is a business graduate from the University of Iceland and has completed AMP studies 
at IESE Barcelona Business School. 
Ingunn Agnes Kro, Board Member 
Gvendargeisli 110, 113 Reykjavík 
Ingunn is the manager of Jarðvarmi, holding company. Previously Ingunn was a Director of 
Administration and Communication at Skeljungur, a listed company, heading legal matters, 
marketing, public relations, and human resources, and before that Skeljungur´s general council,

--- Page 62 ---
60 
 
secretary to the Board of Directors and compliance officer. Ingunn is on the Board of HS Orka 
hf., a clean energy producer and provider, Sjóvá hf., insurance company, and Votlendissjóðurinn, 
a non-profit organization focused on reducing carbon emissions.Ingunn is currently seeking an 
MBA degree at the University of Iceland. Additionally, she has a B.A. and M.A. degree in law 
from the University of Iceland,diploma in Securities Brokerage and is a district court attorney. 
Jakob Valgeir Flosason, Board Member 
Grundarstíg 5, 415 Bolungarvík 
Jakob Valgeir Flosason,  is the CEO of Jakob Valgeir ehf.   Jakob has an extensive knowledge 
of the Icelandic fishing industry from all perspectives.  A knowledge that not many people 
possess.  He has been involved in every aspect of the sector from early age working in factories, 
on fishing boats and building up the family company to become one of the most technology 
advanced and leading company within the Icelandic fishing sector. 
Halldór Leifsson, Board Member 
Háeyri 1, 550 Sauðárkróki 
Halldór Leifsson is Marketing and Sales manager at Fisk Seafood ehf. He has worked in the 
seafood industry since 1990, in all key segments including, managing production, fleet, sales, 
office, finance, assistance MD and MD. 
Halldór holds a degree in Fishery Technology from the Technical University of Iceland and has 
studied Business Management in the University of Reykjavík.  
Bergþór Baldvinsson, Board Member 
Gerðavegi 32, 250 Suðurnesjabæ 
Bergþór has been the CEO of Nesfiskur since 1979. Nesfiskur is a family owned company that 
Bergþór and his parents started in 1975. Nesfiskur‘s main factory focuses on frozen light salted 
cod, and its subsidiaries focus on fresh fish, shrimp and dried fish products. Working at Nesfiskur 
since a teenager, Bergþór has familiarized himself with every aspect of the industry. The small 
family company has grown constantly from the beginning. Today, Nesfiskur and it‘s subsidiaries 
employ around 400 people. 
Bergþór has been a board member of various companies and pension funds for the past two 
decades. 
Gunnlaugur Hreinsson, Alternate Board Member 
Suðurgarður, 640 Húsavík 
Gunnlaugur K Hreinsson is the owner of GPG Seafood and alternate companies. Gunnlaugur 
has decades of experience from the seafood sector.  
GPG Seafood operates four longliners out and four processing plants in the north of Iceland. 
Gunnlaugur is also the largest shareholder of the company Þórsnes ehf, a seafood company 
located in Stykkisholmur.

--- Page 63 ---
61 
 
9.2.1 Sub-Committees of the Board of Directors 
Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee ensures the quality of the financial statements and internal controls. It has 
oversight of the external auditors. It also presents proposals for the selection of external auditors 
and ensures their Corporate Governance & Social Responsibility independence. The Audit 
Committee's main responsibilities include monitoring the integrity of the financial statements of 
the Issuer,  reviewing the effectiveness of the Issuer's internal controls and risk management 
systems and overseeing the selection, appointment and relationship with the Issuer's external 
auditor. 
The committee shall operate independently on behalf of the Board of Directors who shall elect 
the members of the Audit Committee each year. The Audit Committee operates in accordance 
with rules of procedure approved by the Board of Directors and shall be made up of 2-3 members. 
Committee members shall possess knowledge and experience which is consistent with the work 
of the committee, at least one of the audit committee members shall be a financial expert who 
has accounting or related financial expertise. The members shall be independent of the auditor 
of the Issuer and the majority should be independent of the Issuer's management. Members of 
the Audit Committee are Ingunn Agnes Kro, Bergþór Baldvinsson and Ágúst Kristinsson. 
Remuneration Committee 
The Remuneration Committee is responsible for establishing a remuneration policy for the 
Issuer. The Remuneration Committee shall assist the Board in ensuring that compensation 
arrangements support the strategic aims of the Issuer and enable the recruitment, motivation and 
retention of senior executives while also complying with legal and regulatory requirements. The 
committee's main tasks include preparing and submitting annually a proposal to the Board of 
Directors for the Issuer's remuneration policy, annually reviewing the Issuer's compensation 
programs and monitoring that salary and any incentive schemes are in accordance with law and 
market practice.  
The Board of Directors appoints the members of the committee and its chairman. Neither the 
Issuer's chief executive officer nor any of the Issuer's and its subsidiaries' top executives shall be 
appointed to the Remuneration Committee. The committee operates in accordance with rules of 
procedure approved by the Board of Directors and shall be made up of at least 2 members. It is 
preferable that the members of the committee have experience and knowledge on guidelines and 
common practise regarding decision on executives' terms of employment. If deemed necessary, 
the Remuneration Committee may seek the assistance of consultants, such consultants shall be 
independent of the Issuer, its executives and the Board of Directors who are not deemed to be 
independent. The committee is responsible for examining the consultant's experience. Members 
of the Remuneration Committee are Liv Bergþórsdóttir, Halldór Leifsson and Jakob Valgeir 
Flosason.

--- Page 64 ---
62 
 
9.3 
Executive Management 
The Executive Management comprises the Issuer's CEO and CFO.  
Bjarni Ármannsson, CEO 
Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavik 
Bjarni Ármannsson is a private investor. He is currently the largest shareholder in Iceland 
Seafood International. Bjarni is a computer engineer from University of Iceland in 1990 and 
graduated as MBA from IMD in Switzerland in 1996. Bjarni spent a lion share of his career in 
the banking industry in Iceland, originally as a CEO for Kaupthing a investment and financial 
service company, later for the Icelandic Investment Bank and as a CEO of Islandsbanki – a 
leading seafood service provider out of Iceland. He exited the banking sector in spring of 2007. 
In 2008 he became an Operating Director for Paine and Partners a US based Private equity fund 
focusing on food and Agri business. Since 2013 Bjarni has been focusing on his investments and 
developing them as a long term active industrial owner. 
 
Reynir Jónsson, CFO 
Köllunarklettsvegur 2, 104 Reykjavik 
Reynir Jónsson has been the Issuer's CFO since late 2013. Before joining the Issuer, he worked 
as a Director and Partner at Deloitte Financial advisory services for five years, where large parts 
of his projects were related to the seafood sector in Iceland. Prior to that, Reynir was the head of 
accounting at HB Grandi from 2003-2006. Reynir holds an MSc degree in Finance and Strategic 
Management from Copenhagen Business School and a Cand.oceon Degree in accounting from 
the University of Iceland. 
9.4 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Members of the Issuer's Executive Management and members of the Board of Directors own 
shares in the Issuer. Furthermore, several employees and members of the Executive Management 
own shares and/or stock options issued by Iceland Seafood. Several of these individuals have 
contributed to the preparation of this Prospectus.  
Further, Jakob Valgeir Flosason, a member of the Board of Directors of Iceland Seafood is CEO 
and a shareholder of fishery Jakob Valgeir ehf. which is a large supplier of seafood to the Issuer.  
Bergþór Baldvinsson, a member of the Board of Directors of Iceland Seafood is CEO and 
shareholder of fishery Nesfiskur ehf, which is a large supplier of seafood to the Issuer.  
Halldór Leifsson, a member of the Board of Directors of Iceland Seafood is Marketing and sales 
manager of Fisk Seafood ehf, which is a large supplier of seafood to the Issuer.  
Finally, Gunnlaugur Hreinsson, an alternate member of the Board of Directors of Iceland 
Seafood is chairman of the board of GPG Seafood ehf., which is a large supplier of seafood to 
the Issuer.  
Kvika banki hf. is Iceland Seafood's advisor in relation to the offering and listing of Iceland 
Seafood's bills through its Corporate Finance and Capital Markets departments who have 
contributed to the preparation of this Base Prospectus. Kvika will receive a fee for this work.

--- Page 65 ---
63 
 
Additionally, Kvika's Proprietary Trading department acts as a market maker for the Issuer's 
shares and for that purpose holds an average of 3-4% of the Issuer's shares in its portfolio.  
The Board of Directors is not aware of any other potential conflicts of interest between the duties 
of the members of the Board of Directors or members of the Executive Management to the Issuer 
and their private interests or other duties.

--- Page 66 ---
64 
 
10 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The consolidated financial statements of Iceland Seafood for the years 2020 and 2019 have been 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the 
European Union, and additional requirements in the Act on Annual Accounts. The consolidated 
financial statements comprise Iceland Seafood and its subsidiaries. The latest audited 
consolidated financial statements of Iceland Seafood were approved by the Issuer’s board of 
directors on 24 February 2021 and cover the financial period of 1.1.2020-31.12.2020.  
For a complete overview of the Issuer's financial position, it is recommended that investors 
review the complete consolidated financial statements of Iceland Seafood for the years 2020 and 
2019, including all published interim financial statements, as well as all notes thereto. The 
statements include, among other information, a consolidated income statement, consolidated 
statement of financial position, consolidated statement of cash flows and auditor reports where 
applicable.   
Consolidated financial statements for the last two financial years prior to the date of this 
Prospectus, as well as all published interim consolidated financial statements, have been 
incorporated in the Base Prospectus by reference and may be accessed on the Issuer's website, 
under the following link:  
https://www.icelandseafood.com/Investors/Financial  
Consolidated financial statements incorporated by reference are also available on Nasdaq 
Iceland‘s website, see chapter 6.6 Information incorporated by reference. 
Deloitte has audited the Issuer's consolidated financial statements for the years ended 31.12. 
2020 and 2019 and reviewed the Issuer’s condensed interim consolidated financial statements 
for the six months ended 30.6.2020 and 2019. No other information in this Prospectus has been 
audited.   
The Issuer confirms that no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer 
has occurred since the end of the last financial period nor has there been any material adverse 
change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date of its last published audited financial 
statements , but advises that the outlook remains uncertain due to the ongoing impact of Covid19. 
Further, except as disclosed in chapter 2.2.11 Legal Risk the Issuer's Board of Directors and 
Executive Management are not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, 
during the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer's and/or the Issuer's financial position or 
profitability.   
10.1 Normalised results 
It should be noted that in the Issuer's financial statements the Income Statement is reported on 
both an IFRS basis and a normalised basis, the latter being the Issuer's main focus. The 
normalised results reflect the IFRS results net of significant one-off items which the Issuer 
considers a better reflection of the underlying operations of the Issuer. Both results are 
audited/reviewed as applicable.

--- Page 67 ---
65 
 
10.2 Latest financial statements 
On 17 May 2021 the Issuer's Board of Directors approved Iceland Seafood's reviewed condensed 
consolidated interim financial statements for the period 1.1.2021 to 31.3.2021. The statements 
have been incorporated into the Base Prospectus by reference see chapter 6.6 Information 
incorporated by reference. 
10.2.1 Events after the reporting period 
On 17 May 2021 the Issuer signed a letter of intent with the shareholders of Ahumados 
Dominguez to acquire 80% of the share capital of the company. Ahumados Dominguez’s sales 
in 2020 were €19.3m, EBITDA  €1.7m and PBT of €1.2m. Ahumados Dominguez is a retail-
oriented company with a strong brand and consumer recognition in the smoked salmon sector in 
Spain, known for its premium quality.  The proposed acquisition will strengthen Iceland 
Seafood’s proposition in the Spanish retail market, as well as creating opportunities to utilize the 
platform Ahumados Dominguez has for selling high quality cod products from Iceland.   
 
According to the letter of intent, the purchase price for the 80% stake will be 8.8x EBITDA on 
a debt and cash free basis.  Iceland Seafood’s intention is to finance the acquisition with a 
combination of debt and equity, with the final financing structure still being worked on.  The 
letter of intent is a legally non-binding document and will serve as a basis for discussion of key 
terms for the potential transaction.  
10.3 Significant Developments in the Period 
The acquisition of Elba seafood ehf. was completed on 21 February 2020. The acquisition price 
for 100% stake in Elba Seafood ehf. was EUR 4.4 million on a debt free, cash free basis, where 
50% of the payment was settled with cash and the other 50% with new shares in Iceland Seafood 
International hf.  
In the same year, the Issuer acquired the remaining minority stakes in subsidiaries Havelok and 
Oceanpath, a 33% share in each respectively, and completed the merger of its two subsidiaries 
in the UK, Iceland Seafood Barraclough and Havelok, under the name Iceland Seafood UK. 
On 18 November 2020, Oceanpath, the Irish subsidiary of Iceland Seafood, completed the 
purchase of all the issued share capital of Carr & Sons Seafood Ltd, a significant seafood player 
in Ireland. The consideration for the share capital was EUR 6.5 million as communicated at 
signing of LOI on 28 August 2020. Iceland Seafood simultaneously exercised its option to 
acquire a 33% stake in Oceanpath. After the transaction, Oceanpath is 100% owned by Iceland 
Seafood. The consideration for the shares is EUR 9.0 million with 40% paid in shares and 60% 
in cash. 
Also in 18 November 2020, Iceland Seafood announced that its Spanish subsidiary Iceland 
Seafood Iberica had signed an agreement to sell its Málaga based production and distribution 
company Ecomsa. The 100% equity stake in Ecomsa is sold for EUR 326k.

--- Page 68 ---
66 
 
10.4 Funding 
The Issuer's main sources of financing are a multi-currency revolving credit facility with an 
Icelandic financial institution and credit facilities with number of banks in Spain which finance 
the S-Europe division.  
The facility with the institution in Iceland has a cap of EUR 50 million with EUR 36.0 million 
drawdown at year end 2020 The facility expires in May 2022.The Issuer has credit facilities in 
place with number of banks in Spain. Total amount of these loans was EUR 49.1 million at year 
end 2020. Most of these loan agreements are short term facilities with 6-12 months duration. In 
April 2020 the Issuer secured in excess of EUR 17 million new long term funding for the 
operation in Spain, with local Spanish banks. This will improve the overall funding headroom 
accordingly and at the same time increase the proportion of long term funding of the overall 
funding of the Issuer. Borrowings from financial institutions in Iceland are secured with most of 
the Issuer's assets, except from assets in Spain. Revolving credit facilities are secured with 
inventories, receivables, intellectual property rights and shares in subsidiaries. Other bank loans 
are secured with inventories, receivables, shares in subsidiaries and properties, plants and 
equipment Finance leases are secured with the assets leased. Credit facilities in Spain are not 
secured with direct pledge, but most of these facilities are secured with a negative pledge. 
The parent company concluded two offerings of 6 months bills in the second half of the year, 
ISK 1,460 million offering was completed in September and ISK 1,500 million offering in 
November. In both cases hedging was put in place to fix the liability in EUR. The amount in 
September was fixed at 8.9m and in November at 9.5m. The bills are listed on Nasdaq Iceland. 
 
10.5 Share capital and shareholders 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the nominal value of the share capital of Iceland Seafood 
is ISK 2,674,536,461  divided into an equal number of Shares with a nominal value of ISK one 
each. All of the Issuer's issued share capital is paid in full. The Issuer's share capital consists of 
one class of shares and each issued share carries equal rights. The ISIN number of the shares is 
IS0000026961 and their ticker symbol in the trading system of Nasdaq Iceland is ICESEA. 
The Issuer had 721 shareholders at 29 June 2021. To the extent known to the Issuer, Iceland 
Seafood is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by parties other than listed shareholders. 
Apart from issued stock options as described in the chapter 2.2.12 Contract Risk, no 
arrangements are known to the Issuer, the operation of which may at a subsequent date result in 
a change in control of the Issuer.

--- Page 69 ---
Undirritunarsíða
Bjarni Ármannsson
Liv Bergþórsdóttir
Undirritað af:
Bjarni Ármannsson
2303685389
Dags: 16.07.2021
Tími: 16:07:02
Ástæða: Samþykkt
Signet ID: 21fd1f30-
de16-47e5-9aad-
b3887ac008e1
Undirritað af:
Liv Bergþórsdóttir
0908694939
Dags: 16.07.2021
Tími: 14:49:48
Ástæða: Samþykkt
Signet ID: 21fd1f30-
de16-47e5-9aad-
b3887ac008e1