--- Page 1 ---
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
THIS BASE PROSPECTUS MAY ONLY BE DISTRIBUTED TO PERSONS WHO ARE NOT 
U.S. PERSONS (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (AS 
DEFINED BELOW)) OUTSIDE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
No securities commission or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way 
passed upon this Base Prospectus or the merits of the Trust Certificates described herein and any 
representation to the contrary is an offence. 
IMPORTANT: You must read the following disclaimer before continuing. The following 
disclaimer applies to the attached base prospectus (the document) and you are therefore advised 
to read this carefully before reading, accessing or making any other use of the attached document. 
In accessing the document, you agree to be bound by the following terms and conditions, including 
any modifications to them from time to time, each time you receive any information from us as a 
result of such access. You acknowledge that this electronic transmission and the delivery of the 
attached document is confidential and intended only for you and you agree you will not reproduce 
or publish this electronic transmission or forward the attached document to any other person. 
Restrictions: UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT 
CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY NOR 
SHALL THERE BE ANY SALE OF THE SECURITIES IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER 
JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE WOULD BE UNLAWFUL. 
ANY SECURITIES TO BE ISSUED HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER 
THE U.S. SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT) OR WITH ANY 
SECURITIES REGULATORY AUTHORITY OF ANY STATE OR OTHER JURISDICTION OF THE 
UNITED STATES AND MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE 
TRANSFERRED WITHIN THE UNITED STATES EXCEPT PURSUANT TO AN EXEMPTION 
FROM, OR IN A TRANSACTION NOT SUBJECT TO, THE REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS 
OF THE SECURITIES ACT. 
THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT MAY NOT BE FORWARDED OR DISTRIBUTED TO ANY 
OTHER PERSON WITHOUT THE PRIOR WRITTEN CONSENT OF THE DEALERS (AS 
DEFINED BELOW) AND MAY NOT BE REPRODUCED IN ANY MANNER WHATSOEVER. 
DISTRIBUTION OR REPRODUCTION OF THE ATTACHED DOCUMENT IN WHOLE OR IN 
PART IS UNAUTHORISED. FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THIS DIRECTIVE MAY RESULT IN 
A VIOLATION OF THE SECURITIES ACT OR THE APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF 
OTHER JURISDICTIONS. 
UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL THIS DOCUMENT CONSTITUTE AN OFFER TO SELL 
OR THE SOLICITATION OF AN OFFER TO BUY NOR SHALL THERE BE ANY SALE OF THE 
SECURITIES IN ANY JURISDICTION IN WHICH SUCH OFFER, SOLICITATION OR SALE 
WOULD BE UNLAWFUL.  
THIS DOCUMENT IS NOT BEING DISTRIBUTED TO, AND MUST NOT BE PASSED ON TO, 
THE GENERAL PUBLIC IN THE UNITED KINGDOM. RATHER, THE COMMUNICATION OF 
THIS DOCUMENT AS A FINANCIAL PROMOTION IS ONLY BEING MADE TO THOSE 
PERSONS FALLING WITHIN ARTICLE 19(5) OR ARTICLE 49 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES 
AND MARKETS ACT 2000 (FINANCIAL PROMOTION) ORDER 2005, OR TO OTHER PERSONS 
TO WHOM THIS DOCUMENT MAY OTHERWISE BE DISTRIBUTED WITHOUT 
CONTRAVENTION OF SECTION 21 OF THE FINANCIAL SERVICES AND MARKETS ACT 2000, 
OR ANY PERSON TO WHOM IT MAY OTHERWISE LAWFULLY BE MADE. THIS 
COMMUNICATION IS BEING DIRECTED ONLY AT PERSONS HAVING PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE IN MATTERS RELATING TO INVESTMENTS AND ANY INVESTMENT OR

--- Page 2 ---
INVESTMENT ACTIVITY TO WHICH THIS COMMUNICATION RELATES WILL BE 
ENGAGED IN ONLY WITH SUCH PERSONS. NO OTHER PERSON SHOULD RELY ON IT. 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of the trust certificates described 
in the document and on the distribution of offering material in the United States, the European Economic 
Area,  the United Kingdom, the United Arab Emirates (excluding the DIFC), the DIFC, the Kingdom of 
Saudi Arabia, Jersey, Luxembourg, Hong Kong, Singapore, Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
Bahrain and Taiwan, the Republic of China (ROC), see "Subscription and Sale" in the attached 
document. 
Confirmation of your representation: The attached document is delivered to you at your request and on 
the basis that you have confirmed to CIMB Bank Berhad, Labuan Offshore Branch, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC 
Bank plc, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Natixis, Société Générale and Standard Chartered Bank (together, 
the Dealers), the Islamic Development Bank (the IsDB), IDB Trust Services Limited and IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL (IDB Trust Services Limited and IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL each being an 
Issuer and together, the Issuers) that (i) you are located outside the United States of America and are 
not a U.S. person, or acting for the account or benefit of any U.S. person; (ii) you consent to delivery by 
electronic transmission; (iii) you will not transmit the attached document (or any copy of it or part thereof) 
or disclose, whether orally or in writing, any of its contents to any other person except with the prior 
written consent of the Dealers; and (iv) you acknowledge that you will make your own assessment 
regarding any credit, investment, legal, taxation or other economic considerations with respect to your 
decision to subscribe or purchase any of the trust certificates.  
This document has been made available to you in an electronic form. You are reminded that documents 
transmitted via this medium may be altered or changed during the process of electronic transmission and 
consequently none of the IsDB, the Issuers, the Dealers nor any person who controls or is a director, 
officer, employee or agent of the IsDB, the Issuers, the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
accepts any liability or responsibility whatsoever in respect of any difference between the document 
distributed to you in electronic format and the hard copy version. By accessing this document, you 
consent to receiving it in electronic form. A hard copy of the document will be made available to you 
only upon request to the Dealers. 
You are reminded that the attached document has been delivered to you on the basis that you are a person 
into whose possession this document may be lawfully delivered in accordance with the laws of the 
jurisdiction in which you are located and you may not nor are you authorised to deliver this document, 
electronically or otherwise, to any other person. Failure to comply with this directive may result in a 
violation of the Securities Act or the applicable laws of other jurisdictions. 
None of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility whatsoever for the 
contents of this document or for any statement made or purported to be made by any of them, or on any 
of their behalf, in connection with the IsDB, the Issuer or the offer or any responsibility for any acts or 
omissions of the Issuers, IsDB or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with 
the attached document or the issue and offering of trust certificates. The Dealers and their respective 
affiliates accordingly disclaim all and any liability whether arising in tort, contract, or otherwise which 
they might otherwise have in respect of such document or any such statement. No representation or 
warranty, express or implied, is made by any of the Dealers or their respective affiliates as to the accuracy, 
completeness, verification or sufficiency of the information set out in this document. 
The materials relating to the offering do not constitute, and may not be used in connection with, an offer 
or solicitation in any place where such offers or solicitations are not permitted by law. If a jurisdiction 
requires that the offering be made by a licensed broker or dealer and the Dealers or any affiliate of the 
Dealers is a licensed broker or dealer in that jurisdiction the offering shall be deemed to be made by the 
Dealers or such affiliate on behalf of the IsDB and the Issuers in such jurisdiction.

--- Page 3 ---
Recipients of the attached document who intend to subscribe for or purchase any securities to be issued 
are reminded that any subscription or purchase may only be made on the basis of the information 
contained in the final version of the attached document. 
If you received this document by e-mail, you should not reply by e-mail to this communication. Any 
reply e-mail communications, including those you generate by using the "Reply" function on the email 
software, will be ignored or rejected. Your receipt of the electronic transmission is at your own risk and 
it is your responsibility to take precautions to ensure that it is free from viruses and other items of a 
destructive nature. 
Canadian investors are advised that the information contained within the Base Prospectus has not been 
prepared with regard to matters that may be of particular concern to Canadian investors.  Accordingly, 
Canadian investors should consult with their own legal, financial and tax advisers concerning the 
information contained within the Base Prospectus and as to the suitability of an investment in the Trust 
Certificates in their particular circumstances.

--- Page 4 ---
BASE PROSPECTUS 
IDB TRUST SERVICES LIMITED 
(a limited par value company incorporated in Jersey with registered number 89541) 
and 
ISDB TRUST SERVICES NO.2 SARL 
(a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) incorporated  under the laws of 
the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg with its registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 
Luxembourg and registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies register (Registre de commerce 
et des sociétés, Luxembourg)  under number B247570)  
U.S.$25,000,000,000 
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme 
with, inter alia, the benefit of a Guarantee (in respect of the payment obligations arising under the 
Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates) provided by 
THE ISLAMIC DEVELOPMENT BANK 
(an international organisation that derives its legal personality from public international law) 
Under the trust certificate issuance programme described in this base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) 
(the Programme), IDB Trust Services Limited and IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL (each in its capacity 
as issuer and as trustee, each an Issuer and a Trustee, and together, the Issuers and the Trustees), 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from time to time issue trust 
certificates (the Trust Certificates) in series (each a Series), which may comprise one or more tranches 
(each a Tranche), in any currency as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealers (as defined 
below). The aggregate face amount of the Trust Certificates outstanding will not at any time exceed 
U.S.$25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies). 
Each Series of Trust Certificates will be constituted by: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed 
(the Master Trust Deed) dated 19 April 2022 (the Programme Date) entered into between the Trustees, 
The Islamic Development Bank (the IsDB) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. acting as 
delegate of, and attorney for, the Trustees (the Delegate); and (ii) a corresponding supplemental trust 
deed (Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Deed) in relation 
to each Tranche of Trust Certificates issued. Trust Certificates of each Series confer on the holders of 
the Trust Certificates from time to time (the Certificateholders) an undivided beneficial ownership 
interest in, and consequently the right to receive certain payments, on a pro rata basis (according to the 
face amount of Trust Certificates held by them) arising from, the assets of a trust declared by the relevant 
Trustee in relation to the relevant Series (the Trust) over, inter alia, a portfolio of assets created by the 
IsDB which shall be separate and independent from all other assets of the IsDB and shall comprise of: 
(a) at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets (as defined below), Disbursing 
Istisna'a Assets (as defined below), Shari’a compliant equity instruments (and the assets underlying those 
equity instruments) (Shares), sukuk certificates (and the assets underlying those sukuk certificates) 
(Sukuk) and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets (as defined below); and (b) no more than 49 per cent. 
intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables (as defined below), Loan (Qard) Receivables (as 
defined below), Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables (as defined below) and/or Murabaha 
Receivables (as defined below), including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any 
amounts due in connection with such assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give

--- Page 5 ---
receipts for all amounts payable, or to become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to 
the assets and the benefit of, and the right to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to 
exercise all powers of the IsDB thereunder, such portfolio being constituted by an Initial Portolio and 
any Additional Portfolio and supplemented from time to time with Additional Portfolio Assets (each as 
defined below) (the Portfolio which, together with any other assets in the relevant Trust, constitute the 
Trust Assets). 
Each Trustee will have the benefit of a Guarantee (as defined in the Terms and Conditions (as defined 
herein)) from the IsDB (the Guarantor) to support timely payments of profit distributions under each 
Series of Trust Certificates. In addition, the Trustees will have the benefit of a purchase undertaking from 
the IsDB, and the IsDB will have the benefit of a sale undertaking from the Trustees, pursuant to which 
the IsDB may purchase the relevant Portfolio in relation to each Series of Trust Certificates upon the 
maturity or early dissolution of the relevant Series. Subject to the information provided herein, recourse 
in respect of the Trust Certificates is ultimately dependent on the performance by the IsDB pursuant, 
inter alia, to such Guarantee and the purchase undertaking or sale undertakings (as applicable). 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution Amounts (as defined in the Terms and 
Conditions as defined herein) calculated on the basis specified in the final terms relating to the relevant 
Tranche of Trust Certificates (the Final Terms) or in respect of Exempt Certificates (as defined below), 
a pricing supplement relating to the relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates (the Pricing Supplement). 
The payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts to Certificateholders will primarily depend upon the 
receipt by the relevant Trustee from the IsDB of all amounts due in respect of the Portfolio of the relevant 
Series of Trust Certificates (except Exempt Certificates) comprising profit and the performance by the 
IsDB of its obligations under the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents (as defined 
herein). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the CBI), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation). The CBI only approves this 
Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed 
by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of any Issuer 
or the IsDB nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Trust Certificates that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Trust 
Certificates. Such approval relates only to Trust Certificates which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU) (as amended, MiFID II) II and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member 
State of the European Economic Area (EEA). Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (Euronext Dublin) for such Trust Certificates (other than Exempt 
Certificates (as defined below)) to be admitted to its official list (Official List) and to trading on its 
regulated market (the Market). The Market is a regulated market (a Regulated Market) for the purposes 
of MiFID II. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Trust 
Certificates. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The 
Issuers and IsDB will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy 
relating to information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of 
the Trust Certificates, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus. The obligation to prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or 
material inaccuracy does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Applications have been 
made for such Trust Certificates to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date hereof 
to listing on the official list and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin.  
Each of the Issuers and the IsDB is an "Exempt Offeror" for the purposes of Article 13(1) of the DIFC 
Markets Law 2012 (the Markets Law 2012). Accordingly, each Issuer is exempt from the requirement 
to produce a Prospectus under Article 14 of the Markets Law 2012 and this Base Prospectus has not been 
approved by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (the DFSA) for the purposes of the Markets Law 
2012. Application has also been made to the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai for: (A) Trust Certificates 
(where the relevant Series are also admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market); 
or (B) Exempt Certificates (where the relevant Series are not admitted to the Official List nor admitted 
to trading on the Market), issued under this Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of

--- Page 6 ---
this Base Prospectus to be admitted to the official list of securities maintained by the DFSA (the Dubai 
Official List) and to be admitted to trading on Nasdaq Dubai (referred to, together, as an admission to 
Nasdaq Dubai). An application may be made for any Series to be admitted to Nasdaq Dubai. 
Application may be made to the Taipei Exchange for the listing and trading of (A) Trust Certificates 
(where the relevant Series are also admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market); 
or (B) Exempt Certificates (where the relevant Series are not admitted to the Official List nor admitted 
to trading on the Market) issued under this Programme.  
References in this Base Prospectus to Trust Certificates being listed (and all related references) shall 
mean that: (i) such Trust Certificates have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Market only; (ii) Trust Certificates have been admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Market and admitted to one or more of Nasdaq Dubai and the Taipei Exchange; or (iii) Exempt 
Certificates have been admitted to Nasdaq Dubai and/or the Taipei Exchange. The requirement to publish 
a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Trust Certificates which are to be admitted 
to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in any member state of the EEA 
(each, a Member State).  
References in this Base Prospectus to "Exempt Certificates" are to Trust Certificates for which no 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. For the purposes of any 
Exempt Certificates issued pursuant to this Programme, this document does not constitute a base 
prospectus within the meaning of Article 2(s) of the Prospectus Regulation and will constitute 
listing particulars. Information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding Exempt Certificates 
and any Pricing Supplement relating thereto shall not be deemed to form part of this Base 
Prospectus and the CBI has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base 
Prospectus in connection with the offering and sale of Exempt Certificates or the related Pricing 
Supplement to which the Exempt Certificates are subject. 
The Programme provides that the Exempt Certificates may be listed on the Dubai Official List and/or 
the Taipei Exchange, as the case may be, or on such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may 
be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the IsDB and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue 
unlisted Exempt Certificates and/or Exempt Certificates not admitted to trading on any market. The 
applicable Final Terms in respect of the issue of any Trust Certificates (other than Exempt Certificates) 
will specify whether or not such Trust Certificates will be listed on the Official List and admitted to 
trading on the Market. If any Trust Certificates (other than Exempt Certificates) are to be admitted to 
trading on any other stock exchange, such admission will be in addition (rather than an alternative) to 
their admission to trading on the Market. In the case of Exempt Certificates, the relevant Trust 
Certificates will not be listed and/or admitted to trading on the Market or any other Regulated Market, 
and the applicable Pricing Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Exempt Certificates will be 
listed and/or admitted to trading on an unregulated market. Accordingly, in the case of Exempt 
Certificates, each reference in this Base Prospectus to the applicable Final Terms shall be read and 
construed as a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, unless the context requires otherwise. 
Notice of the aggregate face amount of Trust Certificates and any other terms not contained herein which 
are applicable to each Tranche of Trust Certificates will be set out in the applicable Final Terms which, 
with respect to Trust Certificates to be listed on the Market, will be delivered to the CBI and the Market 
and which, with respect to Trust Certificates to be listed on Nasdaq Dubai, will be delivered to the DFSA 
and Nasdaq Dubai. In the case of Exempt Certificates, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Trust Certificates and any other terms which are contained therein which are applicable to such Tranche 
of Trust Certificates will be set out in the Pricing Supplement relating to such Tranche. 
The Trust Certificates will be limited recourse obligations of the relevant Trustee. An investment in Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme involves certain risks, as more fully described in the section 
"Risk Factors" beginning on page 12. 
Each Series of Trust Certificates will be issued in registered form in the form of a global trust certificate 
(each a Global Trust Certificate) which will be: (i) deposited with, and registered in the name of a 
nominee of, a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking

--- Page 7 ---
S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg) on or about the relevant Issue Date (as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the first Tranche of each such Series; or (ii) 
held under the New Safekeeping Structure (the NSS), in which case the Global Trust Certificate will be 
delivered to, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on or prior to the relevant Issue Date of the first Tranche of each such Series. 
Interests in Trust Certificates in individual registered form will only be issued in exchange for interests 
in the relevant Global Trust Certificate in exceptional circumstances or as otherwise specified in the 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, applicable to the relevant Series. 
Each of S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P), Moody's Investors Service Inc. (USA) (Moody's) 
and/or Fitch Ratings Ltd (Fitch and together with S&P and Moody's, the Rating Agencies, and each a 
Rating Agency) has rated the IsDB.  
S&P is established in the European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (the 
CRA Regulation). S&P is not established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration 
under the CRA Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation), though the rating issued by S&P referred to below 
has been endorsed by S&P Global Ratings UK Limited. S&P Global Ratings UK Limited is established 
in the United Kingdom and is registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  
Moody’s is not established in the United Kingdom or the European Union and has not applied for 
registration under the CRA Regulation or the UK CRA Regulation, though its rating referred to below 
has been endorsed by Moody’s Deutschland GmbH in accordance with the CRA Regulation and 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Moody’s Deutschland 
GmbH is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. is established in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the UK 
CRA Regulation. 
Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and registered in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The rating issued by Fitch referred to below has been endorsed by Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited. Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited is established in the European Union and registered under the CRA Regulation. 
S&P has given the IsDB a long-term issuer rating of 'AAA' and a short-term issuer rating of 'A-1+' with 
a stable outlook. Moody's has given the IsDB a long-term issuer rating of 'Aaa' and a short-term issuer 
rating of P-1 with a stable outlook. Fitch has given the IsDB a long-term issuer rating of 'AAA' and a 
short-term issuer rating of 'F1+' with a stable outlook. 
Moody's is expected to issue a rating of 'Aaa', S&P is expected to issue a rating of ‘AAA’ and Fitch has 
issued a rating of ‘AAA’ in respect of the Programme. Trust Certificates issued under the Programme 
may also be assigned a rating by one or more of the Rating Agencies. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to revision or 
withdrawal at any time by the Rating Agencies. A suspension, reduction or withdrawal of the rating 
assigned to the Trust Certificates may adversely affect the market price of the Trust Certificates. The 
Trustees have not requested a rating on the Trust Certificates by any rating agency other than the Rating 
Agencies. 
The Trustees and the IsDB may agree with any Dealer that Trust Certificates may be issued with terms 
and conditions not contemplated by the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" herein, in which 
event a supplemental Base Prospectus, if appropriate, will be made available which will describe the 
effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Trust Certificates. 
Arranger 
Standard Chartered Bank

--- Page 8 ---
Dealers
CIMB 
Citigroup 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
First Abu Dhabi Bank 
HSBC 
J.P. Morgan 
NATIXIS 
Société Générale 
Corporate & Investment Banking 
Standard Chartered Bank 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 19 April 2022.

--- Page 9 ---
i
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Trust Certificates (other than Exempt 
Certificates) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Each of the Issuers and the IsDB (together, the Responsible Persons) accepts responsibility for the information 
contained in this Base Prospectus and declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the 
case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is, to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the 
facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
The DFSA does not accept any responsibility for the content of the information included in this Base 
Prospectus, including the accuracy or completeness of such information. The liability for the content of this 
Base Prospectus lies with the Issuers and the IsDB. The DFSA has also not assessed the suitability of any Trust 
Certificates issued under this Programme to any particular investor or type of investor and has not determined 
whether they are Shari’a compliant. If you do not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus or are unsure 
whether any Trust Certificates issued under this Base Prospectus are suitable for your individual investment 
objectives and circumstances, you should consult an authorised financial advisor. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed together with any amendments or supplements hereto and 
with any other documents incorporated by reference herein and, in relation to any Tranche of Trust Certificates, 
should be read and construed together with the applicable Final Terms or in the case of Exempt Certificates, 
the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Copies of the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, will be available 
from the registered office of the relevant Issuer and the specified office set out below of the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined below) save that, if the relevant Trust Certificates are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable by a 
Certificateholder holding one or more Trust Certificates and such Certificateholders must produce evidence 
satisfactory to the relevant Trustee or, as the case may be, the Principal Paying Agent as to their holding of 
such Trust Certificates. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme and, if 
given or made, such information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the 
Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers (as defined in the "General Description of Programme"), the Agents (each as 
defined herein), the Delegate or any other person. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, nor the offering or sale of any Trust Certificate hereunder 
shall, under any circumstances, constitute a representation or create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of either of the Trustee or the IsDB since the date hereof. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme constitutes an offer of, or an invitation 
by, or on behalf of, either of the Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers, the Agents or the Delegate to subscribe for, 
or purchase any Trust Certificates. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer, and may not be used for 
the purposes of an offer to, or a solicitation by, anyone in any jurisdiction or in any circumstances in which 
such an offer or solicitation is not authorised or is unlawful. 
The Dealers, the Agents and the Delegate have not independently verified the information contained herein. 
Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or 
liability is accepted by the Dealers, the Agents and the Delegate or any of them as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information contained in this Base Prospectus or of any other information provided by 
either of the Trustees or the IsDB in connection with the Trust Certificates or their distribution. None of the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any acts or omissions of either of 
the Trustees, the IsDB or any other person (other than the relevant Dealer) in connection with the Base 
Prospectus or the issue and offering of the Trust Certificates. 
This Base Prospectus is not intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation, save for making an 
investment decision on the Trust Certificates, and should not be considered as a recommendation by the

--- Page 10 ---
ii
Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers, the Agents, the Delegate or any other person that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus should purchase any of the Trust Certificates. Each investor contemplating purchasing Trust 
Certificates should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own 
appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the relevant Trustee and/or the IsDB. This Base Prospectus may only be 
used for the purposes for which it has been published. 
No comment is made or advice given by either of the Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents 
or any other person in respect of taxation matters relating to any Trust Certificates or the legality of the 
purchase of Trust Certificates by an investor under applicable or similar laws. 
EACH PROSPECTIVE INVESTOR IS ADVISED TO CONSULT ITS OWN TAX ADVISER, LEGAL 
ADVISER AND BUSINESS ADVISER AS TO TAX, LEGAL, BUSINESS AND RELATED MATTERS 
CONCERNING THE PURCHASE OF ANY TRUST CERTIFICATES. 
The Trust Certificates may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in Trust 
Certificates must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 

have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Trust Certificates, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Trust Certificates and the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus; 

have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Trust Certificates and the impact the Trust Certificates will have 
on its overall investment portfolio; 

have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Trust 
Certificates, including where the currency of payment is different from the potential investor's currency; 

understand thoroughly the terms of the Trust Certificates and be familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets; and 

be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic 
and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Trust Certificates shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning either of the Trustees or the IsDB 
is correct at any time subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in this document containing the same. 
The Trust Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the Securities Act). Subject to certain exceptions, Trust Certificates may not be offered or sold 
within the United States of America (the United States) or to or for the benefit or account of, U.S. persons (as 
defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
Amounts payable under the Trust Certificates may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR, €STR, SONIA 
and SOFR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the administrator of EURIBOR is included in the European 
Securities and Markets Authority’s (ESMA) register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) 
No. 2016/1011 (as amended, the Benchmarks Regulation). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of €STR, SONIA and SOFR are not included in ESMA's register of administrators under the 
Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the IsDB is aware, €STR, SONIA and SOFR do not fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that regulation.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of any offer to buy any Trust 
Certificates in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction. The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Trust Certificates may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions. The Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers, the Delegate and the Agents do not 
represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Trust Certificates may be lawfully

--- Page 11 ---
iii
offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or 
pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such 
distribution or offering. In particular, no action has been taken by the Trustees, the IsDB, the Dealers, the 
Delegate or the Agents which is intended to permit a public offering of any Trust Certificates or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Trust 
Certificates may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any 
advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under 
circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus or any Trust Certificates may come must inform themselves about, and 
observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Trust 
Certificates. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale 
of Trust Certificates in the United States, the EEA, the United Kingdom, the United Arab Emirates (excluding 
the Dubai International Financial Centre (the DIFC)), the DIFC, Jersey, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia (KSA), 
Luxembourg, Hong Kong, Republic of Singapore (Singapore), Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre), 
the Kingdom of Bahrain (Bahrain) and Taiwan, the Republic of China (ROC) (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or the Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Tranche of Trust Certificates may include a legend entitled 
"MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust Certificates, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.  
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms (or the Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Tranche of Trust Certificates may include a legend entitled 
“UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates and which channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR  Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Trust Certificates is a manufacturer in respect of such Trust 
Certificates, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Tranche of Trust Certificates includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors", the relevant Trust Certificates are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For 
these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point 
(11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the 
Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail

--- Page 12 ---
iv
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or the Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be) in respect of any Trust Certificates includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors", the relevant Trust Certificates are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). 
For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in 
point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required 
by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs 
Regulation) for offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.

--- Page 13 ---
v
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION - In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) 
and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore (the CMP 
Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of Trust Certificates, the Trustees have 
determined, and hereby notify all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that the Trust 
Certificates are prescribed capital markets products (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded 
Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and 
MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Trust Certificates outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme will not exceed U.S.$25,000,000,000 and for this purpose, any Trust Certificates denominated in 
another currency shall be translated into U.S.$ at the date of the agreement to issue such Trust Certificates 
(calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer Agreement (as defined herein)). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of Trust Certificates which may be outstanding at any one time under the 
Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
The unit of account of the IsDB-OCR (as defined below) is the Islamic Dinar. At the date of this Base 
Prospectus, one ID is equal to one SDR of the IMF. The IMF revises the SDR valuation every five years. With 
effect from 1 October 2016, the IMF has assigned the following weights to the five component currencies of 
the SDR: U.S. Dollar (41.73 per cent.), euro (30.93 per cent.), Chinese Yuan (10.92 per cent.), British Pound 
Sterling (8.09 per cent.) and Japanese Yen (8.33 per cent.).  
In this Base Prospectus all references to:

$, U.S.$ or U.S. Dollars are to the lawful currency of the United States of America;  

£, GBP and Sterling are to United Kingdom pounds sterling;  

€, EUR or euro are to the single currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European 
Economic and Monetary Union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Community, as 
amended (the Treaty); 

AAOIFI are to the Accounting and Auditing Organization for Islamic Financial Institutions; 

IFRS are to the International Financial Reporting Standards; 

IMF are to the International Monetary Fund; 

ID or Islamic Dinar are to the unit account of the IsDB; 

Japanese Yen are to the lawful currency of Japan;  

NT$ are to the lawful currency of the ROC; 

PRC are to the People's Republic of China (which, for the purposes of this Base Prospectus, excludes 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region 
of the PRC and Taiwan); 

Renminbi, Chinese Yuan, RMB or CNY are to the lawful currency of the PRC;

--- Page 14 ---
vi

SAR are to Saudi Riyals; and 

SDR are to Special Drawing Right of the IMF. 
The U.S. Dollar amounts in parentheses after ID amounts in this Base Prospectus are only indicative and 
approximations of actual amounts in ID which may vary from the U.S. Dollar figures used in the annual report 
and audited financial statements of the IsDB-OCR. For the purpose of simplicity and except where otherwise 
indicated, all financial statement figures as at and for the year ended 31 December 2020 have been converted 
using exchange rates of ID1 = U.S.$1.44027 and all financial statement figures as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 have been converted using exchange rates of ID1 = U.S.$ 1.38283, in each instance being the 
exchange rate most recently published by the IMF prior to 31 December of the relevant year. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to the year ended 31 December 2019 are to the financial year of the 
IsDB–OCR or the relevant Trustee, as applicable, and the year ended 31 December 2020 are to the financial 
year of the IsDB–OCR or the relevant Trustee, as applicable. 
IsDB - Ordinary Capital Resources (the IsDB-OCR) includes subscribed capital, deposits, amounts received 
in repayment of loans and amounts received from the sale of equity holdings and income from investments on 
ordinary operations, as well as any other funds raised or received by the IsDB-OCR, or placed at its disposal, 
or income received by it, which do not form part of the resources of special funds and trust funds established 
by the IsDB. 
Since its incorporation, IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL has not prepared any audited financial statements. 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL is required to publish audited financial statements under Luxembourg law 
from its financial year ended 31 December 2021. Publication of such accounts is required by 31 July 2022. 
Presentation of Alternative Performance Measures 
In this Base Prospectus, the IsDB-OCR uses the following metrics in the analysis of its business and financial 
position, which the IsDB-OCR considers to constitute Alternative Performance Measures (APMs) as defined 
in the European Securities and Markets Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures. 
Metric 
Definition and method of
calculation 
 
Rationale for inclusion 
Debt / equity  
Total debt of the IsDB-
OCR divided by total
members' equity of the
IsDB-OCR.  
Leverage measure. The ratio indicates how
much debt the IsDB-OCR is using to finance
its assets relative to the amount of value
represented in members' equity. A low
percentage would indicate that the IsDB-
OCR is using less leverage and has a
stronger equity position. 
Total debt for these purposes comprises
sukuk issued, Wakala due and commodity
Murabaha liabilities. 
Assets / total liabilities 
Total assets of the IsDB-
OCR divided by its total
liabilities. 
The ratio compares the assets accumulated
by the IsDB-OCR against its existing short
and long-term liabilities. A high percentage
would indicate that the IsDB-OCR has a
better ability to satisfy its financial
obligations using its total assets.

--- Page 15 ---
vii
Metric 
Definition and method of
calculation 
 
Rationale for inclusion 
Liquid 
assets 
/ 
total 
liabilities 
Liquid assets of the IsDB-
OCR divided by its total
liabilities. 
Liquidity measure. The ratio compares the
liquid assets accumulated by the IsDB-OCR
against its existing short and long-term
liabilities. A high percentage would indicate
that the IsDB-OCR has a better ability to
satisfy its financial obligations using its
liquid assets. 
For these purposes, liquid assets comprise
treasury assets which include cash and cash
equivalents, 
commodity 
Murabaha
placements, 
sukuk 
investments 
and
Murabaha financing. 
Liquid assets / short term 
liabilities 
Liquid assets of the IsDB-
OCR divided by its short-
term liabilities. 
Liquidity measure. The ratio compares the
liquid assets accumulated by the IsDB-OCR
against its existing short-term liabilities. A
high percentage would indicate that the
IsDB-OCR has a better ability to satisfy its
short term financial obligations using its
liquid assets. 
For these purposes, liquid assets comprise
treasury assets which include cash and cash
equivalents, 
commodity 
Murabaha
placements, 
sukuk 
investments 
and
Murabaha 
financing, 
and 
short-term
liabilities include commodity Murabaha
liabilities and other liabilities. 
Equity / total liabilities 
Total members' equity of
the IsDB-OCR divided by
the total liabilities of the
IsDB-OCR. 
Capitalisation measure. The ratio measures
the amount of the IsDB-OCR's members'
equity as compared to its short and long-
term liabilities. A high percentage would 
indicate that the IsDB-OCR has enough
equity to cover its financial obligations. 
Top five exposures / total 
gross loans 
Total top five countries
outstanding exposure of
the IsDB-OCR on its
sovereign 
and 
non-
sovereign project assets
and Murabaha financing
divided by total gross
loans. 
Risk management measure. The ratio
measures the amount of top five countries
outstanding exposure of the IsDB-OCR
compared to its total gross loans. A lower
ratio indicates less risk concentration.  
Total gross loans for these purposes includes
project assets (gross) plus Murabaha
financing (gross). 
Equity/assets  
Total members' equity of
the IsDB-OCR divided by
the total assets of the IsDB-
OCR. 
Solvency measure. The ratio is an indicator
of the level of leverage used by the IsDB-
OCR and represents the amount of assets on
which the Member Countries (as defined
herein) have a residual claim. The higher the
ratio, the less leveraged the IsDB-OCR is,

--- Page 16 ---
viii
Metric 
Definition and method of
calculation 
 
Rationale for inclusion 
meaning that a larger percentage of its assets
are owned by the IsDB-OCR and its
Member Countries. 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, AAOIFI. The APMs are not measurements 
of the IsDB-OCR’s operating performance under AAOIFI and should not be considered as alternatives to any 
measures of performance under AAOIFI or as measures of the IsDB-OCR’s liquidity.  
Presentation of Other Information
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
Bahrain means the Kingdom of Bahrain; 
Egypt means the Arab Republic of Egypt; 
Fiqh Academy means the International Islamic Fiqh Academy, an institution established by the Organisation 
of the Islamic Conference to interpret and develop Islamic jurisprudence; 
GCC means the Gulf Cooperation Council; 
Ijarah means contracts where a lessor leases property to a lessee in respect of which regular payments are due 
from the lessee; 
Ijarah muntahia bittamleek means an ijarah contract with an option for the lessee to purchase the leased 
asset at the end of the term of the lease; 
Istisna'a means a financing facility where the price is paid by the financiers to the contractor/supplier in 
accordance with the progress of the project being undertaken or goods being manufactured for selling the 
project/goods to the buyer. The payment by the buyer to the financier could be a lump sum or be paid over a 
period in various instalments (similar to a Murabaha). The difference between this and a Murabaha is that 
under a Murabaha the goods already exist at the time of draw down whereas under an istisna'a the goods are 
manufactured and then sold to the buyer. Therefore, an istisna'a is a sale contract where the buyer generally 
starts paying the instalments even before the goods/project are transferred; 
KSA means the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia; 
Kuwait means the State of Kuwait; 
Member Countries means the countries that are shareholders in the IsDB; 
MENA region means the Middle East and North Africa region; 
Mudaraba means a partnership between two or more parties whereby a partner provides capital to the 
partnership and another partner provides managerial skills in respect of the management of the investment or 
venture which is the subject of the partnership; 
Mudarib means a person who agrees to manage an investment or a venture in return for a percentage of the 
profit; 
Musharaka means a partnership between two or more parties whereby each partner makes a capital 
contribution to the partnership (in cash or in kind) and shares the profit and loss in respect of that partnership 
in accordance with the terms agreed between the partners at the time of entering into the partnership 
arrangement;

--- Page 17 ---
ix
Murabaha means a sale contract whereby the purchase price is determined on a cost plus a predetermined 
profit basis and such purchase price is payable either by instalments or through a single payment; 
Oman means the Sultanate of Oman;
OPEC means the Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries; 
Qatar means the State of Qatar; 
Rab al-Maal means a person who invests in a mudaraba contract; 
Turkey means the Republic of Turkey; 
UAE means the United Arab Emirates; 
Wakala means a contract of agency or delegated authority pursuant to which the principal appoints an agent 
(wakeel) to carry out a specific task on its behalf; and 
Waqf means an endowment fund. 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical 
facts included in this Base Prospectus may constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements 
generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, such as "may", "will", "expect", 
"intend", "estimate", "anticipate", "believe", "continue" or similar terminology. Although the IsDB believes 
that the expectations reflected in its forward-looking statements are reasonable as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, there can be no assurance that these expectations will prove to be correct. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted.

--- Page 18 ---
x
GENERAL NOTICE TO INVESTORS 
The transaction structure relating to the Trust Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus) has been 
approved by the IsDB Group Shariah Board. Prospective Certificateholders should rely on their own Shari'a 
advisers as to whether the proposed transaction described in the approval referred to above meets their respective 
Shari’a requirements. None of the Trustee, the IsDB, the Dealers, the Delegate or any of the Agents makes any 
representation as to the Shari'a compliance of the Trust Certificates and/or any trading thereof. 
NOTICE TO UK RESIDENTS
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme which do not constitute "alternative finance investment bonds" 
within the meaning of Article 77A of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) as amended by the 
Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Regulated Activities) (Amendment) Order 2010 (Non-Regulatory AFIBs) 
will represent interests in a collective investment scheme (as defined in the FSMA) which has not been authorised, 
recognised or otherwise approved by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the FCA). Accordingly, 
the Trust Certificates cannot be marketed in the United Kingdom to the general public and this Base Prospectus 
is not being distributed to, and must not be passed on to, the general public in the United Kingdom. 
The distribution in the United Kingdom of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, and any other marketing materials relating to the Trust Certificates of any Series (A) if effected 
by a person who is not an authorised person under FSMA, is being addressed to, or directed at, only the following 
persons: (i) persons who are "Investment Professionals" as defined in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and 
Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (the Financial Promotion Order) and (ii) persons falling 
within any of the categories of persons described in Article 49(2)(a)-(d) (High net worth companies, unincorporated 
associations, etc.) of the Financial Promotion Order and (B) if the Trust Certificates are Non-Regulatory AFIBs 
and the distribution is effected by a person who is an authorised person under FSMA, is being addressed to, or 
directed at, only the following persons: (i) persons falling within one of the categories of "Investment Professional" 
as defined in Article 14(5) of the FSMA (Promotion of Collective Investment Schemes) (Exemption) Order 2001 
(the Promotion of CIS Order), (ii) persons falling within any of the categories of person described in Article 22 
(High net worth companies, unincorporated associations, etc.) of the Promotion of CIS Order and (iii) any other 
person to whom it may otherwise lawfully be made in accordance with the Promotion of CIS Order. Persons of 
any other description in the United Kingdom may not receive and should not act or rely on this Base Prospectus, 
any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, or any other marketing materials in relation to the 
Trust Certificates of any Series. 
Potential investors in the United Kingdom in any Trust Certificates which are Non-Regulatory AFIBs are advised 
that all, or most, of the protections afforded by the United Kingdom regulatory system will not apply to an 
investment in the Trust Certificates and that compensation will not be available under the United Kingdom 
Financial Services Compensation Scheme. 
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult his 
professional adviser and ensure that he fully understands all the risks associated with making such an investment 
and that he has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from such investment. 
The contents of this Base Prospectus as amended or supplemented from time to time have not been approved by 
an authorised person in accordance with the rules of the FCA. 
JERSEY NOTICE
The Jersey Financial Services Commission (the Commission) has given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under 
Article 9(1) of the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Order 1958 (COBO) as amended to the raising of money in Jersey 
by the issue of Trust Certificates from time to time under the Programme by IDB Trust Services Limited. The 
Commission has also given, and has not withdrawn, its consent under Article 8(3) of COBO as amended to the 
circulation of the Base Prospectus, or any other documents pursuant to which an offer of Trust Certificates may 
be made, in Jersey in respect of the Trust Certificates issued by IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL. The Commission 
is protected by the Control of Borrowing (Jersey) Law 1947, as amended, against liability arising from the 
discharge of its functions under that Law.
The investments described in this Base Prospectus do not constitute a collective investment fund for the purpose 
of the Collective Investment Funds (Jersey) Law 1988, as amended, on the basis that they are investment products 
designed for financially sophisticated investors with specialist knowledge of, and experience of investing in, such 
investments, who are capable of fully evaluating the risks involved in making such investments and who have an 
asset base sufficiently substantial as to enable them to sustain any loss that they might suffer as a result of making

--- Page 19 ---
xi
such investments. These investments are not regarded by the Jersey Financial Services Commission as suitable 
investments for any other type of investor.
Any individual intending to invest in any investment described in this Base Prospectus should consult his or her 
professional adviser and ensure that he or she fully understands all the risks associated with making such an 
investment and has sufficient financial resources to sustain any loss that may arise from it.
Potential investors who are in any doubt about the contents of this Base Prospectus should consult their 
stockbroker, bank manager, solicitor, accountant or other financial adviser. 
The price of the Trust Certificates and the profit distributions from them can go down as well as up. 
LUXEMBOURG NOTICE 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered to the public, within the meaning of Article 2(d) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, in or from Luxembourg and each prospective Certificateholder states that it will not offer 
the Trust Certificates or cause the offering of the Trust Certificates or contribute to the offering of the Trust 
Certificates to the public in or from Luxembourg, unless: 

a prospectus has been duly approved by the Luxembourg financial supervisory authority, the Commission 
de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the Prospectus Act); or

if Luxembourg is the relevant Issuer’s host Member State within the meaning of Article 2(n)(ii) of the 
Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF has been notified by the home Member State’s competent authority that 
the latter has duly approved the prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation; or

the offer is made to a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation; or

the offer benefits from any other exemption from, or constitutes a transaction otherwise not subject to, the 
requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus Act.
The CSSF has not and will not review, approve or register the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation 
or the Prospectus Act.
The Trust Certificates are not and will not be listed or otherwise admitted to trading, under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Act, on any Luxembourg stock exchange or on any other regulated or unregulated 
market in Luxembourg.
NOTICE TO BAHRAIN RESIDENTS 
In relation to investors in Bahrain, certificates issued in connection with this Base Prospectus and related offering 
documents must only be offered in registered form to existing account holders and accredited investors (each as 
defined by the Central Bank of Bahrain (the CBB)) in Bahrain where such investors make a minimum investment 
of at least U.S.$100,000 or any equivalent amount in other currency or such other amount as the CBB may 
determine.  
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of securities in Bahrain in terms of Article (81) of the Central 
Bank and Financial Institutions Law 2006 (Decree Law No. 64 of 2006). This Base Prospectus and any related 
offering documents have not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the CBB. Accordingly, no 
securities may be offered, sold or made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase nor will this Base 
Prospectus or any other related document or material be used in connection with any offer, sale or invitation to 
subscribe or purchase securities, whether directly or indirectly, to persons in Bahrain, other than to accredited 
investors (as such term is defined by the CBB) for an offer outside Bahrain. 
The CBB has not reviewed, approved or registered the Base Prospectus or any related offering documents and it 
has not in any way considered the merits of the securities to be offered for investment, whether in or outside the 
Kingdom of Bahrain. 
Therefore, the CBB assumes no responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the statements and information 
contained in this document and expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising from 
reliance upon the whole or any part of the content of this document. No offer of securities will be made to the

--- Page 20 ---
xii
public in Bahrain and this Base Prospectus must be read by the addressee only and must not be issued, passed to, 
or made available to the public generally. 
KINGDOM OF SAUDI ARABIA NOTICE 
This Base Prospectus may not be distributed in the KSA except to such persons as are permitted under the Rules 
on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations issued by the Saudi Arabian Capital Market Authority (the 
CMA). 
The CMA does not make any representations as to the accuracy or completeness of this Base Prospectus, and 
expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss arising from, or incurred in reliance upon, any part of 
this Base Prospectus. Prospective purchasers of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme should conduct 
their own due diligence on the accuracy of the information relating to the Trust Certificates. If a prospective 
purchaser does not understand the contents of this Base Prospectus he or she should consult an authorised 
financial adviser. 
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF MALAYSIA
Pursuant to the Guidelines on Unlisted Capital Market Products under the Lodge and Launch Framework, issued 
by the Securities Commission Malaysia (the SC) on 9 March 2015, effective from 15 June 2015 and revised on 22 
November 2021 (the Guidelines on Unlisted Capital Market Products), the lodgement in relation to the Programme 
has been made with the SC on 5 October 2015. A copy of the Base Prospectus will be deposited by CIMB 
Investment Bank Berhad, who has been appointed as principal adviser in connection with any dealing with 
Malaysian authorities, with the SC in accordance with the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the 
CMSA), and the Guidelines on Unlisted Capital Markets Products. 
The Trust Certificates may not be offered for subscription or purchase and no invitation to subscribe for or 
purchase the Trust Certificates may be made in Malaysia and this Base Prospectus or any document or other 
materials in connection therewith may not be distributed in Malaysia directly or indirectly for the purpose of any 
sale of the Trust Certificates in Malaysia, unless such offer for subscription or purchase, invitation to subscribe or 
purchase or sale falls within: (i) if at issuance of the Trust Certificates, Part I of Schedule 6, Part I of Schedule 7 
and Schedule 8 (or Section 257(3)), read together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CMSA; or (ii) if after 
the issuance of the Trust Certificates, Part I of Schedule 6 (or Section 229(1)(b)) and Schedule 8 (or Section 257(3)), 
read together with Schedule 9 (or Section 257(3)) of the CMSA. 
The SC does not take any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus or make any representation as to 
its accuracy or completeness and the SC expressly disclaims any liability whatsoever for any loss howsoever arising 
from, or as a result of any reliance upon, any part of the contents of this Base Prospectus. The lodgement with the 
SC shall not be taken to indicate that the SC recommends any subscription or purchase of the Trust Certificates 
or as any indication of the merits of the Trustees, the IsDB, the Delegate or the Trust Certificates. Investors are 
advised to read and understand the contents of this Base Prospectus before investing. If in any doubt, an investor 
should consult its advisers. 
CANADA NOTICE 
The distribution of the Trust Certificates in each of the provinces of Canada will be made only on a 
private placement basis exempt from the requirement that the Issuers prepare and file a prospectus 
with the securities regulatory authorities in each of the provinces of Canada where trades of the Trust 
Certificates are made. The Issuers are not reporting issuers in any province or territory of Canada. Any 
resale of the Trust Certificates in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws which may 
impose a hold period or require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a 
discretionary exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian 
purchasers are further advised that there is no intention to file a prospectus or similar document with 
any securities regulatory authority in Canada with respect to the offering or with respect to the resale 
of the Trust Certificates to the public in any province or territory of Canada.  Purchasers are advised 
to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the Trust Certificates as such resales may only be undertaken 
in accordance with applicable laws.

--- Page 21 ---
xiii
NOTICE TO RESIDENTS OF THE STATE OF QATAR 
Any Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme will not be offered or sold at any time, directly or 
indirectly, in the State of Qatar (Qatar) (including the Qatar Financial Centre) in a manner that would constitute 
a public offering. This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be reviewed or approved by, or registered with, 
the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, the Qatar Central Bank, the Qatar Stock Exchange or the Qatar Financial 
Centre Regulatory Authority in accordance with their regulations or any other regulations in Qatar. The Trust 
Certificates are not and will not be traded on the Qatar Stock Exchange. The Trust Certificates and interests 
therein will not be offered to investors domiciled or resident in Qatar and do not constitute debt financing in Qatar 
(including the Qatar Financial Centre) under the Commercial Companies Law No. (11) of 2015 or otherwise under 
the laws of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre). 
VOLCKER RULE  
IsDB takes the view that each Trustee is not a “covered fund” as such term is defined in Section 13 of the Bank Holding 
Company Act of 1956, as amended, and any implementing regulations and related guidance (the Volcker Rule).  
Accordingly, each Trustee intends to conduct its business so as not to constitute a "covered fund" for the purposes of the 
Volcker Rule.  The Volcker Rule generally prohibits "banking entities" (which is broadly defined to include U.S. banks 
and bank holding companies and many non-U.S. banking entities, together with their respective subsidiaries and other 
affiliates) from: (i) engaging in proprietary trading; (ii) acquiring or retaining an ownership interest in or sponsoring a 
"covered fund"; and (iii) entering into certain relationships with such funds.  Any prospective investor in the Trust 
Certificates, including a U.S. or foreign bank or a subsidiary or other affiliate thereof, should consult its own legal advisors 
regarding such matters and other effects of the Volcker Rule. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche, the Dealer or Dealers named as the stabilisation manager(s) (the Stabilisation 
Manager(s)) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement may effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the Trust Certificates at a level higher 
than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may 
begin on or after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than 
the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche. Any stabilisation action must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf 
of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 22 ---
xiv 
CONTENTS 
Important Notices ......................................................................................................................................... i
General Description of the Programme ......................................................................................................... 1
Risk Factors ..............................................................................................................................................12
Documents Incorporated by Reference ........................................................................................................30
Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates ............................................................................................31
Form of Final Terms..................................................................................................................................81
Form of Pricing Supplement ......................................................................................................................92
Form of Trust Certificates ........................................................................................................................102
Use of Proceeds ......................................................................................................................................106
Description of IDB Trust Services Limited ................................................................................................107
Description of the IsDB ...........................................................................................................................109
Summary of Significant differences between the Financial Accounting standards issued by AAOIFI and IFRS
158
General Description of the Portfolio .........................................................................................................160
Summary of the Principal Programme Documents .....................................................................................162
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................174
Subscription and Sale ..............................................................................................................................181
Canadian Purchaser’s Rights ....................................................................................................................192
General Information ................................................................................................................................198

--- Page 23 ---
1
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following is an overview of the principal features of the Programme. This overview does not contain 
all of the information that an investor should consider before investing in Trust Certificates and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. Each investor should read the entire Base Prospectus and the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, carefully, especially 
the risks of investing in the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme discussed under "Risk 
Factors".
Reference to a "Condition" is to a numbered condition of the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust 
Certificates".
Words and expressions defined in "Form of Trust Certificates" and "Terms and Conditions of the Trust 
Certificates" shall have the same meanings in this general description.
The Programme provides a facility for the issuance of Trust Certificates in Series, which may comprise 
one or more Tranches. The terms and conditions governing each Tranche of Trust Certificates will be 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates" as described herein, as completed by the applicable 
Final Terms or as completed, modified or supplemented by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. The following is a summary of the principal features of the Trust Certificates. 
On the occasion of each issuance of Trust Certificates, the relevant Issuer will receive the contributions 
from the Certificateholders representing the proceeds of the Trust Certificates in the amount specified in 
the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Each Issuer has agreed to apply, on each occasion on which Trust Certificates are issued by it and in 
respect of the relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates issued by it only, the net proceeds of the issue of 
such Trust Certificates to purchase from the IsDB a portfolio of assets created by the IsDB (on the basis 
of the assessment of the historical performance of different asset classes) which shall be separate and 
independent from all other assets of the IsDB and shall comprise: 
(a)
at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, 
Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets; and 
(b)
no more than 49 per cent. intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables, Loan (Qard) 
Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables and/or Murabaha Receivables, 
including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any amounts due in connection with such 
assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts payable, or to 
become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to the assets and the benefit of, and the right 
to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to exercise all powers of the IsDB thereunder, 
such portfolio being, in respect of the first Tranche under a Series, the Initial Portfolio and, in respect 
of any other Tranche under a Series, the Additional Portfolio. The portfolio in respect of each Series 
shall comprise the Initial Portfolio, any Additional Portfolio and any Additional Portfolio Assets 
purchased from time to time (the Portfolio), in accordance with the Master Purchase Agreement and, in 
respect of each Tranche, a Supplemental Purchase Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Master Wakala Agreement, on the date of each Supplemental Wakala Agreement, the 
IsDB and the Issuer shall also agree that on the relevant Dissolution Date, the amount by which the return 
on such Portfolio exceeds the Periodic Distribution Amounts due to Certificateholders in respect of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, and whether relating to Fixed Periodic Distribution Amounts or Floating 
Periodic Distribution Amounts) shall be retained by the IsDB as an Incentive Fee (as defined in the

--- Page 24 ---
2
Master Wakala Agreement) for its services as Wakeel in relation to the Programme. In addition, the 
Wakeel shall be paid a nominal amount of U.S.$100, on the date of each Supplemental Wakala 
Agreement, as a basic fee (the Basic Fee). 
Pursuant to an Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking, the relevant Trustee has been granted the 
right to require the IsDB to sell, in certain circumstances (as detailed below), to such Trustee on the 
relevant Settlement Date (as specified in the relevant exercise notice (the Additional Portfolio Assets 
Exercise Notice) scheduled to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed), at the relevant 
purchase price (the Purchase Price), the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets (as defined in the Master 
Purchase Agreement and as specified in the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice). 
The Purchase Price payable for the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets will be specified in the relevant 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement scheduled to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale 
Undertaking Deed and will be an aggregate amount no greater than the total amount of principal 
collections to be applied to the acquisition of Additional Portfolio Assets in order to reduce any Revenue 
Generating Assets Shortfall disclosed in a Servicing Report to zero (the Revenue Generating Assets 
Make-Whole Amount) in respect of the relevant Series. 
The right granted under the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed may only be exercised 
by the relevant Trustee, and only to the extent that, the IsDB has relevant Additional Portfolio Assets on 
its balance sheet and at its disposal for sale to the relevant Trustee (as specified in the relevant Purchase 
Report (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement)) and if: 
(a)
in respect of the relevant Series, on the relevant Report Date (as defined in the Master Purchase 
Agreement) prior to the relevant Settlement Date: 
(i)
the aggregate net asset value of all Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, 
Sukuk and Restricted Mudaraba Assets comprised in the relevant Portfolio (less all 
principal collections (if any) received in respect of those assets during the period from the 
closing date or the relevant settlement date (as applicable) to but excluding the relevant 
Report Date) divided by the net asset value of the relevant Portfolio and multiplied by one 
hundred, as set out in the relevant Servicing Report on a Report Date (the Tangibility), as 
identified in the Servicing Report (as defined in the Master Wakala Agreement), is less than 
51 per cent.; or 
(ii)
there is a Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall identified in the relevant Servicing Report, 
by delivering an Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice to the IsDB specifying the Settlement 
Date and details of the Additional Portfolio Assets to be purchased; and 
(b)
the Additional Portfolio Assets specified in the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise 
Notice comprise of: 
(i)
in the event that the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice is delivered 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(i) above, the rights, title, interest and benefit of the IsDB in, to 
and under Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted 
Mudaraba Assets (as, and only to the extent, specified in the relevant Purchase Report) the 
aggregate Net Asset Value (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) of such Leased 
Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets being 
no greater than the relevant Tangibility Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Master 
Wakala Agreement); and 
(ii)
in the event that the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice is delivered 
pursuant to paragraph (a)(ii) above, Additional Portfolio Assets (as, and only to the extent,

--- Page 25 ---
3
specified in the relevant Purchase Report) the aggregate Net Asset Value of such Additional 
Portfolio Assets being no greater than the relevant Revenue Generating Assets Make-Whole 
Amount. 
Following the exercise of this right, the relevant Trustee will pay the relevant Purchase Price to the IsDB 
and such Trustee and the IsDB will enter into an Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement to effect 
the sale of the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets to such Trustee. 
In the event that the IsDB has insufficient assets available to sell to the relevant Trustee on a Settlement 
Date, such Trustee will not be able to exercise the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed. 
Instead the relevant Trustee shall instruct the Wakeel to purchase additional Sukuk and Shares from the 
open market on its behalf in accordance with the terms of the Master Wakala Agreement. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed in respect of the relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates, the relevant Trustee 
will declare a trust (each, a Trust) over the Trust Assets. Each Trust will be declared for the benefit of 
the Certificateholders of the relevant Tranche. 
The relevant Trustee shall carry out the activities of the relevant Trust in accordance with the Trust Deed. 
In accordance with the Trust Deed, the relevant Trustee will unconditionally and irrevocably appoint the 
Delegate to be its attorney and to exercise certain future duties, powers, authorities and discretions vested 
in the relevant Trustee by certain provisions of the Trust Deed and in accordance with the terms of the 
Trust Deed at all times. 
Each Trustee has appointed the IsDB to perform limited actions in order to manage the Portfolio of each 
Series of Trust Certificates issued by it pursuant to the Master Wakala Agreement, as supplemented by 
the Supplemental Wakala Agreement. 
Profit received in respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will, after paying the 
expenses of the relevant Trust, be applied to make Periodic Distributions in respect of such Series of 
Trust Certificates on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date(s), as more particularly described in the 
Terms and Conditions. If on the Dissolution Date, the amount of profit collected by the IsDB as Wakeel 
in respect of the Portfolio is in excess of the Periodic Distribution Amounts payable by the relevant 
Trustee to the Certificateholders of the relevant Series on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, the 
IsDB shall retain such excess, in accordance with the Master Wakala Agreement, as an incentive fee for 
the performance of its services as Wakeel. 
Principal amounts received in respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will be credited 
to the Principal Account and if either a Tangibility Make-Whole Amount and/or a Revenue Generating 
Assets Make-Whole Amount arises, shall be used firstly in acquiring from the IsDB Additional Portfolio 
Assets pursuant to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed and secondly, to the extent 
that the IsDB does not have sufficient Additional Portfolio Assets on its balance sheet and at its disposal 
for sale to the relevant Trustee to enable such Trustee to reinvest the principal amounts in full, by 
acquiring Shares and/or Sukuk in the open market (through the IsDB as its wakeel). Any such Additional 
Portfolio Assets, Shares and Sukuk will form part of the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates. 
The IsDB has undertaken and shall be unconditionally and irrevocably obliged to purchase the 
outstanding Portfolio on the relevant Maturity Date or following the occurrence of the Dissolution Event 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions) pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the relevant 
IsDB Purchase Agreement substantially in the form annexed to the Purchase Undertaking Deed and 
containing the specific terms applicable to the relevant purchase. 
Each Trustee has agreed to sell the outstanding Portfolio, upon the occurrence of an early dissolution for 
taxation reasons under Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Taxation Reasons) or an optional

--- Page 26 ---
4
dissolution (call) under Condition 11.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee), pursuant to a Sale 
Undertaking Deed and the relevant Sale Agreement substantially in the form annexed to the Sale 
Undertaking Deed and containing the specific terms applicable to the relevant purchase. 
The purchase price payable by the IsDB pursuant to each such IsDB Purchase Agreement or Sale 
Agreement, as the case may be, will be an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates, and (b) the amount of accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution 
Amounts on such date together with any additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the relevant 
Series pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation), as more particularly described in "Summary of the Principal 
Programme Documents". 
Pursuant to the Guarantee (as defined in the Terms and Conditions as defined herein), the IsDB has 
guaranteed to the Trustees the punctual performance of any and all payment obligations arising or falling 
due under or in respect of the assets constituting the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates 
to allow timely payment of profit amounts due to Certificateholders under the Trust Certificates 
(including any additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Taxation)). 
Certificateholders, by subscribing for or acquiring Trust Certificates, acknowledge that no 
recourse may be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of any Trust Certificates 
against the relevant Trustee or the Delegate, in any circumstances whatsoever, or the relevant 
Trust to the extent the relevant Trust Assets (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) have been 
exhausted, following which all obligations of the relevant Trustee, the Delegate and the relevant 
Trust shall be extinguished. 
Certificateholders should note that through a combination of, inter alia, the Guarantee and the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed, the relevant Trustee will have recourse to the IsDB and the ability of 
such Trustee to pay the amounts due in respect of the Trust Certificates will ultimately be 
dependent on the IsDB. 
A description of the IsDB is included within this Base Prospectus under "Description of the IsDB" below. 
The Master Purchase Agreement, the Master Wakala Agreement, the Guarantee, the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed, the Sale Undertaking Deed, the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed 
and the Master Trust Deed are described in more detail in "Summary of the Principal Programme 
Documents" below. 
Parties 
Issuer / Trustee: 
IDB Trust Services Limited, a company incorporated in 
accordance with the laws of, and formed and registered in, 
Jersey. 
The authorised share capital of IDB Trust Services Limited is 
£10,000 divided into 10,000 shares with a nominal value of 
£1.00. All of IDB Trust Services Limited's shares have been 
issued and are held by Intertrust Corporate Trustee (Jersey) 
Limited under the terms of a trust for charitable purposes. 
IDB Trust Services Limited will act as trustee in respect of the 
relevant Trust Assets (in its capacity as trustee) for the benefit 
of Certificateholders in accordance with the relevant Trust Deed 
and the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Trust Certificates.

--- Page 27 ---
5
Under the Master Trust Deed IDB Trust Services Limited will 
delegate certain powers, duties and authorities to the Delegate 
(as defined below), including the power and authority to enforce 
or realise the relevant Trust Assets. 
The affairs of IDB Trust Services Limited are managed by 
Intertrust SPV Services Limited (formerly known as Elian SPV 
Services Limited and Ogier SPV Services Limited) (as provider 
of corporate services to the Trustee) pursuant to a corporate 
services agreement entered into on or about 23 May 2005 (the 
Corporate Services Agreement). 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of IDB Trust Services Limited 
is 213800VKLEPJ95I3W549. 
Issuer / Trustee: 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL, a private limited liability 
company ("société à responsabilité limitée") incorporated under 
the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, having its 
registered office at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
and being registered with the Luxembourg trade and companies 
register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg) 
under number B247570. 
The issued share capital of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL is 
EUR 12,000 divided into 12,000 shares with a nominal value of 
EUR 1. All of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL's shares are held 
by Intertrust Fiscal Trustee a.r.l. 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL will act as trustee in respect of 
the relevant Trust Assets (in its capacity as trustee) for the 
benefit of Certificateholders in accordance with the relevant 
Trust Deed and the Terms and Conditions of the relevant Trust 
Certificates. Under the Master Trust Deed IsDB Trust Services 
No.2 SARL will delegate certain powers, duties and authorities 
to the Delegate (as defined below), including the power and 
authority to enforce or realise the relevant Trust Assets. 
The affairs of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL are managed by 
Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. pursuant to a management and 
administration agreement entered into on or about 15 September 
2020 (the Management and Administration Agreement). 
The 
LEI 
of 
IsDB 
Trust 
Services 
No.2 
SARL 
is 
222100S88XMYHA1E3547. 
Guarantor (in respect of payment 
obligations under the Portfolio):
The Islamic Development Bank. 
Guarantor LEI: 
254900TNNQC073KOJ554 
Arranger: 
Standard Chartered Bank. 
Dealers: 
CIMB Bank Berhad, Labuan Offshore Branch, Citigroup Global 
Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment

--- Page 28 ---
6
Bank, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, HSBC Bank plc, J.P. 
Morgan Securities plc, Natixis, Société Générale and Standard 
Chartered Bank and any other Dealers appointed in accordance 
with the Dealer Agreement. 
Delegate: 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Principal Paying Agent and 
Calculation Agent: 
HSBC Bank plc.  
Registrar, Replacement Agent 
and Transfer Agent: 
Intertrust SPV Services Limited (formerly known as Elian SPV 
Services Limited and Ogier SPV Services Limited). 
Corporate Administrators: 
Intertrust SPV Services Limited and Intertrust (Luxembourg) 
S.à r.l. 
Summary of the Programme
Listing: 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for Trust 
Certificates (other than Exempt Certificates) issued under the 
Programme during the period of 12 months from the date hereof 
to be admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Market. 
Application has been made to the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai 
for: (A) Trust Certificates (where the relevant Series are also 
admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the 
Market); or (B) Exempt Certificates (where the relevant Series 
are not admitted to the Official List nor admitted to trading on 
the Market), issued under this Programme during the period of 
12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be admitted 
to the Nasdaq Dubai. 
Application may be made to the Taipei Exchange for the listing 
and trading of: (A) Trust Certificates (where the relevant Series 
are also admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on 
the Market); or (B) Exempt Certificates (where the relevant 
Series are not admitted to the Official List nor admitted to 
trading on the Market) issued under this Programme.  
Exempt Certificates may be listed or admitted to trading, as the 
case may be, on such other or further stock exchanges or 
markets as may be agreed between the relevant Issuer, the IsDB 
and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Exempt 
Certificates which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on 
any market may also be issued. The applicable Pricing 
Supplement will state whether or not the relevant Exempt 
Certificates are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, 
on which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Programme Amount: 
Up to U.S.$25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies) aggregate principal amount of Trust Certificates 
outstanding at any one time. The size of the Programme may be 
increased in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement.

--- Page 29 ---
7
Distribution: 
Trust Certificates may be distributed by way of private or public 
placement and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated 
basis. 
Denominations: 
Subject as set out below, Trust Certificates may be issued in 
such denominations as may be agreed between the relevant 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements, as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or the applicable Pricing Supplement (as the case may be). 
Trust Certificates which may be admitted to trading on the 
Market and/or admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any other competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system situated or operating in a member state of the EEA or 
offered to the public in a member state of the EEA in 
circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus 
under the Prospectus Regulation, may not: (a) have a minimum 
denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in another 
currency), or (b) carry the right to acquire shares (or transferable 
securities equivalent to shares) issued by the Issuer or by any 
entity to whose group the Issuer belongs. 
Issue Price: 
Trust Certificates may only be issued on a fully-paid basis and 
at an issue price which is at par. 
Final 
Terms 
and 
Pricing 
Supplement: 
Each Tranche will be the subject of Final Terms or a Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, which, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, completes, or, in the case of Exempt Certificates, 
completes, supplements or modifies the Terms and Conditions 
of the Trust Certificates and this Base Prospectus and must be 
read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Trust 
Certificates are the Terms and Conditions of the Trust 
Certificates as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as 
completed, supplemented, modified, amended and/or replaced 
by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Currencies: 
Trust Certificates may be denominated in U.S.$, euro or in any 
other currency or currencies, subject to compliance with all 
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. If so provided in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, payments in respect of 
Trust Certificates may, subject to such compliance, be made in 
and/or linked to, any currency or currencies other than the 
currency in which such Trust Certificates are denominated. 
Status: 
Each Trust Certificate will evidence an undivided beneficial 
ownership interest of the Certificateholders in the Trust Assets 
of the relevant Series and will be limited recourse obligations of 
the Trustee and will rank pari passu, without any preference or 
priority, with all other present and future Trust Certificates 
issued under the Programme.

--- Page 30 ---
8
Guarantee: 
Pursuant to the Guarantee, the IsDB has guaranteed the punctual 
performance of any and all payment obligations arising or 
falling due under or in respect of the assets constituting the 
Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. 
Further, the IsDB has agreed in the Guarantee that if, on a day 
falling three Business Days prior to a Periodic Distribution Date 
in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, there is a 
shortfall between the profit amounts received in respect of the 
assets constituting the relevant Portfolio and the Periodic 
Distribution Amounts due to Certificateholders on the relevant 
Periodic Distribution Date (including any additional amounts 
required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Taxation)), it will pay to the relevant Trustee 
the amount of such shortfall. See "Summary of the Principal 
Programme Documents". For the avoidance of doubt, the 
Guarantor shall confirm in a certificate given on each separate 
issue of a Tranche of Trust Certificates that the guarantee, 
undertakings and indemnity (as set out in the Guarantee) shall 
extend to the portfolio in respect of such Tranche (the 
Guarantor Certificate). 
Form and Delivery of the Trust 
Certificates: 
Trust Certificates will be issued in registered form only, initially 
(unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in the form 
of a permanent Global Trust Certificate which will be: (i) 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a 
common 
depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or such other depositary as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be; or (ii) held under the NSS, in which case the 
Global Trust Certificate will be delivered to, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of, a common safekeeper for Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Only 
in 
exceptional 
circumstances or unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, will individual registered trust certificates (Individual 
Trust Certificates) evidencing holdings of trust certificates be 
issued in exchange for the relevant Global Trust Certificate. See 
"Form of Trust Certificates" below. 
Clearance and Settlement: 
Interests in the Trust Certificates will be held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system as 
may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. Transfers within 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be in accordance 
with the usual rules and operating procedures of the relevant 
clearing system. See "Form of Trust Certificates" below. 
Maturities: 
Trust Certificates with a final Maturity Date of less than one 
year will not be issued under the Programme. Subject to the 
foregoing, Trust Certificates may be issued with any maturity, 
subject, in relation to specific currencies, to compliance with all

--- Page 31 ---
9
applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or central bank 
requirements. 
Periodic Distributions: 
Certificateholders are entitled to receive Periodic Distribution 
Amounts (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) calculated 
on the basis specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, applicable 
to the relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates. Profit received in 
respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will, 
after paying the expenses of the relevant Trust, be applied to 
make Periodic Distributions in respect of such Series of Trust 
Certificates on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date(s), as 
more particularly described in the Terms and Conditions. On the 
relevant Dissolution Date, if the amounts collected by the IsDB 
as Wakeel in respect of the Portfolio are in excess of the Periodic 
Distribution Amounts payable by the relevant Trustee to the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates on 
the relevant corresponding final Periodic Distribution Date, the 
IsDB shall retain such excess, in accordance with the Wakala 
Agreement, as an incentive fee for the performance of its 
services as Wakeel. 
Benchmark Replacement: 
On the occurrence of a Benchmark Event the relevant Issuer 
shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser to determine a Successor Rate failing which an 
Alternative Rate to be used in place of the original Reference 
Rate. An Adjustment Spread may also be determined by the 
Independent Adviser and applied to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate as the case may be. 
Redemption of Trust 
Certificates: 
Trust Certificates shall be redeemed at the Final Dissolution 
Amount as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Early Dissolution of the Trust: 
Other than as a result of the occurrence of a Dissolution Event 
or as a result of an Optional Dissolution (as described below), 
the Trust will not be subject to dissolution and the relevant Trust 
Certificates will not be redeemed prior to the Maturity Date (as 
defined in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be). 
Dissolution Events: 
Upon the occurrence of any Dissolution Event, the Trust 
Certificates may be redeemed on the Dissolution Date at the 
Final Dissolution Amount as may be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be. See Condition 14 (Dissolution Events). 
Optional Dissolution: 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, a Series of Trust 
Certificates may be dissolved prior to its scheduled dissolution 
in the circumstances set out in Condition 11.2 (Early 
Dissolution for Tax Reasons) and Condition 11.3 (Dissolution 
at the Option of the Trustee).

--- Page 32 ---
10
Withholding Tax: 
All payments in respect of Trust Certificates by a Trustee shall 
be made without withholding or deduction for, or on account of, 
any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or 
governmental charges of whatever nature imposed or levied by 
or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction (as such term is defined 
in the Terms and Conditions). In the event that any such 
withholding or deduction is made, the relevant Trustee will, 
save in the limited circumstances provided in Condition 12 
(Taxation), be required to pay additional amounts so that the 
holders of the Trust Certificates will receive the full amounts 
that they would have received in the absence of such 
withholding or deduction. 
Programme Documents: 
The Master Purchase Agreement, the Master Trust Deed, the 
Master Wakala Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the 
Sale Undertaking Deed, the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale 
Undertaking Deed, the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement, the 
Dealer Agreement, the Corporate Services Agreement and the 
Management and Administration Agreement. 
Transaction Documents: 
In respect of each Tranche of Trust Certificates, any 
Supplemental Wakala Agreement, any Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement, any Supplemental Trust Deed, any IsDB Purchase 
Agreement, any Sale Agreement, any Additional Portfolio 
Assets Sale Agreement and Guarantor Certificate and any 
Relevant Agreement (as defined in the Dealer Agreement). 
Governing Law  
and Dispute Resolution: 
The Programme Documents (with the exception of the 
Corporate Services Agreement and the Management and 
Administration Agreement) will be governed by English law. 
The Corporate Services Agreement will be governed by the laws 
of Jersey and the Management and Administration Agreement 
will be governed by the laws of the Grand-Duchy of 
Luxembourg. The Transaction Documents (with the exception 
of the Relevant Agreement) will be governed by English law. 
The Relevant Agreement will be governed by the law stated 
therein. 
In respect of any dispute under such agreement or deed to which 
it is a party (with the exception of the Corporate Services 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Management 
and 
Administration 
Agreement), the Trustees and the IsDB have agreed to submit to 
arbitration in London under the London Court of International 
Arbitration rules (the LCIA Rules). The IsDB has also agreed 
to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England (the 
English Courts) at the option of the Delegate, the 
Certificateholders, the Agents or the relevant Trustee(s), as the 
case may be, in respect of any dispute under the Programme 
Documents (with the exception of the Corporate Services 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Management 
and 
Administration 
Agreement) and the Transaction Documents, subject to the right 
of the Delegate, the Certificateholders, the Agents or the

--- Page 33 ---
11
relevant Trustee(s), as the case may be, to require any dispute to 
be resolved by any other court of competent jurisdiction. 
Selling Restrictions: 
For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and 
deliveries of Trust Certificates and on the distribution of 
offering material in the United States, the European Economic 
Area, the United Kingdom, the United Arab Emirates 
(excluding the DIFC), the DIFC, the KSA, Jersey, Luxembourg, 
Hong Kong, Singapore, Qatar (including the Qatar Financial 
Centre), Bahrain and the ROC, see "Subscription and Sale" 
below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D/TEFRA not 
applicable, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (or 
applicable Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Trust 
Certificates). 
Covenants: 
Each Trustee has agreed to certain restrictive covenants in the 
Master Trust Deed, as more fully set out in Condition 6 
(Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
None. 
Limited Recourse: 
Each Trust Certificate of a particular Series will represent an 
undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Trust Assets for 
such Series. No payment of any amount whatsoever shall be 
made in respect of the Trust Certificates except to the extent that 
funds for that purpose are available from the relevant Trust 
Assets. Certificateholders have no recourse to any assets of the 
relevant Trustee (other than the relevant Trust Assets) or the 
IsDB (to the extent that it fulfils all of its obligations under the 
Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to 
which it is a party) or the Delegate or any Agent or any of their 
respective affiliates in respect of any shortfall in the expected 
amounts from the relevant Trust Assets, to the extent the 
relevant Trust Assets have been enforced, realised and fully 
discharged, following which all obligations of the relevant 
Trustee and the IsDB shall be extinguished.

--- Page 34 ---
12
RISK FACTORS 
The purchase of Trust Certificates may involve substantial risks and is suitable only for sophisticated 
investors who have the knowledge and experience in financial and business matters necessary to enable 
them to evaluate the risks and merits of an investment in the Trust Certificates. Before making an 
investment decision, prospective purchasers of Trust Certificates should consider carefully, in the light 
of their own financial circumstances and investment objectives, all of the information in this Base 
Prospectus. The following is a description of principal risk factors that each of the Trustees and the 
IsDB believes: (a) may affect a Trustee’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Trust Certificates to 
prospective Certificateholders; and (b) are material for the purpose of assessing the market risk 
associated with the Trust Certificates. The Trustees and the IsDB believe that the factors described below 
represent the principal risks inherent in investing in Trust Certificates issued under the Programme, but 
the inability of a Trustee to pay any amounts due on or in connection with any Trust Certificates may 
occur for other reasons and neither Trustee nor the IsDB represents that the statements below regarding 
the risks of holding any Trust Certificates are exhaustive. There may also be other considerations, 
including some which may not be presently known to the Trustees or the IsDB or which the Trustees or 
the IsDB currently deems immaterial, that may impact any investment in Trust Certificates.
Prospective investors should read the entire Base Prospectus and reach their own view prior to making 
any investment decision. Words and expressions defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Trust 
Certificates" below or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meanings in this section.
Risk factor relating to the Trustees 
Each Trustee is a special purpose company
IDB Trust Services Limited is a special purpose company in the form of a limited par value company 
pursuant to the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991 incorporated on 17 February 2005, and IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL is a private limited liability company ("société à responsabilité limitée") 
incorporated under the laws of the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg. The only material assets of each 
Trustee, which will be held on trust for Certificateholders, will be the Trust Assets relating to each series 
of Trust Certificates issued by it and the obligation of the IsDB to make payments under the Transaction 
Documents to the relevant Trustee. Therefore, each Trustee is subject to all risks to which the IsDB is 
subject to the extent that such risks could limit the IsDB's ability to satisfy in full and on a timely basis 
its obligations under the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
See "Risk Factors relating to the IsDB" below for a further description of these risks. Each of the Trustees 
does not engage in any business activity other than the issuance of the Trust Certificates and the 
acquisition of the Portfolio as described herein and other activities incidental or related to the foregoing. 
Risk factors relating to the IsDB 
In the course of its business activities, the IsDB is exposed to a variety of risks, the most significant of 
which are set out below. Whilst the IsDB believes it has implemented the appropriate policies, systems 
and processes to control and mitigate these risks, investors should note that any failure to adequately 
control these risks could be greater than anticipated and which could result in adverse effects on the 
IsDB's business, financial condition, results of operations, prospects and/or reputation. 
The IsDB is subject to political and economic conditions in Member Countries 
The IsDB currently has all of its operations and projects in its Member Countries and plans to continue 
to have all of its future operations and projects in Member Countries. While most Member Countries 
have generally historically experienced a relatively stable political environment, certain other Member 
Countries have not. In particular, since early 2011 there has been political unrest in a range of countries 
in Eastern Europe, the MENA region, including Algeria, Bahrain, Iraq, Lebanon, Libya, Nigeria, Oman,

--- Page 35 ---
13
Saudi Arabia, Sudan, Syria, Turkey and Yemen, all of which are Member Countries. This unrest has 
ranged from public demonstrations to the collapse of political regimes in Tunisia, Egypt and Libya, as 
well as a coup d’etat attempt on the Turkish government, and has, in extreme cases, resulted in armed 
conflict and civil war, including in Iraq and ongoing conflicts in Syria, Libya and Yemen. It has also 
given rise to significantly increased political uncertainty across the region.  
In 2017, three GCC countries, namely the KSA, the UAE, and Bahrain, together with other states in the 
MENA region, such as Egypt, cut diplomatic ties, trade, and transport links with Qatar. In January 2021, 
the KSA, the UAE, Bahrain and Egypt restored full diplomatic relations with Qatar and re-opened trade 
and transport links. 
There has also previously been an escalation of tension in the Gulf region following attacks on a number 
of oil tankers in the Strait of Hormuz. A further deterioration has the potential to adversely affect regional 
security, as well as global oil and gas prices, in addition to the effect on the economies of the Member 
Countries involved.  
Currently 19 Member Countries are experiencing varying degrees of fragility and conflict. Due to the 
fact that a substantial proportion of IsDB's operations in Member Countries to date mainly consists 
ofsovereign lending, the IsDB's business has not been materially adversely affected by the instability in 
these Member Countries. However,there can be no assurance that the IsDB's business and results of 
operations will not be adversely affected by economic and political conditions in Member Countries in 
the future, especially in view of the effect that such political, economic and related developments, both 
within and outside Member Countries, may have on global financial markets. 
The Covid-19 pandemic and the lockdown measures taken across the world to stop its spread have had 
a devastating impact on growth and macroeconomic stability. Global economic growth declined by 3.1 
per cent. in 2020 (source: IMF World Economic Outlook, January 2022 Update), featuring the most 
severe recession in several decades. Despite a firm rebound in global economic activity in 2021, recovery 
is still partial and uncertain. Average growth in IsDB's Member Countries is forecasted at 4.6 per cent. 
in 2021 and 2022, following a contraction of 1.7 per cent. in 2020. Fuel-exporters, especially in the 
MENA region, experienced the deepest recession with a decline of approximately 6.5 per cent. in 
2020. Global and regional economic outlooks are subject to major risks, including delays in the 
distribution and administration of Covid-19 vaccinations, new virus mutations, premature withdrawal of 
policy support and volatile oil prices. The impact of these risks could be compounded by a tightening of 
financial policy measures against the backdrop of increased debt vulnerabilities and rising inflation. Such 
risks are heightened by the recent conflict between Russia and Ukraine, which has exacerbated global 
commodity price volatility and triggered new global economic and financial turmoil.  
The economies of many Member Countries are dependent on oil and gas and related industries, as well 
as the prices and production quantities of these commodities. Oil prices have, however, been volatile in 
recent years, which has impacted the economic growth of many Member Countries. Oil prices decreased 
significantly from July 2014 (when the monthly average price of the OPEC reference basket was 
U.S.$105.61) to January 2016 (when the monthly average price of the OPEC reference basket was 
U.S.$26.50) (source: OPEC website). The fluctuations have continued since then, with oil prices being 
significantly affected during the  Covid-19 pandemic, as evidenced in April 2020 when the May 2020 
futures contract price per barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil briefly fell below zero in response 
to storage capacity concerns. Reflecting the recent conflict affecting Ukraine, the OPEC Reference 
Basket monthly average price rose to $113.48 in March 2022 and oil prices continue to fluctuate 
significantly.  
Investors in emerging markets should be aware that these markets are subject to greater risks than more 
developed markets, including in some cases significant legal, economic and political risks. Accordingly,

--- Page 36 ---
14
investors should exercise particular care in evaluating the risks involved and must decide for themselves 
whether, in the light of those risks, their investment is appropriate. Generally, investment in emerging 
markets is only suitable for sophisticated investors who fully appreciate the significance of the risk 
involved. 
Credit risks 
Credit risk is the main risk exposure of the IsDB, given extending financing is the key business activity 
of the IsDB. The largest portion of IsDB’s financing portfolio is extended to sovereigns or carries 
sovereign guarantees whilst the remainder of the portfolio consists of mainly: (a) public private 
partnership (PPP) financing operations, where the off-takers' obligations are usually backed by the 
guarantee of the concerned sovereign; and (b) financing operations that carry guarantees from banks that 
are acceptable to the IsDB. The IsDB is also exposed to the credit risk arising from its placements of 
liquid funds with banks and financial institutions globally. Credit risks arising from adverse changes in 
the credit quality and recoverability of loans, advances and amounts due from counterparties are inherent 
as part of the IsDB's activities. Credit risks could arise from a deterioration in the credit quality of specific 
counterparties of the IsDB, from a general deterioration in local or global economic conditions or from 
systemic risks with the financial systems, all of which could affect the recoverability and value of the 
IsDB's assets and require an increase in the IsDB's provisions for the impairment of its assets and other 
credit exposures. 
Mark-up risk 
The IsDB is exposed to mark-up risk on its investments in cash and cash equivalents, commodity 
placements, Murabaha financing, Istisna'a assets, Ijarah assets, instalment sale assets, investments in 
sukuk and sukuk liabilities. In respect of the financial assets, the IsDB's returns are based on a benchmark 
and hence vary according to the market conditions. The IsDB has adopted the CME Term SOFR 
Reference Rates (administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited) and the SOFR-
based mid-swap rate as a benchmark to determine the mark-up rate on its financing. The ultimate mark-
up rate on financings is determined after adding a margin to the relevant benchmark rate. The IsDB 
attempts to manage mark-up risk through Shari’a compliant hedging arrangements, such as fixed-
floating rate swaps. There can be no assurance that the IsDB can at all times fully manage mark-up risks 
so as to entirely eliminate mark-up risks. Such mark-up risks may have a material adverse effect on the 
business, financial position, results of operations and/or prospects of the IsDB. Similar to industry peers, 
the IsDB is taking measures towards transitioning to alternative benchmark rates.  
Equity and capital impairment risk 
The IsDB is exposed to equity and capital impairment risks arising from equity investments. Equity 
investments are generally held for strategic rather than trading purposes. The IsDB does not actively 
trade in equity investments and so equity investments are generally classified as fair value through 
Members’ equity. That said, the IsDB may be subject to capital impairment risk arising from holding 
such equity investments. For equity investments that are accounted for on fair value through Members’ 
equity basis, the IsDB is exposed to equity price risk. There can be no assurance that the IsDB will be 
able to liquidate its equity holdings at a price which is not substantially lower than that which the IsDB 
paid for such equity investments so as to entirely eliminate capital impairment risk. Any such capital 
impairment may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial position, results of operations 
and/or prospects of the IsDB. 
Liquidity risks 
Liquidity risks could arise from the inability of the IsDB to anticipate and provide for unforeseen 
decreases or changes in funding sources which could have adverse consequences on the IsDB's ability

--- Page 37 ---
15
to meet its obligations when they fall due. The IsDB aims to adopt a conservative liquidity management 
approach by maintaining sufficient levels invested in cash, cash equivalents, commodity placements and 
Murabaha financing with short-term maturities of three to twelve months. A major feature of this 
liquidity management policy is to place the IsDB's liquid funds with banks in both Member Countries 
and non-Member Countries in a Shari’a compliant manner. The IsDB has in place comprehensive 
guidelines regarding how the placement of liquid funds should be managed which assigns: (i) minimum 
ratings, (ii) country limits and (iii) single counterparty limits. 
Exchange rate risk 
Exchange rate risk arises from the possibility that changes in foreign exchange rates will affect the value 
of the financial assets and liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, in case the IsDB does not hedge 
its currency exposure by means of hedging instruments. Since most of the IsDB's financing operations 
are denominated in SDR (the reporting currency) and/or SDR component currencies, the IsDB is 
naturally hedged against this currency exposure. IsDB is not exposed to currency transaction risk, 
however it is exposed to translation risk, which is hedged through the currency alignment the IsDB 
endeavours to maintain. The IsDB's investment portfolio is held in major currencies in line with the 
composition of the Islamic Dinar basket, namely the U.S. Dollar, Sterling, euro and Japanese Yen. While 
currency risk is managed by the IsDB, there can be no assurance that the exchange rate risk may not 
have a material adverse effect on the business, financial position, results of operations and/or prospects 
of the IsDB in the future. 
Risk factors relating to the Trust Certificates 
Absence of secondary market / limited liquidity
There is no assurance that a market for the Trust Certificates of any Series will develop or, if it does 
develop, that it will continue for the life of such Trust Certificates. Accordingly, a Certificateholder may 
not be able to find a buyer to buy its Trust Certificates readily or at a price that will enable the 
Certificateholder to realise a desired yield. The market value of the Trust Certificates may fluctuate. 
Accordingly, the purchase of the Trust Certificates is suitable only for investors who can bear the risks 
associated with a lack of liquidity in the Trust Certificates and the financial and the other risks associated 
with an investment in the Trust Certificates. 
Liability under the Trust Certificates
The Trust Certificates will represent entitlements solely to the Trust Assets of the relevant Series. In 
particular, the Trust Certificates will not be obligations or responsibilities of, or guaranteed by, any of 
the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent or any Dealer. None of these persons shall accept any liability 
whatsoever to any Certificateholders in respect of any failure by a Trustee to pay any amount due under 
the relevant Trust Certificates. 
The ability of a Trustee to pay amounts due in respect of the Trust Certificates will be primarily 
dependent upon the receipt by that Trustee of all amounts due in respect of the Portfolio of the relevant 
Series of Trust Certificates (which may not be sufficient to meet all claims under the Trust Certificates, 
the Programme Documents and relevant Transaction Documents) and ultimately upon the IsDB fulfilling 
its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking Deed (and relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement), its 
obligations under the Guarantee and the Master Trust Deed (and relevant Supplemental Trust Deed) to 
make payments to, and indemnify, such Trustee and its obligations under the Programme Documents 
and the Transaction Documents to which the IsDB is a party. 
The Trust Certificates are Limited Recourse Obligations

--- Page 38 ---
16
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme are not debt obligations of the Trustees. Instead, the Trust 
Certificates represent an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the relevant Trust Assets. Recourse 
to the relevant Trustee in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates therefore is limited to the Trust 
Assets of that relevant Series of Trust Certificates and the proceeds of such Trust Assets are the primary 
source of payments on the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. Following a Dissolution Event, or early 
dissolution pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons) or Condition 11.3 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee), the sole rights of each of the relevant Trustee, the Delegate 
and the Certificateholders of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates will be against the IsDB to pay the 
Exercise Price in respect of such Series together with any amounts due to such Trustee pursuant to the 
Guarantee, the Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. Certificateholders will 
otherwise have no recourse to any assets of the Delegate, the IsDB, the Dealers or the Agents or any 
affiliate of any of the foregoing entities in respect of any shortfall in the expected amounts due under the 
relevant Trust Assets. The IsDB is obliged to make its payments under the Purchase Undertaking Deed 
and the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement or other Programme Documents or Transaction Documents 
to which IsDB is a party (including the Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed), 
and to issue a Guarantee (in respect of payment obligations relating to the assets constituting the Portfolio 
of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates) in favour of the relevant Trustee. 
The Trust Certificates may be subject to early redemption
In the event that the amount payable on the Trust Certificates is required to be increased to include 
additional amounts in certain circumstances and/or the IsDB is required to pay additional amounts 
pursuant to certain Transaction Documents or Programme Documents, in each case as a result of certain 
changes affecting taxation in the KSA, Jersey or Luxembourg, as the case may be, or, in each case, any 
political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax, the relevant Trustee may 
redeem all but not some only of the Trust Certificates upon giving notice in accordance with the Terms 
and Conditions of the Trust Certificates. See Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons). 
Credit ratings
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme may be rated. Where an issue of Trust Certificates is rated, 
such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating assigned to other Series of Trust Certificates 
issued pursuant to the Programme. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. Any 
adverse change in an applicable credit rating could adversely affect the trading price for the Trust 
Certificates issued under the Programme. 
Price variations in Shares and Sukuk
The market price of the Trust Certificates is expected to be affected by fluctuations in the market price 
of any Shares and/or Sukuk included among the Portfolio, and it is impossible to predict whether the 
price of any such Shares and/or Sukuk will rise or fall. Trading prices of the Shares and Sukuk will be 
influenced by, among other things, the financial position of the issuer of such Shares or Sukuk, the results 
of its operations and political, economic, financial and other factors. Any decline in the price of such 
Shares and/or Sukuk may have an adverse effect on the market price of the Trust Certificates. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, on the Dissolution Date of any Series, the Portfolio will be purchased as 
a single portfolio of assets by the IsDB at an aggregate price that is equal to the original sale price of the 
Portfolio originally sold by the IsDB to the relevant Trustee on the Issue Date of the relevant Series. 
Risks related to Trust Certificates which are linked to "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rate or other types of rates and indices 
which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the subject of national and international regulatory guidance

--- Page 39 ---
17
and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be 
implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could 
have a material adverse effect on any Trust Certificates linked to or referencing such "benchmark".  
On 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA announced that, from January 2018, its 
Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been mandated with implementing a broadbased 
transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) over the next four years across sterling 
bond, loan and derivative markets, so that SONIA was established as the primary sterling interest rate 
benchmark by the end of 2021. 
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working 
group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk-free overnight rate" to serve as a basis for 
an alternative to benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
On 13 September 2018, the working group on euro risk-free rates recommended the Euro Short-Term 
Rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 
October 2019. Although EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or 
whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU.
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Trust Certificates linked to or 
referencing a "benchmark", in particular, if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are 
changed in order to comply with the requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". In addition, the Benchmarks Regulation stipulates that each 
administrator of a "benchmark" regulated thereunder must be licensed by the competent authority of the 
Member State where such administrator is located. There is a risk that administrators of certain 
"benchmarks" will fail to obtain a necessary licence, preventing them from continuing to provide such 
"benchmarks". Other administrators may cease to administer certain "benchmarks" because of the 
additional costs of compliance with the Benchmark Regulation and other applicable regulations, and the 
risks associated therewith. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny 
of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Such factors may 
have the following effects on certain "benchmarks": (i) discourage market participants from continuing 
to administer or contribute to the "benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used 
in the "benchmark" or (iii) lead to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or 
any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other initiatives or 
investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Trust Certificates 
linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the 
potential risks imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation reforms in making any investment decision with 
respect to any Trust Certificates linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Investors should be aware that, if any benchmark were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, amounts 
payable in respect of Floating Rate Trust Certificates which reference such benchmark will be 
determined for the relevant Return Accumulation Period by the fall-back provisions applicable to such

--- Page 40 ---
18
Trust Certificates set out in the Conditions. Depending on the manner in which the profit rate is to be 
determined under the Conditions, if Screen Rate Determination applies, this may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied in the previous Return Accumulation Period 
when the relevant benchmark was available. This is because where Screen Rate Determination is 
specified as the manner in which the Rate in respect of Floating Rate Trust Certificates is to be 
determined, the Conditions provide that the Rate shall be determined by reference to the Relevant Screen 
Page. In circumstances where the relevant Reference Rate is discontinued, neither the Relevant Screen 
Page, nor any successor or replacement may be available. In such circumstances, the Conditions provide 
for the Rate to be determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to quotations from banks 
communicated to the Calculation Agent. Where such quotations are not available (as may be the case if 
the relevant banks are not submitting rates for the determination of such Reference Rate), the Rate may 
ultimately revert to the Rate applicable as at the last preceding Periodic Distribution Determination Date 
before the relevant Reference Rate was discontinued. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect 
on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Trust Certificates which reference a 
benchmark.  
If a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, there is a possibility that the profit rate could 
alternatively be set by an Independent Adviser (without a requirement for the consent or approval of 
Certificateholders) by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Reference Rate and that such 
Successor Rate or Alternative Reference Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or 
eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. The consent 
of the Certificateholders shall not be required in connection with effecting a Successor Rate or an 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable) and/or (in either case) an Adjustment Spread or such other 
changes, including for the execution of any documents or other steps by the Delegate, the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent. The relevant Issuer shall promptly, following the determination 
of any successor rate, give notice thereof to the Principal Paying Agent and the Certificateholders, which 
shall specify the effective date(s) for such successor rate or alternative rate and any consequential 
changes made to the Conditions. 
The IsDB may be unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by 
the IsDB may fail to determine the Successor Rate or failing which the Alternative Rate, in which case 
the Rate applicable to Return Accumulation Period shall be equal to the Rate last determined in relation 
to the Trust Certificates in respect of the immediately preceding Return Accumulation Period (or 
alternatively, if there has not been a first Periodic Distribution Date, the profit rate shall be the initial 
Rate), or the Rate applicable as at the last preceding Periodic Distribution Determination Date before the 
occurrence of the Benchmark Event is likely to result in Trust Certificates linked to or referencing the 
relevant Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate) than they 
would do if the relevant Reference Rate were to continue to apply, or if a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate could be determined. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or 
liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Trust Certificates which reference any such benchmark. 
The above-mentioned risks related to benchmarks may also impact a wider range of benchmarks in the 
future. Investors in Floating Rate Trust Certificates which reference such other benchmarks should be 
mindful of the applicable fall-back provisions applicable to such Trust Certificates and the adverse effect 
this may have on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating Rate Trust Certificates which 
reference any such benchmark. 
The market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates which are possible reference rates for the 
Trust Certificates 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to risk-free rates such as 
SONIA, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) and €STR as reference rates in the capital 
markets for sterling, U.S. dollar or euro bonds, respectively, and their adoption as alternatives to the

--- Page 41 ---
19
relevant interbank offered rates. In addition, market participants and relevant working groups are 
exploring alternative reference rates based on risk-free rates, including term SONIA, SOFR and €STR 
reference rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA rate, 
SOFR or €STR over a designated term). 
The use of SONIA, SOFR and €STR as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop both in 
terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure 
for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such rates. In particular, investors should be aware 
that several different SOFR methodologies have been used in SOFR linked notes issued to date and no 
assurance can be given that any particular methodology, including the compounding formula in the 
Conditions, will gain widespread market acceptance. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of risk-free rates that differs 
significantly from that set out in the Conditions and used in relation to Trust Certificates that reference 
such risk-free rates issued under this Programme. The Issuers may in the future also issue Trust 
Certificates referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR that differ materially in terms of profit determination 
when compared with any previous SONIA, SOFR or €STR referenced Trust Certificates issued by it 
under the Programme. The continued development of risk-free rates for the Eurobond markets could 
result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or could otherwise affect the market price of any Trust 
Certificates that reference a risk-free rate issued under the Programme from time to time. In addition, the 
manner of adoption or application of risk-free rates in the Eurobond markets may differ materially 
compared with the application and adoption of risk-free rates in other markets, such as the derivatives 
and loan markets. Investors should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of such 
reference rates in the bond, loan and derivatives markets may impact any hedging or other financial 
arrangements which they may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of 
Trust Certificates referencing such risk-free rates. 
Investors should carefully consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to 
any such Trust Certificates.  
Risk-free rates (including overnight rates) differ from EURIBOR in a number of material respects and 
have a limited history 
Risk-free rates may differ from EURIBOR or other interbank offered rates in a number of material 
respects, including (without limitation) by, in most cases, being backwards-looking, calculated on a 
compounded or weighted average basis and risk-free overnight rates, whereas interbank offered rates such 
as EURIBOR are generally expressed on the basis of a forward-looking term and include a risk-element 
based on interbank lending. As such, investors should be aware that risk-free rates may behave materially 
differently as profit reference rates for the Trust Certificates. Furthermore, each of SONIA and SOFR is a 
secured rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently 
over time to IBORs, each of which is an unsecured rate. For example, since the initial publication of 
SOFR, daily changes in SOFR have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in other 
benchmark or market rates. 
Profit on Trust Certificates which reference a backwards-looking risk-free rate is only capable of being 
determined immediately prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Date. It may be difficult for investors 
in Trust Certificates which reference such risk-free rates to reliably estimate the amount of profit which 
will be payable on such Trust Certificates, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade such 
Trust Certificates without changes to their IT systems, both of which could adversely impact the liquidity 
of such Trust Certificates. Further, in contrast to EURIBOR-linked Trust Certificates, if Trust Certificates 
referencing backwards-looking SONIA, SOFR or €STR become due and payable under Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events) or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not a Periodic Distribution Date, 
the final profit rate payable in respect of such Trust Certificates shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Trust Certificates become due and 
payable or are scheduled for redemption.

--- Page 42 ---
20
The use of risk-free rates as a reference rate for Eurobonds is nascent, and may be subject to change and 
development, both in terms of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of 
market infrastructure for the issuance and trading of bonds referencing such risk-free rates. 
Trust Certificates referencing risk-free rates may have no established trading market when issued, and 
an established trading market may never develop or may not be very liquid. Market terms for debt 
securities referencing such risk-free rates, such as the spread over the index reflected in interest rate 
provisions, may evolve over time, and trading prices of such Trust Certificates may be lower than those 
of subsequently issued indexed debt securities as a result. Further, if the relevant risk-free rates do not 
prove to be widely used in securities like the Trust Certificates, the trading price of such Trust 
Certificates linked to such risk-free rates may be lower than those of Trust Certificates referencing 
indices that are more widely used. Investors in such Trust Certificates may not be able to sell such Trust 
Certificates at all or may not be able to sell such Trust Certificates at prices that will provide them with 
a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and may 
consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any Trust 
Certificates. 
The administrator of SONIA, SOFR or €STR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR or discontinue SONIA, SOFR or €STR 
The Bank of England, The New York Federal Reserve (or a successor) or the European Central Bank, 
as administrator of SONIA, SOFR and €STR respectively, may make methodological or other changes 
that could change the value of SONIA, SOFR or €STR, including changes related to the method by 
which SONIA, SOFR or €STR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to the transactions used to 
calculate SONIA, SOFR or €STR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA, SOFR or €STR. In 
addition, the administrator may alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or dissemination of SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR (in which case a fallback method of determining the profit rate on the Trust Certificates 
will apply). The administrator has no obligation to consider the interests of Certificateholders when 
calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or discontinuing SONIA, SOFR or €STR. 
The use of proceeds of the Trust Certificates may not meet investor expectations or requirements, 
including the expectations and requirements of environmentally or socially focused investors 
The use of proceeds of the Trust Certificates subsequently received by the IsDB may not meet investor 
expectations or requirements. The IsDB will exercise its judgement and sole discretion in determining 
the businesses and projects that will be financed by the proceeds of the Trust Certificates. If the use of 
the proceeds of the Trust Certificates is a factor in an investor's decision to invest in the Trust Certificates, 
they should consider the disclosure in "Use of Proceeds" in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, prepared for each relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates, including any 
green trust certificates and sustainable trust certificates, and consult with their legal or other advisers 
before making an investment in the Trust Certificates. There can be no assurance that any of the 
businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Trust Certificates will meet the IsDB's 
Sustainable Finance Framework (see "Description of the IsDBSustainable Finance Framework") or 
an investor's expectations or requirements. Furthermore, there is no contractual obligation to investors 
to allocate the proceeds of the Trust Certificates to finance eligible businesses and projects or to provide 
annual progress reports. The IsDB's failure to so allocate or report the failure of any of the businesses 
and projects funded with the proceeds from the Trust Certificates to meet the IsDB's Sustainable Finance 
Framework will not constitute a Dissolution Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) with respect 
to the Trust Certificates and may affect the value and/or the trading price of the Trust Certificates and/or 
have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green, social or 
sustainable assets.

--- Page 43 ---
21
Furthermore, it should be noted that there is currently no clearly-defined definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what constitutes, a "green", "social" or "sustainable" or an 
equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be 
defined as "green", "social" or "sustainable" or such other equivalent label nor can any assurance be 
given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop over time. Accordingly, no assurance is or 
can be given to investors (whether by the Trustees, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents 
or any other person) that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and 
projects funded with the proceeds from the Trust Certificates will meet any or all investor expectations 
regarding such "green", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or 
that any adverse environmental, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of 
any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the 
proceeds from the Trust Certificates. 
No assurance or representation is given by any party as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of any opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the IsDB) which 
may be made available in connection with the issue of the Trust Certificates and in particular with any 
of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Trust Certificates to fulfil any 
environmental, sustainable, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or 
certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Trustees, 
the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person to buy, sell or hold the Trust 
Certificates. Any such opinion or certification is only current as at the date that opinion was initially 
issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or 
certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification 
for the purpose of any investment in the Trust Certificates. The providers of such opinions and 
certifications are not currently subject to any specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. 
If the Trust Certificates are at any time listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "social", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the relevant 
Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person that such listing or 
admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements regarding any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments 
are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own 
bylaws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct 
or indirect environmental, sustainable or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related 
to, any of the businesses and projects funded with the proceeds from the Trust Certificates. Furthermore, 
it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock 
exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or made by the 
relevant Trustee, the Arranger, the Dealers, the Delegate, the Agents or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of the Trust Certificates or, if obtained, that 
any such listing or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Trust Certificates. 
Risk factors relating to the Portfolio 
Liability attaching to owners of assets
In order to comply with the requirements of Shari’a, the interests in the constituent assets comprised in 
the Portfolio should pass to the relevant Issuer under the Master Purchase Agreement, the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement(s) and the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement(s). 
The relevant Trustee will declare a trust in respect of the Trust Assets in favour of Certificateholders 
pursuant to a Trust Deed. Accordingly, Certificateholders will have beneficial ownership interests in the 
relevant constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio unless transfer of such constituent assets comprised 
in the Portfolio is prohibited by, or ineffective under, any applicable law. However, to the extent that a

--- Page 44 ---
22
third party is able to establish a direct claim against the relevant Trustee or any Certificateholders on the 
basis of a legal or beneficial ownership in any of the constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio, the 
IsDB has agreed in the Master Trust Deed to indemnify the relevant Trustee and Certificateholders 
against any such liabilities. In the event that the IsDB is unable to meet any such claims then 
Certificateholders may suffer losses in excess of the original nominal amount invested. 
The Portfolio
Prior to making the selection of the assets constituent in the Portfolio, the IsDB will conduct an 
assessment of historical data relating to the performance of different classes of assets in general but 
limited investigation and enquiry will be made otherwise and no due diligence will be conducted in 
respect of any of the constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio. The assets comprised in the Portfolio 
of each Series of Trust Certificates will be separate and independent from all other assets of the IsDB. 
The constituent assets in the Portfolio shall be selected by the IsDB following the adoption of internal 
resolutions at the IsDB to segregate such assets for the purposes of the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates and the Certificateholders shall have no ability to influence this selection. Only limited 
representations will be obtained from the IsDB in respect of the Portfolio of any Series of Trust 
Certificates. In particular, the precise terms of any of the constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio 
will not be known (including whether there are any restrictions on transfer or any further obligations 
required to be performed by the IsDB to give effect to the transfer of any of the relevant constituent 
assets comprised in the Portfolio). No steps will be taken to perfect any transfer of any of the relevant 
constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio or otherwise give notice of the transfer to any lessee or 
obligor in respect thereof. Obligors and lessees may have rights of set off or counterclaim against the 
IsDB in respect of such constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio. There can be no assurance that the 
actual revenues derived from the Portfolio will be such as to ensure that sufficient funds will be available 
to the relevant Trustee to make the payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts to Certificateholders in 
respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. Investors may lose all or a substantial portion of their 
investment in the Trust Certificates if the Portfolio fails to generate the expected return, the quality of 
the assets constituting the Portfolio deteriorates and the IsDB fails to perform its obligations under the 
Purchase Undertaking, the Guarantee and the other Programme Documents and Transaction Documents 
to which it is, or will be, a party. 
Transfer of the Portfolio
No investigation has been or will be made as to whether any Portfolio or any constituent assets comprised 
therein may be transferred as a matter of the law governing the contracts underlying such constituent 
assets, the law of the jurisdiction where such assets are located or even the law where the obligors are 
situated. No investigation will be made to determine if the Master Purchase Agreement together with the 
relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement(s) and the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Sale 
Agreement(s) will have the effect of transferring any of the constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio 
of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates or any Additional Portfolio Assets. Accordingly, no assurance 
will be given that the relevant Portfolio will actually be transferred to the relevant Issuer. 
In order to maintain the economic benefit of the proposed transfer, the Master Purchase Agreement 
provides that to the extent that the sale and purchase or transfer and assignment of any of the constituent 
assets comprised in the Portfolio is not effective in any jurisdiction for any reason, the IsDB agrees to 
either replace the relevant constituent assets with additional constituent assets or pay any and all amounts 
received by it in respect of the Portfolio to the relevant Trustee immediately upon receipt. Further, the 
IsDB has in the Master Purchase Agreement undertaken to hold any constituent assets comprised in the 
Portfolio (the interests in, legal title or benefit to which has not been effectively transferred to the relevant 
Issuer) on trust for the relevant Trustee. The IsDB (in the Master Purchase Agreement) has provided 
indemnities for, inter alia, any losses suffered as a result of any failure to transfer any constituent asset 
comprised in the Portfolio. Ultimately payments of amounts due in respect of the Trust Certificates will 
however be dependent on the IsDB fulfilling its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking Deed (and

--- Page 45 ---
23
the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement) and its obligations under the Guarantee (and the Guarantee 
Confirmation) and the Master Trust Deed (and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s)) to make 
payments to, and indemnify, the relevant Trustee its obligations under the Programme Documents and 
the Transaction Documents to which the IsDB is a party. 
Pronouncement 
The IsDB Group Shariah Board (as defined herein) has issued a pronouncement in the Arabic language 
on 29 December 2017, which was supplemented on 12 December 2020 (together, the Pronouncement) 
that the structure and mechanism of the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents are 
acceptable within the principles of Shari’a, as applicable to, and interpreted by, the IsDB Group Shariah 
Board, although English courts will not apply the principles of the Shari’a when interpreting such 
documents. Prospective Certificateholders and any prospective third parties distributing the Trust 
Certificates should understand that they may not rely on the Pronouncement in deciding whether to make 
an investment in the Trust Certificates and should consult their own Shari’a advisers as to whether the 
proposed transaction meets their respective Shari’a requirements. None of the Dealers, the Agents or the 
Delegate makes any representation as to the Shari’a compliance of the Programme or the Trust 
Certificates. At the time of each issue of Trust Certificates under the Programme, the IsDB will represent 
that the then current Pronouncement remains in force. In addition, the IsDB has in the Dealer Agreement 
covenanted that if there is any change in, or if any change is proposed to, the current Pronouncement, it 
will properly inform the Dealers. 
Risk factors relating to payments 
Periodic Distribution Amounts
It is expected that the rate of return of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will exceed the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Amounts due in respect of the corresponding Series of Trust Certificates. 
In that case, any such excess will be retained by the IsDB as an incentive fee (the Incentive Fee) in 
accordance with the Wakala Agreement. It is expected that until the Trust Certificates of the relevant 
Series are redeemed in full, the relevant Trustee will receive principal collections in respect of the 
relevant Portfolio and that such amounts will be invested in purchasing Additional Portfolio Assets 
(comprising: (i) tangible assets only, consisting of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, 
Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets, (ii) sub-participation interests of the relevant Trustee (which 
shall be managed by the IsDB for and on behalf of such Trustee) in Istisna'a or Murabaha financing 
activities or investments in Murabaha Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables, 
Loan (Qard) Receivables or Istisna’a Receivables chosen by the IsDB in its absolute discretion and/or 
(iii) a new Portfolio) or as otherwise specified in the Wakala Agreement, as the case may be. 
However, there is no assurance that such principal collections will be so invested nor any assurance that 
the profit generated by any such Additional Portfolio Assets will be sufficient to ensure that the relevant 
Trustee will have sufficient profit collections to pay Periodic Distribution Amounts in respect of any 
Series of Trust Certificates. To mitigate this risk, the IsDB has on the date hereof issued in favour of 
each Trustee a Guarantee pursuant to which the IsDB guarantees the punctual performance of any and 
all payment obligations arising or falling due under or in respect of the assets constituting the Portfolio 
relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates (the Guaranteed Obligations). The amounts received 
by a Trustee in respect of the Guaranteed Obligations, are expected, together with all other amounts 
received by that Trustee under the Guarantee, to be sufficient to enable that Trustee to make timely 
payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts (including any additional amounts required to be paid in 
respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)) to Certificateholders. 
Credit risk in respect of constituent assets

--- Page 46 ---
24
The relevant Trustee is subject to the risk of default in payment by the obligors under each of the Leased 
Assets, Restricted Mudaraba Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Loan (Qard) Receivables, Commodity 
Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables, Murabaha Receivables, Istisna'a Receivables and/or Sukuk 
comprised in any Portfolio and the risk that the issuer of the Shares becomes insolvent. This risk is 
addressed in respect of the Trust Certificates by the IsDB, primarily pursuant to a combination of the 
Guarantee and the Purchase Undertaking Deed (and the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement). Pursuant 
to the Guarantee, the IsDB has guaranteed the punctual performance of any and all payment obligations 
arising or falling due under or in respect of the assets constituting the Portfolio relating to the relevant 
Series of Trust Certificates which, together with all other amounts received by the relevant Trustee under 
the Guarantee, is expected will enable such Trustee to make timely payment of profit amounts due to 
Certificateholders under the Trust Certificates (including any additional amounts required to be paid in 
respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)). To the extent that there is a 
shortfall between the profit amounts received in respect of the assets constituting the relevant Portfolio 
and the Periodic Distribution Amounts due to Certificateholders on the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Date (including any additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant 
to Condition 12 (Taxation)), the IsDB has undertaken to pay to the relevant Trustee the amount of such 
shortfall. Furthermore, the Exercise Price payable by the IsDB in respect of any Portfolio under the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed (and to be specified in the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement) will be based 
on: (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement(s), as the case may be) of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, and (b) the amount of 
accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on such date (including any additional amounts 
payable pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)). 
Currency risk
The payments made by obligors in respect of the constituent assets comprised in any Portfolio may be 
calculated by reference to a schedule denominated in a variety of currencies, including Islamic Dinars 
(the relevant currency) though the actual payments may be made in a currency selected by the obligor. 
In addition, the relevant currency applicable to dividend and other payments made on Shares included 
in any Portfolio may be different from the Specified Currency (as defined in the applicable Final Terms 
or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be). Accordingly, in the event of changes in the 
rate of exchange between the Specified Currency of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and the 
relevant currency or in the rate between the relevant currency and the currency in which the obligor 
makes payments, there could be a shortfall in the amounts available to pay principal and profit in respect 
of the Trust Certificates. To mitigate this risk, the IsDB will prepare a schedule of payments in the 
Specified Currency in respect of the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. In addition, the 
IsDB has guaranteed the punctual performance of any and all payment obligations arising or falling due 
under or in respect of the assets constituting the Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates to allow timely payment of profit amounts due to Certificateholders under the Trust 
Certificates (including any additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)). To the extent that there is a shortfall between the profit amounts 
received in respect of the assets constituting the relevant Portfolio and the Periodic Distribution Amounts 
due to Certificateholders on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date (including any additional amounts 
required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)), the IsDB 
has undertaken to pay to the relevant Trustee the amount of such shortfall. Furthermore, the Exercise 
Price payable by the IsDB in respect of any Portfolio under the Purchase Undertaking Deed (and to be 
specified in the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement) will be based on: (a) the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount (specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement(s), as the case 
may be) of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, and (b) the amount of accrued but unpaid Periodic 
Distribution Amounts on such date (including any additional amounts payable pursuant to Condition 12 
(Taxation)). 
Risk factors relating to taxation

--- Page 47 ---
25
Taxation risks on payments
Payments made by the IsDB to a Trustee under the Transaction Documents or by a Trustee in respect of 
the Trust Certificates could become subject to taxation. Condition 12 (Taxation) provides that the 
relevant Trustee is required to gross-up for any such withholdings or deductions imposed by Jersey, the 
Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg and any Member Country in certain circumstances (management of the 
IsDB believe that the circumstances in which a Member Country may impose withholding or deductions 
are rare). In the event that the relevant Trustee fails to gross-up for any such withholding or deduction 
on payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates to Certificateholders the IsDB has, pursuant to the 
Master Trust Deed and the Guarantee, unconditionally and irrevocably undertaken (irrespective of the 
payment of any fee), as a continuing obligation, to pay to such Trustee (for the benefit of the 
Certificateholders) the liabilities of such Trustee in respect of any and all additional amounts required to 
be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation) in respect of any 
withholding or deduction in respect of any tax as set out in that Condition. 
In the event that any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes is imposed or is otherwise 
applicable to payments of principal or profit on the Trust Certificates to Certificateholders the relevant 
Trustee and the IsDB are obliged to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so deducted to 
Certificateholders, save in the limited circumstances set out in Condition 12 (Taxation). For the 
avoidance of doubt, neither the Delegate nor the Principal Paying Agent nor any other person is obliged 
to gross-up or otherwise compensate Certificateholders for any lesser amounts that Certificateholders 
may receive as a result of such withholding or deduction. 
Payments on the Trust Certificates may be subject to U.S. withholding tax under FATCA 
The United States has enacted the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA), that generally 
imposes a new reporting and withholding regime with respect to certain payments made after 31 
December 2016 by entities that are classified as financial institutions under FATCA. Whilst the Trustees 
do not expect payments made on or with respect to the Trust Certificates to be subject to withholding 
under FATCA, significant aspects of when and how FATCA will apply remain unclear, and no assurance 
can be given that withholding under FATCA will not become relevant with respect to payments made 
on or with respect to the Trust Certificates in the future. Prospective investors should consult their own 
tax advisors regarding the potential impact of FATCA. 
Risk factors relating to enforcement 
Change of law
The structure of the Programme and of any issue of Trust Certificates under it are based on English law 
and administrative practice in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as 
to the impact of any possible change to English law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus, nor can any assurance be given as to whether any such change could adversely affect the 
ability of a Trustee to make payments under the Trust Certificates or of the IsDB to comply with its 
obligations under the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Enforcement risk
Ultimately, the payments under the Trust Certificates are dependent upon the IsDB making payments in 
the manner contemplated under the Purchase Undertaking Deed (and the relevant IsDB Purchase 
Agreement), providing and performing its obligations under, the Guarantee and making payments as 
provided in the Master Trust Deed, the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to which 
the IsDB is a party.

--- Page 48 ---
26
If the IsDB should fail to do so, it may be necessary to bring an action against the IsDB to enforce its 
obligations which could be time consuming and costly. The IsDB has irrevocably agreed to the 
Transaction Documents and the Programme Documents being governed by English law and that any 
disputes shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the LCIA Rules. Notwithstanding 
that an arbitration award may be rendered in London, the New York Convention on the Recognition and 
Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral Awards 1958 (the New York Convention) in favour of the 
Certificateholders, such awards may not be enforceable consistently under the laws of all of the IsDB's 
Member Countries. The IsDB has also agreed to submit to the jurisdiction of the courts of England (the 
English Courts) at the option of the Delegate, the Certificateholders, the Agents or the relevant 
Trustee(s), as the case may be, in respect of any dispute under the Trust Certificates and the Programme 
Documents and Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding that a judgment may be obtained in favour of 
the Certificateholders, there is no assurance that the IsDB has or would at the relevant time have assets 
in the United Kingdom against which such a judgment could be enforced. Under the laws of some of the 
IsDB's Member Countries (for example, under the laws of the KSA) while the parties to any agreement 
may stipulate the laws of England as the law by which that agreement is to be governed and construed 
and may submit to the jurisdiction of the English courts, the courts of such Member Countries may not 
be bound by such acceptance or submission. If any actions were instituted before such courts and 
adjudicatory authorities, such courts and authorities may not apply the relevant foreign law but, rather, 
would apply local laws which may not recognise the doctrine of conflict of laws. 
Furthermore, the IsDB's Articles of Agreement provide that all property and assets of the IsDB shall, 
wherever located and by whomsoever held, be immune from all forms of seizure, attachment or 
execution before the delivery of a final judgment against it. The Articles of Agreement require each 
Member Country, in accordance with its judicial system, to promptly take such action as is necessary to 
make effective in its own territory the provisions as to, inter alia, immunity. 
Claims for specific performance
In the event that the IsDB fails to perform its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking Deed or the 
relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement or the Guarantee or make payments under the Master Trust Deed 
then the potential remedies available to the relevant Trustee(s) include obtaining an order for specific 
performance of the IsDB's obligations or a claim for damages. There is no assurance that a court will 
provide an order for specific performance which is a discretionary matter. 
The amount of damages which a court may award in respect of a breach will depend upon a number of 
possible factors including an obligation on the relevant Trustee(s) to mitigate its loss. No assurance is 
provided on the level of damages which a court may award in the event of a failure by the IsDB to 
perform its obligations set out in the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Master Trust Deed, the Guarantee 
and the other Programme Documents and Transaction Documents to which it is a party. 
Risk factors relating to Trust Certificates denominated in Renminbi 
Trust Certificates denominated in Renminbi (RMB Trust Certificates) may be issued under the 
Programme. RMB Trust Certificates contain particular risks for potential investors, including: 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible and there are significant restrictions on the remittance 
of Renminbi into and outside the PRC which may adversely affect the liquidity of RMB Trust 
Certificates 
Renminbi is not completely freely convertible at present. The government of the People’s Republic of 
China (the PRC Government) continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and foreign 
currencies, including the Hong Kong dollar.

--- Page 49 ---
27
However, there has been significant reduction in control by the PRC Government in recent years, 
particularly over trade transactions involving import and export of goods and services as well as other 
frequent routine foreign exchange transactions. These transactions are known as current account items. 
On the other hand, remittance of Renminbi by foreign investors into the PRC for the settlement of capital 
account items, such as capital contributions, is generally only permitted upon obtaining specific 
approvals from, or completing specific registrations or filings with, the relevant authorities on a case-
by-case basis and is subject to a strict monitoring system. Regulations in the PRC on the remittance of 
Renminbi into the PRC for settlement of capital account items are being developed. 
Although Renminbi was added to the Special Drawing Rights basket created by the IMF in 2016 and 
policies further improving accessibility to Renminbi to settle cross-border transactions in foreign 
currencies were implemented by the People's Bank of China (PBoC) in 2018, there is no assurance that 
the PRC Government will continue to gradually liberalise control over cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi in the future, that the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation will not be discontinued 
or that new regulations in the PRC will not be promulgated in the future which have the effect of 
restricting or eliminating the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the Renminbi 
internationalisation pilot programme and efforts in recent years to internationalise the currency, there 
can be no assurance that the PRC Government will not impose interim or long-term restrictions on the 
cross-border remittance of Renminbi. In the event that funds cannot be repatriated out of the PRC in 
Renminbi, this may affect the overall availability of Renminbi outside the PRC and the ability of the 
IsDB to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under RMB Trust Certificates. 
There is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC, which may affect the liquidity of the RMB 
Trust Certificates and the IsDB's ability to source Renminbi outside the PRC to service RMB Trust 
Certificates 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the 
availability of Renminbi outside the PRC is limited. 
The PBoC has entered into agreements (the Settlement Arrangements) on the clearing of Renminbi 
business with financial institutions (the Renminbi Clearing Banks) in a number of financial centres and 
cities, including but not limited to Hong Kong. The PBoC has also established the Cross-Border Inter-
Bank Payments System (CIPS) to facilitate cross-border Renminbi settlement, and is further in the 
process of establishing Renminbi clearing and settlement mechanisms in several other jurisdictions, the 
current size of Renminbi denominated financial assets outside the PRC is limited. 
There are restrictions imposed by the PBoC on Renminbi business participating banks in respect of cross-
border Renminbi settlement, such as those relating to direct transactions with PRC enterprises. 
Furthermore, Renminbi business participating banks do not have direct Renminbi liquidity support from 
the PBoC. The Renminbi Clearing Banks only have access to onshore liquidity support from the PBoC 
for the purpose of squaring open positions of participating banks for limited types of transactions and 
are not obliged to square for participating banks any open positions resulting from other foreign exchange 
transactions or conversion services. In such cases, the participating banks will need to source Renminbi 
from outside the PRC to square such open positions. 
Although it is expected that the offshore Renminbi market will continue to grow in depth and size, its 
growth is subject to many constraints as a result of PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. There 
is no assurance that new PRC regulations will not be promulgated or the Settlement Arrangements will 
not be terminated or amended in the future which will have the effect of restricting availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may affect the liquidity 
of the RMB Trust Certificates. To the extent the IsDB is required to source Renminbi in the offshore

--- Page 50 ---
28
market to service the RMB Trust Certificates, there is no assurance that the IsDB will be able to source 
such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. 
Investment in RMB Trust Certificates is subject to exchange rate risks 
The value of Renminbi against other foreign currencies fluctuates from time to time and is affected by 
changes in the PRC and international political and economic conditions as well as many other factors. 
In August 2015, the PBoC implemented changes to the way it calculates the Renminbi's daily mid-point 
against the U.S. dollar to take into account market-maker quotes before announcing such daily mid-
points. This change, and others that may be implemented, may increase the volatility in the value of the 
Renminbi against foreign currencies. All payments of profit and principal will be made in Renminbi with 
respect to the RMB Trust Certificates unless otherwise specified. As a result, the value of these Renminbi 
payments may vary with the changes in the prevailing exchange rates in the marketplace. If the value of 
Renminbi depreciates against another foreign currency, the value of the investment made by a holder of 
the RMB Trust Certificates in that foreign currency will decline. 
Investment in RMB Trust Certificates is subject to interest rate risks 
The PRC Government has gradually liberalised the regulation of interest rates in recent years. Further 
liberalisation may increase interest rate volatility. In addition, the interest rate for Renminbi in markets 
outside the PRC may significantly deviate from the interest rate from Renminbi in the PRC as a result 
of foreign exchange controls imposed by PRC law and regulations and prevailing market conditions. 
The RMB Trust Certificates may carry a fixed profit rate. Consequently, the trading price of such RMB 
Trust Certificates will vary with fluctuations in Renminbi interest rates. If a holder of RMB Trust 
Certificates tries to sell such RMB Trust Certificates before their maturity, they may receive an offer that 
is less than the amount invested. 
Payments in respect of RMB Trust Certificates will only be made to investors in the manner specified in 
such RMB Trust Certificates 
All payments to investors in respect of the RMB Trust Certificates will be made solely: (i) for so long 
as the RMB Trust Certificates are represented by global certificates held with the common depositary, 
for Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear or any alternative clearing system, by transfer to a 
Renminbi bank account maintained in Hong Kong or in the RMB Settlement Centre(s), if so specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; or (ii) for so long as the 
RMB Trust Certificates are in definitive form, by transfer to a Renminbi bank account maintained in 
Hong Kong or in the RMB Settlement Centre(s), if so specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in accordance with prevailing rules and regulations. Neither 
the IsDB nor the relevant Issuer can be required to make payment by any other means (including in 
any other currency or by transfer to a bank account in the PRC). 
Additional risks 
Consents to variation of Programme Documents and other matters 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions permitting the Delegate, or the Trustees acting on the 
directions of the Delegate (acting as directed by the Certificateholders), from time to time and at any 
time without any consent or sanction of the Certificateholders to make any modification to the Master 
Trust Deed if in the opinion of the Delegate such modification: (a) is of a formal, minor or technical 
nature, or (b) is made to correct a manifest or proven (to the satisfaction of the Delegate) error, or (c) is 
proper to make and is not materially prejudicial to the interest of Certificateholders. Unless the Delegate

--- Page 51 ---
29
otherwise decides, any such modification shall as soon as practicable thereafter be notified to the 
Certificateholders and shall in any event be binding upon the Certificateholders.

--- Page 52 ---
30
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
1.
the audited financial statements of IDB Trust Services Limited as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2020 together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at 
https://www.isdb.org/publications/idb-trust-services-limited-annual-financial-statements-
2020); 
2.
the audited financial statements of IDB Trust Services Limited as at and for the year ended 31 
December 2019 together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at 
https://www.isdb.org/sites/default/files/media/documents/2020-
06/1.%20IDB%20Trust%20Services%20Limited%20-
%20Annual%20Financial%20Statements%202019.PDF); 
3.
the audited financial statements of the IsDB–OCR as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at 
https://www.isdb.org/publications/isdb-ocr-financial-statements-english-2020); and 
4.
the audited financial statements of the IsDB–OCR as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2019 together with the audit report thereon and the notes thereto (available at 
https://www.isdb.org/sites/default/files/media/documents/2020-06/1.%20IsDB-
OCR%20Financial%20Statements%20%28English%29%202019.pdf) (the 2019 Financial 
Statements). 
Each of the financial statements listed above include audit reports from the relevant independent auditors. 
The Trustee will, at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent, provide, free of charge, upon oral 
or written request, a copy of this Base Prospectus (or any document incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus). Written or telephone requests for such documents should be directed to the specified 
office of the Principal Paying Agent set out at the end of this Base Prospectus.  
Any information incorporated by reference in any of items (1) to (4) above does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus for the purpose of the Prospectus Regulation. Any information contained in any of the 
documents specified above which is not incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus is either not 
relevant to investors or is covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. For the avoidance of doubt, unless 
specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on any website 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CBI. 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed with any amendment or supplement hereto and with 
any other document incorporated by reference herein.

--- Page 53 ---
31
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
The following is the text of the Terms and Conditions of the Trust Certificates, which (subject to 
modification and except for the text in italics) will be endorsed on each Trust Certificate in individual 
registered form issued under the Programme and will apply to the Global Trust Certificate. The 
applicable Final Terms in relation to any Tranche of Trust Certificates complete the following Terms and 
Conditions for the purpose of such Trust Certificates. The applicable Pricing Supplement in relation to 
any Tranche of Trust Certificates which are Exempt Certificates complete, supplement or modify the 
following Terms and Conditions for such Trust Certificates.
IDB Trust Services Limited and IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL (each in its capacity as issuer and as 
trustee, each a Trustee, and together, the Trustees) have established a programme (the Programme) for 
the issuance of up to U.S.$25,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Trust Certificates. 
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme (the Trust Certificates) are issued in Series (as defined 
below) and each Series may comprise one or more Tranches (as defined below) of Trust Certificates. 
Each Tranche is the subject of final terms (Final Terms) or, in respect of Exempt Certificates, a pricing 
supplement (Pricing Supplement), as the case may be. The applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, for this Trust Certificate (or the applicable provisions thereof) 
are set out in Part A of the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be, attached to or endorsed on this Trust Certificate which complete these Terms and Conditions 
(Conditions). The Conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Trust Certificates are these 
Conditions as completed by the applicable Final Terms or as completed, modified and/or supplemented 
by the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. In the event of any inconsistency between these 
Conditions and the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be shall prevail. 
In these Conditions, references to Trust Certificates shall be references to the Trust Certificates which 
are the subject of the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
References to Exempt Certificates are to Trust Certificates for which no prospectus is required to be 
published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  
References in these Conditions to the Trustee are to the entity specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Each of the Trust Certificates will represent an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the relevant 
Trust Assets (as defined herein) held by the Trustee on trust (the Trust) for, inter alia, the benefit of the 
registered holders of the Trust Certificates pursuant to: (i) an amended and restated master trust deed (the 
Master Trust Deed) dated 19 April 2022 and made between the Trustees, The Islamic Development 
Bank (the IsDB) and The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. (the Delegate); as well as (ii) the 
relevant supplemental trust deed (each, a Supplemental Trust Deed and, together with the Master Trust 
Deed, the Trust Deed) applicable to each Tranche. 
In accordance with the Trust Deed, the Trustees will unconditionally and irrevocably appoint the Delegate 
to be its attorney and to exercise certain future duties, powers, authorities and discretions vested in the 
Trustees by certain provisions in Trust Deed and in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed at all 
times. The Delegate is entitled to receive its properly incurred fees, costs, charges and expenses for acting 
in relation to the Trust Certificates from the Certificateholder Entitlement (as defined below) in the 
distributions of Trust Assets (as defined below) ahead of the distributions to Certificateholders. 
Payments relating to the Trust Certificates will be made pursuant to an amended and restated issue and 
paying agency agreement dated 19 April 2022 (the Agency Agreement) made between the Trustees, the 
IsDB, the Delegate, HSBC Bank plc as principal paying agent (the Principal Paying Agent, which 
expression shall include any successor agent) and as calculation agent (in such capacity the Calculation

--- Page 54 ---
32
Agent), and Intertrust SPV Services Limited as registrar (in such capacity the Registrar), as replacement 
agent (in such capacity, the Replacement Agent) and as transfer agent (in such capacity, the Transfer 
Agent, and together with the Calculation Agent, the Transfer Agent, the Registrar and the Principal 
Paying Agent, the Agents). 
Subject as set out below, copies of the following documents are available for inspection and obtainable 
free of charge during normal business hours at the Specified Office (as defined herein) for the time being 
of the Principal Paying Agent. The Certificateholders are entitled to the benefit of, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the documents set out below to which the Trustee is a party: 
(c)
an amended and restated master purchase agreement between the Trustees and the IsDB dated 19 
April 2022 (the Master Purchase Agreement); 
(d)
any supplemental purchase agreement (each, a Supplemental Purchase Agreement) in relation 
to the Trust Certificates; 
(e)
a master wakala agreement between the Trustees and the IsDB as wakeel (the Wakeel) dated 19 
April 2022 (the Master Wakala Agreement); 
(f)
any supplemental wakala agreement (each, a Supplemental Wakala Agreement, and together 
with the Master Wakala Agreement, the Wakala Agreement) in relation to the Trust 
Certificates; 
(g)
a guarantee issued by the IsDB in favour of the Trustees dated 19 April 2022 (the Guarantee), 
and each separate guarantor certificate given in relation to the Trust Certificates on the Issue Date 
(the Guarantor Certificate); 
(h)
an amended and restated purchase undertaking deed dated 19 April 2022 (the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed), containing the form of a purchase agreement (the IsDB Purchase 
Agreement) to be executed by the IsDB and the Trustee on the relevant Dissolution Date of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates; 
(i)
an amended and restated sale undertaking deed executed by the Trustees in favour of the IsDB 
dated 19 April 2022, (the Sale Undertaking Deed) containing the form of sale agreement (the 
Sale Agreement) to be executed by the IsDB and the Trustee on the relevant Dissolution Date of 
the relevant Series of Trust Certificate; 
(j)
an amended and restated additional portfolio assets sale undertaking deed executed by the IsDB in 
favour of the Trustees dated 19 April 2022, (the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking 
Deed) containing the form of the additional portfolio assets sale agreement (the Additional 
Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement) to be executed by the IsDB and the Trustee on any relevant 
Settlement Dates of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates; 
(k)
the Master Trust Deed (incorporating the provisions regarding the appointment of the Delegate); 
(l)
any Supplemental Trust Deed in relation to Trust Certificates which are admitted to listing, trading 
and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system; 
(m)
the Agency Agreement; 
(n)
a corporate services agreement between Intertrust SPV Services Limited (as provider of corporate 
services to IDB Trust Services Limited) and IDB Trust Services Limited dated 23 May 2005 (the 
Corporate Services Agreement);

--- Page 55 ---
33
(o)
a management and administration agreement between Intertrust (Luxembourg) S.à r.l. (as provider 
of management and administration services to IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL) and IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL dated 15 September 2020 (the Management and Administration 
Agreement); 
(p)
an amended and restated dealer agreement between the Trustees, the IsDB and the Dealers dated 
19 April 2022 (the Dealer Agreement); 
(q)
any Final Terms or any Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in relation to Trust Certificates; 
(r)
copies of each purchase report (Purchase Report) produced on each Report Date (as defined 
herein) by the IsDB substantively in the form set out in Schedule 2 (Purchase Report) of the Master 
Purchase Agreement in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates; and 
(s)
copies of each servicing report (Servicing Report) produced by the Wakeel substantively in the 
form set out in Schedule 2 (Form of Servicing Report) of the Master Wakala Agreement in respect 
of any Series of Trust Certificates. 
Each Servicing Report will set out, in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, the principal and 
profit collections received in respect of each of the Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Restricted 
Mudaraba Assets, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables, Murabaha Receivables and Istisna'a 
Receivables (each as defined herein), as well as the service fees received in respect of Loan (Qard) 
Receivables and the dividends and other receivables in respect of Shares and Sukuk since the previous 
Servicing Report. Each Purchase Report will detail, in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, 
the Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Restricted Mudaraba Assets, Commodity Murabaha 
(Tawarruq) Receivables, Murabaha Receivables, Loan (Qard) Receivables and Istisna'a Receivables 
which have matured, and the Shares and/or Sukuk that have been capitalised, repurchased or redeemed 
since the previous Purchase Report, any Additional Portfolio Assets purchased during that period and 
their net asset value as at the date of the report. 
Copies of the Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the Supplemental Wakala Agreement, the 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, any Purchase Report and any Servicing Report in respect of Trust Certificates which are not 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation on any competent authority, stock exchange or quotation 
system will only be available for inspection and obtainable free of charge by the relevant 
Certificateholders from the Principal Paying Agent. 
The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, detailed provisions of the 
Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and the Agency Agreement. 
Each initial Certificateholder, by its acquisition and holding of its interest in a Trust Certificate, 
shall be deemed to authorise and direct the Trustee, on behalf of the Certificateholders, (a) to apply 
the sums paid by it in respect of its Trust Certificates in accordance with the terms of the 
Transaction Documents; and (b) to enter into each Transaction Document to which it is expressed 
to be a party, subject to the terms and conditions of the Master Trust Deed, as supplemented by the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and these Conditions. 
1
INTERPRETATION 
1.1
Definitions
In these Conditions, the following expressions have the following meanings:

--- Page 56 ---
34
Additional Business Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Additional Financial Centre(s) means the city or cities specified as such in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Additional Portfolio means a separate and independent portfolio of assets created by the IsDB 
in relation to any Tranche other than the first Tranche under a Series and comprising: 
(a)
at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a 
Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets; and 
(b)
no more than 49 per cent. intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables, Loan 
(Qard) Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables and/or Murabaha 
Receivables, 
including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any amounts due in connection 
with such assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts 
payable, or to become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to the assets and the 
benefit of, and the right to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to exercise 
all powers of the IsDB thereunder; 
Aggregate Nominal Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Business Day means: 
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro and Renminbi, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional 
Business Centre;  
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if 
any) Additional Business Centre; and 
(c)
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s) (as defined below); 
Business Day Convention, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be and, if so specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, may have different meanings 
in relation to different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the 
following meanings: 
(a)
Following Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed 
to the first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b)
Modified Following Business Day Convention or Modified Business Day 
Convention means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day 
that is a Business Day unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that 
date will be the first preceding day that is a Business Day;

--- Page 57 ---
35
(c)
Preceding Business Day Convention means that the relevant date shall be brought 
forward to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d)
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such 
date in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as the Specified Period after the 
calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, however, that: 
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in 
which any such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is 
a Business Day in that calendar month; 
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then 
such date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day 
falls in the next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day 
which is a Business Day; and 
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which 
was a Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which 
is a Business Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of 
months after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e)
No Adjustment means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with 
any Business Day Convention;
Calculation Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Calculation Date means, in respect of each Series, the date specified in the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement; 
Certificateholder Contribution means an amount equal to the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
each Tranche; 
Certificateholder Entitlement has the meaning given in the Master Trust Deed; 
Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables means the receivables derived from the 
placements of funds which are made by the IsDB with other banks and financial institutions and 
which comprise the purchase and sale of commodities at fixed or floating rate profit; 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time 
(the Calculation Period), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be and: 
(a)
if Actual/Actual (ICMA) is so specified, means: 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period 
during which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by the product of (A) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (B) 
the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of:

--- Page 58 ---
36
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the 
Regular Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the 
actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; 
(b)
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a 
leap year, the sum of: (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366; and (ii) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c)
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(d)
if Actual/360 is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360; 
(e)
if 30/360 is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; and 
(f)
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows:

--- Page 59 ---
37
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g)
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
[360 × (Y2 – Y1)] + [30 × (M2 – M1)] + (D2 – D1) 
360 
Day Count Fraction = 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day 
is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless: (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date; 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30,

--- Page 60 ---
38
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last 
day of the Calculation Period; 
Disbursing Istisna'a Assets means Istisna'a assets in respect of which the IsDB pays instalment 
amounts to a contractor (which are subsequently capitalised) during, but prior to the completion 
of, the construction of such assets and whilst legal title to such assets is vested in the IsDB; 
Dissolution Amount means, as appropriate, the Final Dissolution Amount, the Early 
Dissolution Amount (Tax), the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) or such other amount in the 
nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of, the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be; 
Dissolution Date means, as the case may be: (a) the Maturity Date; (b) following the occurrence 
of a Dissolution Event (as defined in Condition 14 (Dissolution Events)), the date on which a 
Series of Trust Certificates is dissolved in accordance with the provisions of Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events); (c) the date on which a Series of Trust Certificates is dissolved in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons); or (d) 
the Optional Dissolution Date (Call) in accordance with the provisions of Condition 11.3 
(Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee); 
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax) means, in respect of any Trust Certificate, its nominal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Extraordinary Resolution has the meaning given in the Schedule 5 to the Master Trust Deed; 
Final Dissolution Amount means, in respect of any Trust Certificate, its nominal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Fixed Amount has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Fixed Rate Trust Certificates means a Series in respect of which Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Amount Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Floating Rate Trust Certificates means a Series in respect of which Floating Periodic 
Distribution Amount Provisions are specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be;  
Global Trust Certificate means the global trust certificate issued in registered form for each 
Series of Trust Certificates; 
Initial Portfolio means a separate and independent portfolio of assets created by the IsDB in 
relation to the first Tranche under a Series and comprising: 
(c)
at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a 
Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets; and

--- Page 61 ---
39
(d)
no more than 49 per cent. intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables, Loan 
(Qard) Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables and/or Murabaha 
Receivables, 
including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any amounts due in connection 
with such assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts 
payable, or to become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to the assets and the 
benefit of, and the right to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to exercise 
all powers of the IsDB thereunder; 
Issue Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Istisna'a Receivables means the receivables under a contract (other than in respect of 
Disbursing Istisna'a Assets) whereby the IsDB has sold certain assets to a beneficiary at a 
determined price to be paid over an agreed period; 
Leased Assets means the underlying assets (whether existing or under construction) which are 
subject to ijarah contracts where the IsDB, as lessor, leases property to a lessee in respect of 
which regular payments are due from the lessee (and includes any ancillary rights under such 
ijarah contract); 
Liability means any loss, damage, cost, charge, claim, demand, expense, judgment, actions, 
proceeding or liability whatsoever (including, without limitation, in respect of taxes, duties, 
levies, imposts and other charges) and including any value added tax or similar tax charged or 
chargeable in respect thereof and legal fees and expenses on a full indemnity basis; 
Loan (Qard) Receivables means receivables under long term non-interest-bearing concessional 
facilities provided to Member Countries which bear a service fee payable to the IsDB; 
Margin has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Maturity Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Member Country means a country being a shareholder from time to time of the IsDB; 
Murabaha Receivables means the receivables under a sale contract whereby the purchase price 
is determined on a cost plus a predetermined profit basis and such purchase price is payable by 
instalments; 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) means, in respect of any Trust Certificate, its nominal 
amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Optional Dissolution Date (Call) has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Participating Member State means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the 
euro as its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
Payment Business Day means:

--- Page 62 ---
40
(a)
in the case where presentation and surrender of a definitive Trust Certificate is required 
before payment can be made, a day on which banks in the relevant place of surrender of 
the definitive Trust Certificate are open for presentation and payment of securities and 
for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(b)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account: 
(i)
if the currency of payment is euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or 
(ii)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings 
in foreign currencies may be carried on in the principal financial centre of the 
currency of payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
Periodic Distribution Amount means in relation to a Trust Certificate and a Return 
Accumulation Period, the amount of profit distribution payable in respect of that Trust 
Certificate for that Return Accumulation Period; 
Periodic Distribution Date means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in 
accordance with the provisions of, the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be: 
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; 
or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or 
Eurodollar Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be as being the 
Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified 
Period of calendar months following the Return Accrual Commencement Date (in the 
case of the first Periodic Distribution Date) or the previous Periodic Distribution Date 
(in any other case); 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate 
legal personality; 
Portfolio means, in relation to each Series, a separate and independent portfolio of assets created 
by the IsDB and comprising: 
(a)
at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, 
Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets; and 
(b) no more than 49 per cent. intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables, Loan (Qard) 
Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables and/or Murabaha 
Receivables,

--- Page 63 ---
41
including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any amounts due in connection 
with such assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts 
payable, or to become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to the assets and the 
benefit of, and the right to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to exercise 
all powers of the IsDB thereunder, such portfolio being constituted by an Initial Portolio and any 
Additional Portfolio and supplemented from time to time with Additional Portfolio Assets (as 
defined in the Master Purchase Agreement); 
Principal Financial Centre means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for 
that currency provided, however, that: 
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Participating Member 
State as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) 
by the Calculation Agent; and 
(b)
in relation to Australian dollars, it means either Sydney or Melbourne and, in relation to 
New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland; in each case as is selected 
(in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation 
Agent; 
Programme Documents means the Master Purchase Agreement, the Master Wakala 
Agreement, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Master Trust Deed, the Sale Undertaking Deed, 
the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed, the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement, 
the Corporate Services Agreement, the Management and Administration Agreement and the 
Dealer Agreement; 
Rate means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) representing a defined share 
of the profits distributable by the Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be or calculated or determined 
in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions and/or the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Rating Agencies means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Moody's Investors Service Inc. 
(USA) and Fitch Ratings Ltd; 
Record Date means: 
(a)
whilst Trust Certificates are represented by a Global Trust Certificate, at the close of the 
business day (being for this purpose a day on which Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg are open for business) before the relevant due date; and 
(b)
whilst Trust Certificates are in individual registered form, as at opening of business 
(local time in the place of the specified office of the Registrar) on the fifteenth day before 
the relevant Periodic Distribution Date; 
Reference Banks has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent 
in the market that is most closely connected with the Reference Rate; 
Reference Rate means the reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page of a commercial 
quotation service, being €STR, EURIBOR, SOFR, SONIA or such other reference rate as may 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may 
be;

--- Page 64 ---
42
Regular Period means: 
(a)
in the case of Trust Certificates where profit distributions are scheduled to be payable 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including the Return Accrual 
Commencement Date to but excluding the first Periodic Distribution Date and each 
successive period from and including one Periodic Distribution Date to but excluding 
the next Periodic Distribution Date; 
(b)
in the case of Trust Certificates where, apart from the first Return Accumulation Period, 
profit distributions are scheduled to be payable only by means of regular payments, each 
period from and including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next 
Regular Date, where Regular Date means the day and month (but not the year) on which 
any Periodic Distribution Date falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Trust Certificates where, apart from one Return Accumulation Period other 
than the first Return Accumulation Period, profit distributions are scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date 
falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where Regular Date means 
the day and month (but not the year) on which any Periodic Distribution Date falls other 
than the Periodic Distribution Date falling at the end of the irregular Return 
Accumulation Period; 
Relevant Date means, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date 
on which the payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not 
been received in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Principal 
Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, the date on which the Certificateholders have been 
notified by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices); 
Relevant Financial Centre has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Relevant Jurisdiction means Jersey, the Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg, any Member Country 
or any political subdivision therein; 
Relevant Screen Page means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, or such other page, section 
or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other information service, in 
each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the information appearing 
there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
Relevant Time has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Renminbi or RMB means the lawful currency for the time being of the People's Republic of 
China (the PRC), which, for these purposes, excludes the Hong Kong Special Administrative 
Region of the PRC, the Macau Special Administrative Region of the PRC and Taiwan; 
Report Date means, for each Series and unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental 
Purchase Agreement, one day after each Calculation Date (or if such day is not a Business Day, 
the next following Business Day);

--- Page 65 ---
43
Restricted Mudaraba Assets means Mudaraba assets which are subject to a Mudaraba contract 
under which the IsDB as a Rab al Maal provides capital under a line of financing facility to an 
intermediary as a Mudarib who then invests such capital based on prescribed investment criteria; 
Return Accrual Commencement Date means the Issue Date of the Trust Certificates or such 
other date as may be specified as the Return Accrual Commencement Date in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Return Accumulation Period means each period beginning on (and including) the Return 
Accrual Commencement Date or any Periodic Distribution Date and ending on (but excluding) 
the next Periodic Distribution Date; 
Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall means the difference between the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount of the relevant Series and the net asset value of the Portfolio (less all principal 
collections received during the period from the closing date or the relevant settlement date (as 
applicable) to but excluding the relevant Report Date) corresponding to such Series, as set out 
in the relevant Servicing Report on a Report Date; 
RMB Settlement Centre(s) means the financial centre(s) specified as such in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, in accordance with applicable laws and 
regulations. If no RMB Settlement Centre is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, the RMB Settlement Centre shall be deemed to be Hong Kong; 
Series means a Tranche of Trust Certificates which are identical in all respects together with any 
further Tranche or Tranches of Trust Certificates which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and 
form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or terms and conditions which 
are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of Periodic 
Distribution Amounts (as defined herein) thereon and the Return Accrual Commencement Date;
Shares means any Shari’a compliant equity instruments (and the assets underlying those equity 
instruments); 
Specified Currency has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Specified Denomination(s) has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be; 
Specified Period has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be; 
Specified Office has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
Stock Exchange means, in relation to Trust Certificates, the stock exchange or exchanges (if 
any) on which such Trust Certificates are for the time being quoted, listed and/or admitted to 
trading; 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the first Person) at any particular time, any other 
Person (the second Person): 
(a)
whose affairs and policies the first Person controls or has the power to control, whether 
by ownership of share capital, contract, the power to appoint or remove members of the 
governing body of the second Person or otherwise; or

--- Page 66 ---
44
(b)
whose financial statements are, in accordance with applicable law and generally 
accepted accounting principles, consolidated with those of the first Person; 
Sukuk means any sukuk certificates (and the assets underlying those sukuk certificates); 
TARGET2 means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; 
TARGET Settlement Day means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of 
payments in euro; 
Taxes means any taxes, levies, imposts, duties, fees, assessments or governmental charges of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction, and all interest, 
penalties or similar liabilities with respect thereto; 
Tranche means Trust Certificates which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading); 
Transaction Account means, in relation to each Series, the non-interest bearing account 
maintained in London in the Trustee's name held with the Principal Paying Agent and into which 
the IsDB will deposit all amounts due to the Trustee under the Programme Documents and the 
Transaction Documents, details of which are specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be;
Transaction Documents means, in respect of each Tranche of Trust Certificates, any 
Supplemental Wakala Agreement, any Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any Supplemental 
Trust Deed, any Relevant Agreement (as defined in the Dealer Agreement), any Sale Agreement, 
any IsDB Purchase Agreement, any Guarantor Certificate and any Additional Portfolio Assets 
Sale Agreement;  
Treaty means the treaty establishing the European Union, as amended; and 
Trust Assets means the assets, rights, cash or investments described in Condition 5.1 (Trust 
Assets). 
1.2
Interpretation
In these Conditions: 
(a)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Dissolution Amount, any 
additional amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 
(Taxation), any premium payable in respect of a Trust Certificate and any other amount 
in the nature of principal payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(b)
any reference to Periodic Distribution Amounts shall be deemed to include any 
additional amounts in respect of profit distributions which may be payable under 
Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of a profit distribution 
payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(c)
references to Trust Certificates being outstanding shall be construed in accordance with 
the Agency Agreement;

--- Page 67 ---
45
(d)
if an expression is stated in Condition 1.1 (Definitions) to have the meaning given in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, but the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is not applicable then such expression is not applicable to 
the Trust Certificates; 
(e)
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the 
Trust Certificates;  
(f)
words and expressions defined and rules of construction and interpretation set out in 
each of the Programme Documents shall, unless the context otherwise requires, have the 
same meanings in these Conditions; and 
(g)
with respect to Luxembourg entities only, any references to liquidation, winding-up, 
administration, and other similar insolvency proceedings and related concepts are to be 
construed as references to substantially equivalent proceedings and concepts under 
Luxembourg law (which include, without limitation, controlled management (gestion 
contrôlée), moratorium of payments (sursis de paiement), composition procedures 
(concordat préventif de faillite), judicial liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) or voluntary 
liquidation (liquidation volontaire)), unless the context requires otherwise. 
2
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
2.1
Form and Denomination
The Trust Certificates are issued in registered form in the Specified Denominations and, save as 
provided by Condition 3.2 (Delivery of new Certificates of Registration), each Trust Certificate 
shall represent the entire holding of Trust Certificates by the same holder. 
In the case of a Series of Trust Certificates with more than one Specified Denomination, Trust 
Certificates of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable for Trust Certificates of 
another Specified Denomination. The Trust Certificates will be serially numbered. 
The Trust Certificates are not issuable in bearer form. 
For so long as any of the Trust Certificates is represented by a Global Trust Certificate held on 
behalf of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), each person (other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time 
being shown in the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular 
face amount of such Trust Certificates (in which regard any certificate or other document issued by 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the face amount of such Trust Certificates standing to 
the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the case of 
manifest error or proven error) shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the IsDB and the Agents 
as the holder of such face amount of such Trust Certificates for all purposes other than with respect 
to payment in respect of such Trust Certificates, for which purpose the registered holder of the 
Global Trust Certificate shall be treated by the Trustee, the Delegate, the IsDB and any Agent as 
the holder of such face amount of such Trust Certificates in accordance with and subject to the 
terms of the relevant Global Trust Certificate and the expressions Certificateholder and holder in 
relation to any Trust Certificates and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Trust Certificates which are represented by a Global Trust Certificate will be transferable only in 
accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be.

--- Page 68 ---
46
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, 
be deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
2.2
Register
The Registrar will maintain a register (the Register) of Certificateholders in respect of each Series 
of Trust Certificates in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement. In these 
Conditions, the Certificateholder means the person in whose name such Trust Certificate is 
registered in the Register (or in the case of a joint holding, the first named person). A certificate of 
registration (each a Certificate of Registration) will be issued to each Certificateholder in respect 
of its registered holding of Trust Certificates serially numbered with an identifying number which 
will be recorded also on the relevant Register. 
2.3
Title
The IsDB, the Trustee, the Delegate and the Agents may (to the fullest extent permitted by 
applicable laws) deem and treat the person in whose name any outstanding Trust Certificate is for 
the time being registered (as set out in the relevant Register) as the holder of such Trust Certificate 
or of a particular principal amount of the Trust Certificates for all purposes (whether or not such 
Trust Certificate or principal amount shall be overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership 
thereof or of trust or other interest with regard thereto, and any notice of loss or theft or any writing 
thereon), and the Trustee, the IsDB, the Delegate and the Agents shall not be affected by any notice 
to the contrary. The registered holder of a Certificate will be recognised by the Trustee as entitled 
to the Trust Certificate free from an equity set-off or counterclaim on the part of the Trustee against 
the original or any intermediate holder of such Certificate. 
All payments made to such holder shall be valid and, to the extent of the sums so paid, effective to 
satisfy and discharge the liability for moneys payable in respect of such Trust Certificate or 
principal amount. 
3
TRANSFERS OF TRUST CERTIFICATES AND ISSUE OF CERTIFICATES 
3.1
Transfers
Subject to Conditions 3.4 (Closed periods) and 3.5 (Regulations), a Trust Certificate may be 
transferred by depositing the Certificate of Registration issued in respect of that Trust Certificate, 
with the form of transfer on the back duly completed and signed, at the Specified Office of the 
Transfer Agent. 
3.2
Delivery of new Certificates of Registration
Each new Certificate of Registration to be issued upon transfer of Trust Certificates will, within 
five business days of receipt by the Registrar or the relevant other Agent of the duly completed 
form of transfer endorsed on the relevant Certificate of Registration, be mailed by uninsured mail 
at the risk of the holder entitled to the Trust Certificate to the address specified in the form of 
transfer. For the purposes of this Condition, business day shall mean a day on which banks are 
open for business in the city in which the Specified Office of the Registrar or the relevant other 
Agent with whom a Certificate of Registration is deposited in connection with a transfer is located. 
Where some but not all of the Trust Certificates in respect of which a Certificate of Registration is 
issued are to be transferred a new Certificate of Registration in respect of the Trust Certificates not 
so transferred will, within five business days of receipt by the Registrar or the relevant other Agent 
of the original Certificate of Registration, be mailed by uninsured mail at the risk of the holder of

--- Page 69 ---
47
the Trust Certificates not so transferred to the address of such holder appearing on the Register or 
as specified in the form of transfer. 
3.3
Formalities free of charge
Registration of transfer of Trust Certificates will be effected without charge by or on behalf of the 
Trustee, the Registrar or any other Agent but upon payment (or the giving of such indemnity as the 
Trustee, the Registrar or any other Agent may reasonably require) in respect of any tax or other 
governmental charges which may be imposed in relation to such transfer. 
3.4
Closed periods
No Certificateholder may require the transfer of a Trust Certificate to be registered during the period 
of 15 days ending on a Periodic Distribution Date, a Dissolution Date or any other date on which 
any payment of principal, premium or profit in respect of a Trust Certificate falls due. 
3.5
Regulations
All transfers of Trust Certificates and entries on the Register will be made subject to the detailed 
regulations concerning the transfer of Trust Certificates scheduled to the Master Trust Deed. A copy 
of the current regulations will be mailed (free of charge) by the Registrar to any Certificateholder 
who requests one. 
The Certificateholder shall be entitled to receive, in accordance with Condition 2.2 (Register), only 
one Certificate of Registration in respect of his entire holding of Trust Certificates. In the case of a 
transfer of a portion of the face amount of the Trust Certificates held, a new Certificate of 
Registration in respect of the balance of the Trust Certificates not transferred will be issued to the 
transferor in accordance with Condition 3.2 (Delivery of new Certificates of Registration). 
4
STATUS 
4.1
Status of the Trust Certificates
The Trust Certificates evidence an undivided beneficial ownership interest in the Trust Assets of 
the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and consequently the right to receive certain payments in 
respect thereof, subject to the terms of the Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed, the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the Sale Undertaking Deed, the relevant IsDB Purchase 
Agreement, the relevant Sale Agreement and these Conditions, and will be limited recourse 
obligations of the Trustee. The obligations of the Trustee pursuant to the Conditions of each Trust 
Certificate are direct, unsubordinated, unsecured and limited recourse obligations of the Trustee 
and rank pari passu, without any preference or priority, among all Trust Certificates of the same 
Series and with all other present and future Trust Certificates. 
4.2
Status of the Guarantee
The obligations of the IsDB pursuant to the Guarantee are direct, unsubordinated and unsecured 
obligations of the IsDB and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) rank pari 
passu, without any preference or priority, with all other unsecured obligations (other than 
subordinated obligations, if any) of the IsDB from time to time outstanding.

--- Page 70 ---
48
5
THE TRUST 
5.1
Trust Assets
The Trustee has agreed to apply, on each occasion on which Trust Certificates are issued and in 
respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates only, the net proceeds of the issue of such Trust 
Certificates to purchase the Portfolio pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement. The Portfolio (as 
defined in the Master Trust Deed) relating to each Series of Trust Certificates will be the subject of 
and specified in the Supplemental Purchase Agreement(s) and which shall, upon purchase (and as 
amended from time to time, including by way of acquiring Additional Portfolio Assets) comprise 
the relevant Portfolio. 
The Trustee has appointed the IsDB to perform limited actions in order to service the Portfolio of 
each Series of Trust Certificates pursuant to the Wakala Agreement. The Trustee shall pay the 
Wakeel a nominal amount of U.S.$100 as a basic fee on the date of each Supplemental Wakala 
Agreement and an Incentive Fee (as defined in the Master Wakala Agreement). 
Profit received in respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will, after paying the 
expenses of the relevant Trust (as defined below), be applied to make Periodic Distributions in 
respect of such Series of Trust Certificates on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date(s), as more 
particularly described in the Conditions. 
Principal amounts received in respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates will be 
reinvested by the Trustee firstly in acquiring from the IsDB Additional Portfolio Assets pursuant to 
the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed and secondly, to the extent that the IsDB 
does not have sufficient Additional Portfolio Assets on its balance sheet and at its disposal for sale 
to the Trustee to enable the Trustee to reinvest the principal amounts in full, by acquiring Shares 
and/or Sukuk in the open market (through the IsDB as its Wakeel). Any such Additional Portfolio 
Assets, Shares and Sukuk will form part of the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. 
The IsDB has undertaken to purchase the outstanding Portfolio relating to each Series of Trust 
Certificates on the relevant Dissolution Date pursuant to the Purchase Undertaking Deed, to be 
supplemented, at the time of each such purchase, by the IsDB Purchase Agreement containing the 
specific terms applicable to the relevant purchase. The Trustee has agreed to sell the outstanding 
Portfolio relating to each Series of Trust Certificates on the relevant Dissolution Date pursuant to 
the Sale Undertaking Deed, to be supplemented, at the time of each such purchase, by the Sale 
Agreement containing the specific terms applicable to the relevant sale. The purchase price payable 
by the IsDB pursuant to each such IsDB Purchase Agreement and the sale price pursuant to each 
such Sale Agreement will be an amount equal to: (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount (as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the relevant Series of 
Trust Certificates; and (b) the amount of accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts on such 
date. The Trustee will distribute the proceeds of sale of the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates to Certificateholders of the relevant Series in the amounts required to be paid in respect 
of the relevant Trust Certificates under the Conditions or as otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, applicable to such Series. 
Pursuant to the Guarantee, the IsDB has guaranteed to the Trustee the punctual performance of any 
and all payment obligations arising or falling due under or in respect of the assets constituting the 
Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. Further, the IsDB has agreed in the 
Guarantee that if, on a day falling three Business Days prior to a Periodic Distribution Date in 
respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates there is a shortfall between the Periodic 
Distribution Amounts due on the immediately following Periodic Distribution Date and the Profit 
Collections received in respect of the Portfolio Constituent Assets comprised in the Portfolio 
relating to the such Series of Trust Certificates (whether due to the maturity of obligations, the early

--- Page 71 ---
49
repayment of amounts due or a failure by any person to pay amounts that have become due and 
payable, in respect of such Portfolio Constituent Assets or for any other reason), such that the 
Trustee would be unable to pay Periodic Distribution Amounts (including any additional amounts 
payable under Condition 12 (Taxation)) due to Certificateholders on such Periodic Distribution 
Date in full, the IsDB shall immediately pay to the Trustee the amount of such shortfall in the 
manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions for payment by the Trustee in respect of Trust 
Certificates. The aggregate amounts recoverable by the Trustee under the Guarantee shall not 
exceed the sum of all (i) Periodic Distribution Amounts due to Certificateholders on all relevant 
Periodic Distribution Dates determined on a pro rata basis for the Return Accumulation Period 
ending on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date and (ii) any such additional amounts as aforesaid. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Assets in respect of 
each Series of Trust Certificates will comprise: 
(a)
the Initial Trust Property (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); 
(b)
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in and to the 
Portfolio; 
(c)
all of the Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, present and future, in and to the 
Programme Documents and Transaction Documents to which it is a party (excluding 
any representation given to the Trustee by the IsDB pursuant to any of the Programme 
Documents or Transaction Documents); 
(d)
the rights of the Trustee to any Cash (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) in any of its 
bank accounts (and any profit or income earned on such Cash) and any other amounts 
held by any agent on its behalf (including, but not limited to, any amount held on its 
behalf pursuant to the Wakala Agreement), and the rights and interests of the Trustee in 
any assets held by the IsDB on trust for it, which are attributable to, arise from, or are 
in any way connected with such Series of Trust Certificates; 
(e)
any Eligible Investments (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) other than the Portfolio 
(and any profit or income earned on such Eligible Investments other than the Portfolio) 
which are attributable to, arise from, or are in any way connected with such Series of 
Trust Certificates; 
(f)
any amount contributed pursuant to clause 18.2 (Application of Moneys) of the Master 
Trust Deed; 
(g)
any other assets, rights, Cash or investments of the Trustee as may be specified in the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed;  
(h)
all moneys standing to the credit of the Transaction Account from time to time; and 
(i)
any proceeds arising from the sale of any of the assets comprised in (a) to (g) and any 
assets representing the same. 
5.2
Application of Trust Assets prior to Dissolution
Prior to the Dissolution Date, payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts in respect of the Trust 
Certificates will represent (unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Wakala 
Agreement), inter alia, distributions from: (a) profit collections received by or on behalf of the 
Trustee from the IsDB in its capacity as Wakeel in respect of the relevant Portfolio (and, if 
applicable, the proceeds of certain indemnities from the IsDB) after paying certain fees and

--- Page 72 ---
50
expenses of the Trust; and (b) if applicable, any amounts advanced to (or otherwise contributed to) 
the Trust and/or the Trustee by the IsDB pursuant to the Guarantee, the Master Trust Deed and the 
relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Wakala Agreement, on each Settlement 
Date the Wakeel will apply the relevant collections received in the immediately preceding 
Calculation Period standing to the credit of the relevant Transaction Account to pay the following 
amounts on behalf of the Trustee in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(a)
FIRST to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to it under the Programme 
Documents and Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate and to any receiver, 
manager or administrative receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in respect 
of the Trust by the Delegate in accordance with the Trust Deed (by way of partial 
distribution of the relevant Certificateholder Entitlement); 
(b)
SECONDLY pro rata, to pay an amount equal to any other sums payable by the Trustee 
(other than to Certificateholders or as otherwise provided in the third and fourth items 
(inclusive) below) including rating fees, listing fees, paying agents' fees and corporate 
administrator fees together with any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other 
fees, duties and taxes, including compensation and penalties, payable on or in 
connection with: (i) the execution and delivery of the Master Trust Deed, the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the relevant Series and the Conditions; (ii) the constitution 
and original issue of the relevant Series; and (iii) any action taken by or on behalf of the 
Trustee or (where permitted by the Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed, the Trust Certificates and the Conditions) any Certificateholder to enforce, or to 
resolve any doubt concerning, or for any other purpose in relation to, the Master Trust 
Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Certificates and the Conditions 
each of which such amounts shall have been properly incurred by the Trustee and to pay 
any remuneration agreed with the Trustee pursuant to such arrangements as the Wakeel, 
the Delegate and the Trustee shall separately agree; and 
(c)
THIRDLY, in respect of each Periodic Distribution Date, to pay to the Principal Paying 
Agent any Periodic Distribution Amounts due and payable on such Periodic Distribution 
Date. 
The Trustee will establish a Transaction Account in respect of each Series by no later than the 
relevant Issue Date. The Transaction Account shall be operated by the Principal Paying Agent 
on behalf of the Trustee and shall be the account into which the IsDB will deposit all amounts 
payable by it to the Trustee pursuant to the terms of the relevant Programme Documents and the 
Transaction Documents. 
5.3
Application of Trust Assets on the Dissolution Date
On the Dissolution Date, the Portfolio will be transferred by the Trustee to the IsDB pursuant to the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed and the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement or, as the case may be, 
pursuant to the Sale Undertaking Deed and the relevant Sale Agreement, in return for a purchase 
price (to be specified in the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement or Sale Agreement, as the case may 
be) equal to: (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be); and (b) the amount of accrued but unpaid 
Periodic Distribution Amounts on such date (including any additional amounts payable pursuant to 
Condition 12 (Taxation)). 
The Trustee will apply the proceeds of such purchase price together with any remaining Trust 
Assets and, if applicable, any amounts advanced to (or otherwise paid to) the Trustee by the IsDB

--- Page 73 ---
51
pursuant to the Guarantee, the Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed and 
any other amounts as may be specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, as the case may 
be, to make payments in respect of, inter alia, the Trust Certificates in accordance with the 
following order of priority (or as otherwise specified in the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, as 
the case may be): 
(a)
FIRST to the Delegate in respect to of all amounts owing to it under the Programme 
Documents and Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate and to any receiver, 
manager or administrative receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in respect 
of the Trust by the Delegate in accordance with the Trust Deed (by way of partial 
distribution of the relevant Certificateholder Entitlement); 
(b)
SECONDLY to pay, pro rata, an amount equal to any other sums payable by the Trustee 
(other than to Certificateholders or as otherwise provided in the Third and Fourth items 
(inclusive) below) including rating fees, listing fees, paying agent's fees and corporate 
administrator fees together with any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and certain 
other fees, duties and taxes, including compensation and penalties, payable on or in 
connection with (i) the execution and delivery of the Master Trust Deed, the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and the Conditions, 
(ii) the constitution and original issue of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and (iii) 
any action taken by or on behalf of the Trustee or (where permitted under the Master 
Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Certificates and the 
Conditions so to do) any Certificateholder to enforce, or to resolve any doubt 
concerning, or for any other purpose in relation to, the Master Trust Deed or the relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and the Conditions 
each of which such amounts shall have been properly incurred by the Trustee and to pay 
any remuneration agreed with the Trustee pursuant to such arrangements as the IsDB, 
the Delegate and the Trustee shall separately agree; 
(c)
THIRDLY to pay an amount equal to any outstanding sums payable in respect of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates until redeemed in full by way of distributing the 
remainder of the relevant Certificateholder Entitlement; and 
(d)
FOURTHLY to pay all remaining amounts to the IsDB by way of an Incentive Fee (as 
defined in the Master Wakala Agreement), for acting as Wakeel in relation to the 
Programme. 
6
COVENANTS 
Each Trustee has covenanted in the Master Trust Deed that, inter alia, for so long as any Trust 
Certificate is outstanding, it shall not (subject to contrary instructions or an Extraordinary 
Resolution of Certificateholders provided to the Delegate): 
(a)
incur any indebtedness in respect of borrowed money whatsoever, or give any guarantee 
in respect of any obligation of any person or issue any shares (or rights, warrants or 
options in respect of shares or securities convertible into or exchangeable for shares) 
other than the Trust Certificates issued under the Programme; 
(b)
secure any of its present or future indebtedness for borrowed money by any lien, pledge, 
charge or other security interest upon any of its present or future assets, properties or 
revenues (other than those arising by operation of law); 
(c)
sell, transfer, convey or otherwise dispose of: (i) its legal title (apparent ownership) to 
the Portfolio of the relevant Series or any interest therein except pursuant to (A) the

--- Page 74 ---
52
Purchase Undertaking Deed and the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement and (B) the Sale 
Undertaking Deed and the relevant Sale Agreement; or (ii) its interests in any of the 
other Trust Assets of the relevant Series except pursuant to the Programme Documents, 
the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement, the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets 
Sale Agreement or the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed; 
(d)
use the relevant Certificateholder Contribution for any purpose other than as set out in 
the Programme Documents or the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, as the case may 
be; 
(e)
amend materially or agree to any material amendment of any Programme Document or 
Transaction Document to which it is a party, or its memorandum and articles of 
association, or enter into any other agreement, letter or other document in connection 
with the Programme without: (i) the prior approval of the Certificateholders of the 
relevant Series by way of Extraordinary Resolution or otherwise in accordance with 
clause 15 (Waiver and Amendments) of the Master Trust Deed; and (ii) first notifying 
the Rating Agencies of the proposed amendments and subsequently providing the 
Rating Agencies with copies of the relevant executed amended Programme Documents 
or Transaction Documents; 
(f)
act as trustee in respect of any trust other than the Trust corresponding to a Series of 
Trust Certificates issued from time to time pursuant to the Programme; 
(g)
have any Subsidiaries or employees; 
(h)
redeem any of its shares or pay any dividend or make any other distribution to its 
shareholders save for an aggregate annual dividend not exceeding £500; 
(i)
put to its directors or shareholders any resolution for or appoint any liquidator for its 
winding up or any resolution for the commencement of any other bankruptcy or 
insolvency proceeding with respect to it, otherwise than for the purposes of, or pursuant 
to, an amalgamation, reorganisation or restructuring whilst solvent; and 
(j)
enter into any contract, transaction, amendment, obligation or liability other than the 
Programme Documents or Transaction Documents to which it is a party or as expressly 
permitted or required thereunder or engage in any business or activity other than: 
(i)
as provided for or permitted in the Programme Documents or the relevant 
Transaction Documents, as the case may be; 
(ii)
the ownership, management and disposal of Trust Assets as provided in the 
Programme Documents or the relevant Transaction Documents, as the case may 
be; and 
(iii)
such other matters which are incidental thereto. 
7
FIXED PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION AMOUNT PROVISIONS 
7.1
Application
This Condition 7 is applicable to the Trust Certificates only if the Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Amount Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, as being applicable.

--- Page 75 ---
53
7.2
Periodic Distribution Amount
A Periodic Distribution Amount representing a defined share of the profit in respect of the Trust 
Assets for the relevant Series of Trust Certificates will be payable in respect of the Trust Certificates 
and be distributable by the Trustee out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. 
7.3
Fixed Amount
The Periodic Distribution Amount payable in respect of each Trust Certificate for any Return 
Accumulation Period shall be the relevant Fixed Amount and, if the Trust Certificates are in more 
than one Specified Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Amount in respect of the relevant 
Specified Denomination. 
7.4
Periodic Distribution Date
Subject to Condition 7.6 (Cessation of Profit Entitlement), Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for 
Tax Reasons), Condition 11.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee) and Condition 14 
(Dissolution Events) below, and unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, each Periodic Distribution Amount will be made 
in respect of the relevant Trust Certificates in arrear on each Periodic Distribution Date. 
7.5
Return Accumulation Period
The Periodic Distribution Amount payable on each Periodic Distribution Date will be in respect of 
the relevant Return Accumulation Period which, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall be the period from and 
including the Return Accrual Commencement Date of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates to 
but excluding the first Periodic Distribution Date in respect of such Series and each successive 
period from and including a Periodic Distribution Date to but excluding the next succeeding 
Periodic Distribution Date. 
7.6
Cessation of Profit Entitlement
No further amounts will be payable on any Trust Certificate from and including the Dissolution 
Date unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Dissolution Amount or any part thereof is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, Periodic Distribution Amounts shall continue to be 
payable as provided in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Trust Certificate up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Certificateholder; and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Certificateholders of the relevant Series 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Trust Certificates up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment under these Conditions). 
7.7
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount
The Periodic Distribution Amount payable on any Periodic Distribution Date in respect of each 
Trust Certificate for any period for which a Fixed Amount is not specified, shall be calculated by 
the Calculation Agent by applying the applicable Rate to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the 
product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-
unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such 
rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Trust Certificate divided 
by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose, a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other

--- Page 76 ---
54
than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
7.8
Determination by the Trustee
The Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be, shall, if the Calculation Agent defaults at any time 
in its obligation to determine the Periodic Distribution Amount in accordance with the above 
provisions, determine the Periodic Distribution Amount in the manner provided in Condition 7.7 
(Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount) above and any such determination shall be deemed 
to be a determination by the Calculation Agent. 
7.9
Notifications, etc. to be final
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 7, whether 
by the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be, will (in 
the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error) be binding on the Trustee, the 
Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent and all Certificateholders of such Series (in the absence as 
referred to above). No liability to the Trustee, the IsDB, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent 
or the Certificateholders shall attach to the Calculation Agent or, where applicable, the Trustee or 
the Delegate, as the case may be, in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions under this Condition 7. 
7.10
Renminbi Fixed Rate Trust Certificates 
In the case of a Fixed Rate Trust Certificate where the Specified Currency is Renminbi and the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, specifies a Business Day 
Convention to be applicable (an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Trust Certificate), each Periodic 
Distribution Date (and, accordingly, the relevant Return Accumulation Period) will be adjusted (if 
required) in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention. For the purposes of the 
Conditions relating to an Adjusted Renminbi Fixed Rate Trust Certificate, the term Business Day
shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in the applicable RMB Settlement Centre(s). 
8
FLOATING PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION AMOUNT PROVISIONS 
8.1
Application
This Condition 8 is applicable to the Trust Certificates only if the Floating Periodic Distribution 
Amount Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, as being applicable. 
8.2
Periodic Distribution Amount
A Periodic Distribution Amount representing a defined share of the profit in respect of the Trust 
Assets for the relevant Series of Trust Certificates will be payable in respect of the Trust Certificates 
and be distributable by the Trustee out of amounts transferred to the Transaction Account to the 
Certificateholders in accordance with these Conditions. 
8.3
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Trust Certificates not referencing SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR
Subject to Condition 8.11 (Benchmark Replacement), if Screen Rate Determination is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as the manner

--- Page 77 ---
55
in which the Rate(s) is/are to be determined, and the Reference Rate is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be,  as being a Reference Rate other than 
SONIA, SOFR or €STR, the Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates for each Return Accumulation 
Period will be determined by the Calculation Agent on the following basis: 
(a)
if the Reference Rate specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one 
entity, the Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the 
Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date; 
(b)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the 
Reference Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the 
relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date; 
(c)
if, in the case of (a) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (b) 
above, fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant 
Screen Page is unavailable, the Calculation Agent will: 
(i)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference 
Banks to provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant 
Time on the Periodic Distribution Determination Date to prime banks in the 
Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is representative for 
a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(ii)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(d)
subject to Condition 8.11 (Benchmark Replacement) below, if fewer than two such 
quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic 
mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as determined by the Calculation 
Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, 
selected by the Calculation Agent, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) on the first day of the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading European banks for a 
period equal to the relevant Return Accumulation Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate for such Return Accumulation Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or 
(as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation 
Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with 
the above provisions in relation to any Return Accumulation Period, and provided further that such 
failure is not due to the occurrence of a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 8.11 (Benchmark 
Replacement) below), the Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates during such Return 
Accumulation Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the 
arithmetic mean last determined in relation to the Trust Certificates in respect of a preceding Return 
Accumulation Period. 
If the Rate cannot be determined because of the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Rate shall 
be calculated in accordance with the terms of Condition 8.11 (Benchmark Replacement). 
8.4
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Trust Certificates referencing SONIA, SOFR 
or €STR

--- Page 78 ---
56
(a)
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement as the manner in which the Rate is to be determined and the Reference Rate is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR: 
(i)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being 
"Compounded Daily", the Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates for each Return 
Accumulation Period will (subject to Condition 8.11 and subject as provided below) 
be the Compounded Daily Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) on the 
Periodic Distribution Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded 
upwards; 
(ii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as being "Weighted 
Average", the Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates for each Return Accumulation 
Period will (subject to Condition 8.11 and subject as provided below) be the 
Weighted Average Reference Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) on the Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the 
fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards; and 
(iii)
where the Calculation Method in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates 
is specified as being "SOFR Index", the Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates for 
each Return Accumulation Period will, subject as provided below, be the SOFR 
Index Reference Rate (as defined below) plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) the Margin, all as determined by the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) on the Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if 
necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards. 
(b)
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, subject to Condition 8.11, if, in respect of any Business Day, the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) determines that the SONIA rate is not 
available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant 
authorised distributors, such SONIA rate shall be:  
(i)
the Bank of England's Bank Rate (the Bank Rate) prevailing at 5.00 p.m. (or, if 
earlier, close of business) on the relevant Business Day plus  the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA rate to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
reference rate has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more 
than one highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if 
there is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads); or 
(ii)
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at 5.00 p.m. (or, if earlier, 
close of business) on the relevant Business Day, the SONIA rate published on the

--- Page 79 ---
57
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) 
for the first preceding Business Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors), 
(and, in each case, "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(c)
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, subject to Condition 8.11, if, in respect of any Business Day, the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) determines that the SOFR rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the SOFR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the SOFR was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(and "r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(d)
Where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement, subject to Condition 8.11, if, in respect of any Business Day, the Principal 
Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement) determines that the €STR rate does not 
appear on the Relevant Screen Page, such Reference Rate shall be the €STR for the first 
preceding Business Day on which the €STR was published on the Relevant Screen Page (and 
"r" shall be interpreted accordingly). 
(e)
In the event that the Rate for the relevant Return Accumulation Period cannot be determined 
in accordance with the foregoing provisions, subject to Condition 8.11, the Rate for such 
Return Accumulation Period shall be: (i) that determined as at the last preceding Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin is to be 
applied to the relevant Return Accumulation Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Return Accumulation Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, in place of the Margin relating to that last preceding Return 
Accumulation Period); or (ii) if there is no such preceding Periodic Distribution 
Determination Date, the initial Rate which would have been applicable to such Series of 
Trust Certificates for the first Return Accumulation Period had the Trust Certificates been in 
issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Return Accumulation Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Return Accrual Commencement Date (but applying the 
Margin applicable to the first Return Accumulation Period). 
(f)
If the relevant Series of Trust Certificates become due and payable in accordance with 
Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), the last Periodic Distribution Determination Date shall, 
notwithstanding any Periodic Distribution Determination Date specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, be deemed to be the date on which such Trust 
Certificates became due and payable and the Rate on such Trust Certificates shall, for so long 
as the Trust Certificates remain outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
(g)
For the purposes of this Condition 8.4: 
If "Payment Delay" is specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement as 
being applicable, all references in these Conditions to profit on the Trust Certificates being 
payable on a Periodic Distribution Date shall be read as references to profit on the Trust 
Certificates being payable on an Effective Periodic Distribution Date instead; 
Applicable Period means:

--- Page 80 ---
58
(a) where "Lag", "Lock-out" or "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation Method 
in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the relevant Return Accumulation 
Period; and 
(b) where "Observation Shift" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the Observation Period relating to such Return 
Accumulation Period; 
Business Day or BD means, 
(a) where "SONIA" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, any day on which commercial banks are open for general business 
(including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
(b) where "SOFR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, any day which is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day and is 
not a legal holiday in New York and is not a date on which banking institutions in those 
cities are authorised or required by law or regulation to be closed; and 
(c) where "€STR" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, a day on which TARGET2 System is open for settlements of payments 
in euro; 
Compounded Daily Reference Rate means, with respect to a Return Accumulation Period, 
the rate of return of a daily compound interest investment in the Specified Currency (with 
the applicable Reference Rate (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement and further provided for below) as the reference rate for the calculation of 
profit) and will be calculated by the Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible 
for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement) as at the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date as follows, and the 
resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
D is the number specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
d means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of calendar days in such 
Applicable Period; 
do means, for the relevant Applicable Period, the number of Business Days in such 
Applicable Period; 
Effective Periodic Distribution Date means any date or dates specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement; 
€STR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily euro short-
term rate for such Business Day as provided by the European Central Bank, as administrator 
of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate), on the website of the European 
Central Bank currently at http://www.ecb.europa.eu, or any successor website officially 
designated by the European Central Bank (the ECB's Website) in each case, on or before

--- Page 81 ---
59
9:00 a.m., (Central European Time) on the Business Day immediately following such 
Business Day; 
"i" means, for the relevant Applicable Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, 
each representing the relevant Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first Business Day in such Applicable Period; 
Lock-out Period means the period from, and including, the day following the Periodic 
Distribution Determination Date to, but excluding, the corresponding Periodic Distribution 
Date; 
ni, for any Business Day i in the Applicable Period, means the number of calendar days 
from, and including, such Business Day "i" up to but excluding the following Business Day; 
New York Federal Reserve's Website means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York; 
Observation Period means, in respect of the relevant Return Accumulation Period, the 
period from, and including, the date falling "p" Business Days prior to the first day of such 
Return Accumulation Period (and the first Return Accumulation Period shall begin on and 
include the Return Accrual Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date 
which is "p" Business Days prior to the Periodic Distribution Date for such Return 
Accumulation Period (or the date falling "p" Business Days prior to such earlier date, if any, 
on which the Trust Certificates become due and payable); 
p means, for any Return Accumulation Period: 
a)
where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, the number of Business Days included in the Observation 
Look-back Period specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(which shall not be less than five Business Days without the consent of the 
Principal Paying Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement)); 
b) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final 
Terms or Pricing Supplement, zero; and 
c)
where "Observation Shift" or "SOFR Index" is specified as the Observation 
Method in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, the number of 
Business Days included in the Observation Look-back Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (which shall not be less than five 
Business Days without the consent of the Principal Paying Agent (or such other 
party responsible for the calculation of the Rate, as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms or Pricing Supplement)); 
"r" means: 
a)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SONIA" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect 
of such Business Day; 
b) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SOFR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the

--- Page 82 ---
60
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
c)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "€STR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and either "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is specified as the 
Observation Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such 
Business Day; 
d) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SONIA" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(1)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SONIA 
rate in respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such 
Reference Day, and 
(2)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SONIA rate in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Periodic Distribution Determination Date); 
e)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SOFR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(1)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the SOFR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(2)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the SOFR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Periodic Distribution Determination Date); 
f)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "€STR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method: 
(1)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is a Reference Day, the €STR in 
respect of the Business Day immediately preceding such Reference Day, 
and 
(2)
in respect of any Business Day "i" that is not a Reference Day (being a 
Business Day in the Lock-out Period), the €STR in respect of the 
Business Day immediately preceding the last Reference Day of the 
relevant Return Accumulation Period (such last Reference Day 
coinciding with the Periodic Distribution Determination Date); 
g)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SONIA" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SONIA rate in respect of such 
Business Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Return Accumulation 
Period, in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the 
Rate Cut-off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for

--- Page 83 ---
61
redemption, as applicable, "r" shall be the SONIA rate in respect of the Rate Cut-
off Date; 
h) where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "SOFR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the SOFR in respect of such Business 
Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Return Accumulation Period, 
in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the SOFR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; and 
i)
where in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement "€STR" is specified 
as the Reference Rate and "Payment Delay" is specified as the Observation 
Method, in respect of any Business Day, the €STR in respect of such Business 
Day, provided however that, in the case of the last Return Accumulation Period, 
in respect of each Business Day in the period from (and including) the Rate Cut-
off Date to (but excluding) the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption, as 
applicable, "r" shall be the €STR in respect of the Rate Cut-off Date; 
Rate Cut-off Date has the meaning given in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing 
Supplement; 
Reference Day means each Business Day in the relevant Return Accumulation Period, other 
than any Business Day in the Lock-out Period; 
"ri-pBD" means the applicable Reference Rate as set out in the definition of "r" above for, (i) 
where, in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, "Lag" is specified as the 
Observation Method, the Business Day (being a Business Day falling in the relevant 
Observation Period) falling "p" Business Days prior to the relevant Business Day "i" or, (ii) 
otherwise, the relevant Business Day "i"; 
SOFR means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate as provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) on the New York 
Federal Reserve's Website, in each case on or about 5.00 p.m. (New York City Time) on the 
Business Day immediately following such Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); 
SOFR Averages means the computation bearing the same name as published on the New 
York Federal Reserve's Website; 
SOFR Index with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means: 
(a)
the SOFR Index value as published by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor administrator of such rate) as such index 
appears on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at 5.00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
such U.S. Government Securities Business Day (the SOFR Determination Time); or 
(b)
if a SOFR Index value does not so appear as specified in (a) above at the SOFR 
Determination Time, then: 
(1) if a Benchmark Event has not occurred, the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be the 
SOFR Index Unavailable value; or

--- Page 84 ---
62
(2) if a Benchmark Event has occurred, then the SOFR Index Reference Rate shall be 
the rate determined pursuant to Condition 8.11 (Benchmark Replacement); 
SOFR IndexEnd means the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Periodic Distribution Date relating to such Return 
Accumulation Period; 
SOFR Index Reference Rate means: 
where "dc" is the number of calendar days from (and including) SOFR IndexStart to (but 
excluding) SOFR IndexEnd (the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period); 
SOFR IndexStart is the SOFR Index value for the day which is "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the first date of the relevant Return Accumulation Period; 
SOFR Index Unavailable means if a SOFR IndexStart or SOFR IndexEnd is not published on 
the associated Periodic Distribution Determination Date and a Benchmark Event has not 
occurred, "SOFR Index Reference Rate" means, for the relevant Return Accumulation Period 
for which such index is not available, the rate of return on a daily compounded interest 
investment calculated in accordance with the formula for SOFR Averages, and definitions 
required for such formula, published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website at 
https://www.newyorkfed.org/markets/treasury-repo-reference-ratesinformation. 
For 
the 
purposes of this provision, references in the SOFR Averages compounding formula and 
related definitions to "calculation period" shall be replaced with "Observation Period" and 
the words "that is, 30-, 90-, or 180- calendar days" shall be removed. If the daily SOFR does 
not so appear for any day, "i" in the Observation Period, SOFR for such day "i" shall be SOFR 
published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for 
which SOFR was published on the New York Federal Reserve's Website. 
SONIA means, in respect of any Business Day, a reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average rate for such Business Day as provided by the administrator of 
SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such authorised 
distributors in each case on the Business Day immediately following such Business Day; 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for a Saturday, Sunday or 
a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association (or any successor 
thereto) recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the 
entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; and 
Weighted Average Reference Rate means: 
(a) where "Lag" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms or 
Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Observation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant 
Observation Period. For these purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day 
which is not a Business Day shall be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Business Day immediately preceding such calendar day; and

--- Page 85 ---
63
(b) where "Lock-out" is specified as the Observation Method in the applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, the arithmetic mean of the Reference Rate in effect for each calendar 
day during the relevant Return Accumulation Period, calculated by multiplying each relevant 
Reference Rate by the number of calendar days such rate is in effect, determining the sum of 
such products and dividing such sum by the number of calendar days in the relevant Return 
Accumulation Period, provided however that for any calendar day of such Return 
Accumulation Period falling in the Lock-out Period, the relevant Reference Rate for each day 
during that Lock-out Period will be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the 
Reference Day immediately preceding the first day of such Lock-out Period. For these 
purposes the Reference Rate in effect for any calendar day which is not a Business Day shall, 
subject to the proviso above, be deemed to be the Reference Rate in effect for the Business 
Day immediately preceding such calendar day. 
8.5
Cessation of Profit Entitlement
No further amounts will be payable on any Trust Certificate from and including the Dissolution 
Date unless, upon due presentation, payment of the Dissolution Amount or any part thereof is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, Periodic Distribution Amounts shall continue to be 
payable as provided in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of: (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Trust Certificate up 
to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Certificateholder; and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Principal Paying Agent has notified the Certificateholders of the relevant Series 
that it has received all sums due in respect of the Trust Certificates up to such seventh day (except 
to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment under these Conditions). 
8.6
Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which the Rate is to be 
determined in relation to each Return Accumulation Period, calculate the Periodic Distribution 
Amount payable in respect of each Trust Certificate for such Return Accumulation Period. The 
Periodic Distribution Amount will be calculated by applying the Rate applicable to the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant 
Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction 
equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Trust Certificate divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose, a sub-unit means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the 
case of euro, means one cent. 
8.7
Calculation of Other Amounts
If the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, specifies 
that any other amount is to be calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as 
soon as practicable after the time or times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate 
the relevant amount. The relevant amount will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
8.8
Determination by the Trustee
The Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be, shall, if the Calculation Agent defaults at any time 
in its obligation to determine the Periodic Distribution Amount in accordance with the above 
provisions, determine the Periodic Distribution Amount in the manner provided in Conditions 8.6

--- Page 86 ---
64
(Calculation of Periodic Distribution Amount) and 8.7 (Calculation of Other Amounts) above and 
any such determination shall be deemed to be a determination by the Calculation Agent. 
8.9
Publication
The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate and Periodic Distribution Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, and any other amount(s) required to be 
determined by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Principal Paying 
Agent and each competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the 
Trust Certificates have then been admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable 
after such determination but (in the case of each Rate, Periodic Distribution Amount and Periodic 
Distribution Date) in any event not later than the first day of the relevant Return Accumulation 
Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Certificateholders. The Calculation Agent 
(or, as the case may be, the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be) will be entitled to recalculate 
any Periodic Distribution Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Return Accumulation Period. If the Calculation 
Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Periodic Distribution Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation 
Amount and the Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of a Trust Certificate having the minimum 
Specified Denomination. 
8.10
Notifications, etc. to be final
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 8, whether 
by the Calculation Agent or, if applicable, the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be, will be 
binding on the Trustee, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent and all Certificateholders (in the 
absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest or proven error). No liability to the Trustee, the 
IsDB, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent or the Certificateholders shall attach to the 
Calculation Agent or, where applicable, the Trustee or the Delegate, as the case may be, in 
connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions under this 
Condition 8. 
8.11
Benchmark Replacement
Notwithstanding the provisions in Conditions 8.3 and 8.4 above, if the IsDB (in consultation, to the 
extent practicable, with the Calculation Agent or such other person specified in the applicable Final 
Terms as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) and Periodic Distribution Amount(s))
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to a Reference Rate when any Rate (or 
the relevant component part thereof) remains to be determined by such Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(a)
the Trustee and the IsDB shall use reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine, no later than five Business 
Days prior to the relevant Periodic Distribution Determination Date relating to the next 
succeeding Return Accumulation Period (the IA Determination Cut-off Date), a 
Successor Rate or, alternatively, if there is no Successor Rate, an Alternative Rate and 
(in either case) any Adjustment Spread for purposes of determining the Rate (or the 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Certificates for all future Return 
Accumulation Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 8.11; 
(b)
if a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate (as applicable) is determined 
in accordance with the preceding provision, such Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) shall be the Reference Rate for each of the future Return

--- Page 87 ---
65
Accumulation Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as 
provided in this Condition 8.11);  
(c)
if the IsDB is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser, or the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate prior to the IA 
Determination Cut-off Date, the Rate applicable to the next succeeding Return 
Accumulation Period shall be equal to the Rate last determined in relation to the Trust 
Certificates in respect of the preceding Return Accumulation Period (or alternatively, if 
there has not been a first Periodic Distribution Date, the profit rate shall be the initial 
Rate) (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such 
preceding Return Accumulation Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant 
Return Accumulation Period); for the avoidance of doubt, the proviso in this Condition 
8.11(c) shall apply to the relevant Return Accumulation Period only and any subsequent 
Return Accumulation Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of and to 
adjustment as provided in this Condition 8.11; 
(d)
if the Independent Adviser determines a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) in accordance with the above provisions, the Independent Adviser may 
also (without the consent or approval of Certificateholders), acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, specify changes to these Conditions, including but not 
limited to the Day Count Fraction, Relevant Screen Page, Business Day Convention, 
Business Days, Periodic Distribution Determination Date, and/or the definition of 
Reference Rate applicable to the Trust Certificates, and the method for determining the 
fallback rate in relation to the Trust Certificates, in order to ensure the proper operation of 
such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (in either case) any 
Adjustment Spread. If the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the IsDB) determines 
that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as applicable) and determines the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable). If the Independent Adviser is unable 
to determine the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining such 
Adjustment Spread, then such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as applicable) will apply 
without an Adjustment Spread; 
(e)
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 8.11 and the Independent Adviser (if appointed) (acting in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions, the Master Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction 
Document are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark 
Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Trustee shall, 
subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8.11(f), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of Certificateholders, vary these Conditions, the 
Master Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or such other Transaction Document(s) to 
give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. At the request of the IsDB, but subject to receipt by the Delegate of a certificate 
signed by two authorised signatories of the IsDB confirming (1) that a Benchmark Event 
has occurred, (2) the Successor Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate and, (3) 
where applicable, any Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments and that any such Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the 
proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread, the 
Delegate shall, without any requirement for the consent or approval of the 
Certificateholders, be obliged to concur with the IsDB in effecting any Benchmark 
Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement supplemental to or

--- Page 88 ---
66
amending the Master Trust Deed, the Agency Agreement and/or any other Transaction 
Document). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Delegate shall not be obliged so to 
concur if in the opinion of the Delegate doing so would impose more onerous obligations 
upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities or liabilities or reduce or 
amend the protective provisions afforded to the Delegate in these Conditions or the 
Master Trust Deed in any way; 
(f)
the Trustee shall promptly, following the determination of any Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable) or Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments to these Conditions, the Master Trust Deed, the Agency 
Agreement or any/other Transaction Document, promptly give notice thereof to the 
Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Certificateholders. 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any; 
(g)
the Delegate shall be entitled to rely on such certificates referred to in (e) (without liability 
to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificates will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments 
(if any), which are to be determined solely by the Trustee and the IsDB following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser, and without prejudice to the Delegate's ability 
to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the IsDB, the Trustee, the Delegate, 
the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Certificateholders; and 
(h)
an Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8.11 shall act in good faith 
as an expert and (in the absence of bad faith or fraud) shall have no liability whatsoever 
to the IsDB, the Trustee, the Delegate, the Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
or the Certificateholders for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 8.11. 
In this Condition 8.11: 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive or negative) or (b) a formula 
or methodology for calculating a spread, which the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the 
IsDB) determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
applicable) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(a)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
(b)
in the case of a Successor Rate for which no such recommendation has been made or in 
the case of an Alternative Rate, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the IsDB) 
(acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) determines is recognised 
or acknowledged as being in customary market usage in international debt capital 
markets transactions which reference the Reference Rate, where such rate has been 
replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as applicable); or 
(c)
if the Independent Adviser (in consultation with the Trustee and the IsDB) determines 
that no such spread is customarily applied, the Independent Adviser (in consultation with 
the Trustee and the IsDB) determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
relevant Reference Rate where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Reference Rate (as applicable);

--- Page 89 ---
67
Alternative Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines has replaced the relevant 
Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes 
of determining profit rates in respect of certificates denominated in the Specified Currency and of 
a comparable duration to the relevant Return Accumulation Period, or, if the Independent Adviser 
determines that there is no such rate, such other rate as the Independent Adviser determines in its 
sole discretion (acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner) is most comparable 
to the relevant Reference Rate; 
Benchmark Event means (i) the Reference Rate ceases to be published on the Relevant Screen 
Page as a result of such benchmark ceasing to be calculated or administered or ceasing to be 
published for at least five Business Days; (ii) a specified date referred to in a public statement by 
the administrator of the Reference Rate when it will cease publishing the Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been appointed 
that will continue publication of the Reference Rate); (iii) a specified date referred to in a public 
statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Reference Rate when the Reference Rate has 
been or will be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; (iv) a public statement by the supervisor 
of the administrator of the Reference Rate that means the Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences; or (v) it has become 
unlawful to calculate any payments due to be made to any Certificateholder using the Reference 
Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmark Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if 
applicable); 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or other 
independent financial adviser experienced in the international debt capital markets, in each case 
appointed by the IsDB at its own expense; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a Reference Rate: (i) the central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to which the Reference Rate 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the Reference Rate; or (ii) any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired 
or co-chaired by or constituted at the request of (A) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary 
authority or any similar institution, for the currency to which the Reference Rate relates, (B) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the Reference Rate, (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof, or (E) the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc. or any part thereof; and 
Successor Rate means the reference rate (and related alternative screen page or source, if available) 
that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or replacement of the Reference Rate (for 
the avoidance of doubt, whether or not such Reference Rate has ceased to be available) which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.
9
PAYMENT 
Payment of Dissolution Amounts and Periodic Distribution Amounts will be made by transfer to 
the registered account (as defined below) of the Certificateholder or by cheque drawn on a bank 
that processes payments in the Specified Currency mailed to the registered address of the 
Certificateholder if it does not have a registered account. Payments of Dissolution Amounts and 
payments of Periodic Distribution Amounts due otherwise than on a Periodic Distribution Date will 
only be made against surrender of the relevant Certificate of Registration at the Specified Office of 
any of the Agents. Periodic Distribution Amounts on Trust Certificates due on a Periodic 
Distribution Date will be paid to the holder shown on the relevant Register on the Record Date.

--- Page 90 ---
68
For the purposes of this Condition 9, a Certificateholder's registered account means the account 
in the Specified Currency maintained by or on behalf of such Certificateholder with a bank that 
processes payments in the Specified Currency, details of which appear on the Register at the close 
of business, in the case of principal and Periodic Distribution Amounts due otherwise than on a 
Periodic Distribution Date, on the second Payment Business Day before the due date for payment 
and, in the case of principal and Periodic Distribution Amounts due on a Periodic Distribution Date, 
on the relevant Record Date, and a Certificateholder's registered address means its address 
appearing on the relevant Register at that time. 
All such payments will be made subject to any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable in the 
place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions described in Condition 12 (Taxation). 
Where payment is to be made by transfer to a registered account, payment instructions (for value 
the due date or, if that is not a Payment Business Day, for value the first following day which is a 
Payment Business Day) will be initiated and, where payment is to be made by cheque, the cheque 
will be mailed, on the Payment Business Day preceding the due date for payment or, in the case of 
a payment of principal or due otherwise than on a Periodic Distribution Date, if later, on the 
Payment Business Day on which the relevant Certificate of Registration is surrendered at the 
Specified Office of an Agent. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, Certificateholders will not be entitled to any payment for any delay after the due 
date in receiving the amount due if the due date is not a Payment Business Day, if the 
Certificateholder is late in surrendering its Certificate of Registration (if required to do so) or if a 
cheque mailed in accordance with this Condition 9 arrives after the due date for payment. 
If the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amount which is due on the 
Trust Certificates is not paid in full, the Registrar will annotate the relevant Register with a record 
of the amount of any Dissolution Amount or Periodic Distribution Amounts in fact paid. 
10
AGENTS 
10.1
Agents of Trustee
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Trust Certificates, the Agents 
act solely as agents of the Trustee and the IsDB and do not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Certificateholders. 
10.2
Specified Offices
The names of the initial Agents and their Specified Offices at the date of the Base Prospectus are 
set out at the end of the Base Prospectus. Each of the Trustee and the IsDB reserves the right at any 
time to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and to appoint additional or other Agents 
provided, however, that: 
(a)
it will at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent; 
(b)
it will at all times maintain a Registrar; 
(c)
if and for so long as any Trust Certificates are admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation on any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system, it will 
at all times maintain a Principal Paying Agent and/or Transfer Agent and/or 
Replacement Agent having its Specified Office in any place required by such competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system;

--- Page 91 ---
69
(d)
it will at all times maintain a Replacement Agent; and 
(e)
it will at all times maintain a Calculation Agent. 
Notice of any termination or appointment and of any changes in Specified Offices will be given to 
the Certificateholders promptly by the Trustee in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). 
11
CAPITAL DISTRIBUTIONS OF TRUST 
11.1
Scheduled Dissolution
Unless the Trust Certificates are redeemed earlier, each Series of Trust Certificates will be dissolved 
on the relevant Maturity Date at its Final Dissolution Amount together with, for the avoidance of 
doubt, any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. Upon payment in full of such 
amounts and the termination of the relevant Trust, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent 
interests in the Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the 
Trustee shall have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
11.2
Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons
The Trust in respect of a Series of Trust Certificates may be dissolved at the option of the Trustee 
(with the prior written consent of the IsDB) in whole, but not in part: 
(a)
at any time (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Amount Provisions are not specified 
in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
as being applicable); or 
(b)
on any Periodic Distribution Date (if the Floating Periodic Distribution Amount 
Provisions are specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing 
Supplement, as the case may be, as being applicable), 
(c)
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Certificateholders (which 
notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Dissolution Amount (Tax), together with 
Periodic Distribution Amounts accrued but unpaid (if any) to, but excluding, the relevant 
Dissolution Date, if: 
(i)
the Trustee has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or 
amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction or any change 
in the application or official interpretation of such laws or regulations (including 
a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction or, by any authority in or of a 
Relevant Jurisdiction having a power tax), which change or amendment 
becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of such Series; 
and 
(ii)
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Trustee taking reasonable measures 
available to it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of dissolution shall be given unless the Trustee has 
received the relevant notice from the IsDB under the Sale Undertaking Deed and no such notice 
of dissolution shall be given earlier than:

--- Page 92 ---
70
(d)
where the relevant Series of Trust Certificates may be dissolved at any time, 90 days 
prior to the earliest date on which the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional 
amounts if a payment in respect of the Trust Certificates were then due; or 
where the relevant Series of Trust Certificates may be dissolved only on a Periodic Distribution 
Date, 60 days prior to the Periodic Distribution Date occurring immediately before the earliest 
date on which the Trustee would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment in 
respect of the Trust Certificates were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of dissolution pursuant to this paragraph, the Trustee shall 
deliver to the Delegate and the Principal Paying Agent: (a) a certificate signed by two directors of 
the Trustee, which shall be binding on the Certificateholders, stating that the Trustee is entitled to 
effect such dissolution and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
in (A) and (B) above to the right of the Trustee so to dissolve have occurred; and (b) an opinion of 
independent legal advisors of recognised standing to the effect that the Trustee has or will become 
obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry 
of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 11.2, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the 
Trust Certificates in accordance with this Condition 11.2. Upon such dissolution as aforesaid and 
the termination of the relevant Trust, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the 
Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have 
no further obligations in respect thereof. 
11.3
Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee
If the Optional Dissolution (Call) option is specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, as being applicable, the relevant Trust in respect of such 
Series of Trust Certificates may be dissolved at the option of the Trustee (with the prior written 
consent of the IsDB) in whole but not in part on any Optional Dissolution Date (Call) at the relevant 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) on the Trustee giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' 
notice to the Certificateholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Trustee to 
dissolve all of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series on the relevant Optional Dissolution Date 
(Call) at the Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) plus Periodic Distribution Amounts (if any) to 
such date). Upon payment in full of such amounts accrued but unpaid and the termination of the 
relevant Trust, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the Trust Assets and no 
further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall have no further obligations 
in respect thereof. 
11.4
No Other Optional Early Dissolution
The Trustee shall not be entitled to redeem any Series of Trust Certificates and the Trustee shall 
not be entitled to dissolve the Trust created in respect of such Series at its option otherwise than as 
provided in Conditions 11.1 (Scheduled Dissolution), 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons) and 
11.3 (Dissolution at the Option of the Trustee) above. 
11.5
Cancellation
All Trust Certificates which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled and accordingly may not be 
held, reissued or resold. All Trust Certificates purchased by or on behalf of the IsDB or any of 
Subsidiary of IsDB may be surrendered for cancellation by surrendering the registered Trust 
Certificate representing such Trust Certificates to the Registrar and by the IsDB delivering to the 
Trustee a duly completed Cancellation Notice in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed. Any 
Trust Certificates so surrendered shall be cancelled forthwith and may not be held, reissued or 
resold and the obligations of the Trustee in respect of any such Trust Certificates shall be

--- Page 93 ---
71
discharged. If all (and not some only) of the Trust Certificates are cancelled in accordance with this 
Condition 11.5, the Trustee shall be bound to dissolve the Trust. 
12
TAXATION 
All payments in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be made without withholding or deduction 
for, or on account of, any Taxes, unless the withholding or deduction of the Taxes is required by 
law. In such event, the Trustee will pay to the Certificateholders additional amounts so that the full 
amount which otherwise would have been due and payable under the Trust Certificates is received 
by parties entitled thereto, except that no such additional amount shall be payable to any 
Certificateholder: 
(a)
who is liable for such Taxes in respect of such Trust Certificate by reason of having 
some connection with any Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such 
Trust Certificate; or 
(b)
where (in the case of principal or Periodic Distribution Amounts on dissolution) the 
relevant Certificate of Registration is surrendered for payment more than 30 days after 
the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant Certificateholder would have 
been entitled to such additional amount if it had surrendered the relevant Certificate of 
Registration on the last day of such period of 30 days. 
In these Conditions, references to Final Dissolution Amount, Early Dissolution Amount (Tax), 
Optional Dissolution Amount (Call) and Periodic Distribution Amount shall be deemed to include 
any additional amounts payable under this Condition 12. 
13
PRESCRIPTION 
The rights to receive distributions in respect of the Trust Certificates will be forfeited unless 
presented for payment within periods of 10 years (in the case of Final Dissolution Amounts) and 
five years (in the case of Periodic Distribution Amounts) from the Relevant Date in respect thereof. 
14
DISSOLUTION EVENTS 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing (each, a Dissolution Event): 
(a)
default is made in the payment of any Dissolution Amount in respect of the relevant 
Series of Trust Certificates on the date fixed for payment thereof, or default is made in 
the payment of any Periodic Distribution Amount in respect of any Trust Certificate on 
the due date for payment thereof, and in the case of any Periodic Distribution Amount 
only, such default continues for a period of seven days; or 
(b)
the Trustee fails duly to perform or comply with any of the obligations expressed to be 
assumed by it in the Programme Documents or Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party and such failure or breach remains unremedied for 30 days after the Delegate has 
given written notice thereof to the Trustee;  
(c)
an IsDB Event occurs under the Wakala Agreement; or 
(d)
the Trustee fails to exercise the rights that it has under the Additional Portfolio Assets 
Sale Undertaking or fails to enter into any relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Sale 
Agreement in the event that a Servicing Report in respect of the Portfolio of the relevant 
Series identifies the Tangibility of the relevant Portfolio as being less than 51 per cent. 
or identifies a Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall in respect of that Portfolio and such

--- Page 94 ---
72
rights are capable of being exercised and such exercise is not restricted as a result of 
non-availability of any Additional Portfolio Assets on the IsDB's balance sheet; or 
(e)
the Trustee repudiates any Programme Document to which it is a party, any 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement or 
any Supplemental Trust Deed or does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing 
an intention to repudiate any Programme Document to which it is a party, any 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement or 
any Supplemental Trust Deed; or 
(f)
at any time it is or will become unlawful for the Trustee (by way of insolvency or 
otherwise) to perform or comply with any of its obligations under the Programme 
Documents, any Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any Additional Portfolio Assets 
Sale Agreement or any Supplemental Trust Deed or any of the obligations of the Trustee 
under the Programme Documents, any Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement or any Supplemental Trust Deed are not or 
cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable, 
then the Delegate at its discretion may, and if so requested in writing by the Certificateholders 
representing not less than one-fifth in principal amount of the Trust Certificates of the relevant 
Series for the time being outstanding, and subject to the provisions of Condition 15.2 
(Enforcement by the Delegate) shall, by written notice addressed to the Trustee and the IsDB 
and delivered to the Trustee and the IsDB or to the Specified Office of the Principal Paying 
Agent, declare the Trust in respect of the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series to be dissolved 
and the relevant Trust Certificates immediately due and payable, whereupon they shall become 
immediately due and payable at their Dissolution Amount together with accrued Periodic 
Distribution Amounts (if any). Notice of any such declaration shall promptly be given to the 
Certificateholders of the relevant Series in accordance with Condition 17 (Notices). Upon 
payment in full of such amounts, the Trust Certificates shall cease to represent interests in the 
Trust Assets and no further amounts shall be payable in respect thereof and the Trustee shall 
have no further obligations in respect thereof. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as 
the case may be, the Return Accumulation Period during which a Dissolution Event occurs will be 
adjusted to represent the period from and including the immediately preceding Periodic Distribution 
Date (or the Issue Date, as the case may be) to but excluding the Dissolution Date (or, if later, the 
date on which the applicable Periodic Distribution Amount is actually paid), and the corresponding 
Periodic Distribution Amount shall be adjusted accordingly and paid on such Dissolution Date (or, 
if later, the date on which the applicable Periodic Distribution Amount is actually paid). 
For the purpose of (a) above, amounts shall be considered due in respect of the Trust Certificates 
(including for the avoidance of doubt any amounts calculated as being payable under Condition 7 
(Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount Provisions), Condition 8 (Floating Periodic Distribution 
Amount Provisions) and Condition 11 (Capital Distributions of Trust)) notwithstanding that the 
Trustee has at the relevant time insufficient funds or Trust Assets to pay such amounts. 
The Trustee and/or the IsDB shall notify the Delegate promptly following the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event.

--- Page 95 ---
73
15
ENFORCEMENT AND EXERCISE OF RIGHTS 
15.1
Enforcement
The Delegate may at any time, at its discretion and without notice, take such proceedings and/or 
other steps as it may think fit against or in relation to each of the Trustee and/or the IsDB to enforce 
their respective obligations under the Guarantee, the Master Trust Deed, the applicable 
Supplemental Trust Deed, the Conditions and the relevant Trust Certificates or any other 
Programme Document or Transaction Document. 
Following the enforcement, realisation and ultimate distribution of the net proceeds of the relevant 
Trust Assets in respect of the Trust Certificates to the Certificateholders in accordance with these 
Conditions and the Trust Deed, the Trustee shall not be liable for any further sums and, accordingly, 
Certificateholders may not take any action against the Trustee or any other person (including the 
IsDB) to recover any such sum in respect of the Trust Certificates or the relevant Trust Assets. 
15.2
Enforcement by the Delegate
The Delegate shall not be bound to take any action to enforce or to realise the Trust Assets or take 
any proceedings or any other steps against the Trustee and/or the IsDB under any Programme 
Documents or Transaction Documents to which the Trustee or the IsDB is a party unless requested 
to do so (a) by an Extraordinary Resolution or (b) in writing by the Certificateholders holding at 
least one-fifth in principal amount of the Trust Certificates then outstanding and in either case then 
only if it shall be indemnified, pre-funded and/or secured to its satisfaction against all liabilities to 
which it may render itself liable or which it may incur by so doing. 
In addition, the Delegate shall not be bound to provide any instructions to the Trustee to take any 
action pursuant to Condition 15.1 (Enforcement) unless it has express notice of the occurrence of a 
Dissolution Event. 
15.3
Direct enforcement by Certificateholders
No Certificateholder shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Trustee or the IsDB unless the 
Delegate, having become bound so to proceed, (a) fails to do so within a reasonable period, or (b) 
is unable for any reason so to do, and such failure or inability is continuing. Under no circumstances 
shall the Delegate or any Certificateholder have any right to cause the sale or other disposition of 
any of the relevant Trust Assets and the sole right of the Delegate and the Certificateholders against 
the Trustee and the IsDB shall be to enforce their respective obligations under the Programme 
Documents and Transaction Documents. 
The foregoing paragraphs in this Condition 15 are subject to this paragraph. After enforcing or 
realising the relevant Trust Assets and distributing the net proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets in 
accordance with Condition 5.2 (Application of Trust Assets prior to Dissolution) and, as the case 
may be, Condition 5.3 (Application of Trust Assets on the Dissolution Date), the obligations of the 
Trustee in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be satisfied and no Certificateholder may take any 
further steps against the Trustee to recover any further sums in respect of the Trust Certificates and 
the right to receive any such sums unpaid shall be extinguished. In particular, no Certificateholder 
shall be entitled in respect thereof to petition or to take any other steps for the winding-up of the 
Trustee. 
15.4
Limited recourse
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein or in any other Programme Document 
or Transaction Document, no payment of any amount whatsoever shall be made in respect of the

--- Page 96 ---
74
Trust Certificates by the Trustee or the Trust or any agents thereof except to the extent that funds 
are available therefor from the Trust Assets of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates. 
Certificateholders by subscribing for or acquiring the Trust Certificates acknowledge that no 
recourse may be had for the payment of any amount owing in respect of the Trust Certificates 
against the Trustee or the Trust to the extent the Trust Assets have been exhausted. 
In addition, no Certificateholder will be able to petition for, or join any other person in instituting 
proceedings for, the reorganisation, liquidation, désastre, winding up or receivership of the Trustee, 
the Trust, the Delegate or any of their affiliates as a consequence of such shortfall or otherwise. 
The Trust Certificates do not represent an interest in or obligation of any of the Trustee, the 
Delegate, the Agents or any of their affiliates. The proceeds of the relevant Trust Assets are the sole 
source of payment on the Trust Certificates of such Series and the net proceed of the realisation of, 
or enforcement with respect to the relevant Trust Certificates may not be sufficient to make all 
payments due in respect of the Trust Certificates. Certificateholders will have no recourse to any 
assets of the Trustee (other than Trust Assets of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates), the IsDB, 
to the extent it fulfils its obligations under the Programme Documents and Transaction Documents 
to which it is a party, the Delegate or the Agents or any of their affiliates in respect of any shortfall 
in the expected amounts from the relevant Trust Assets to the extent the relevant Trust Assets have 
been enforced, realised and fully discharged following which all the obligations of the Trustee shall 
be extinguished. The Delegate will, as delegate to the Trustee for the Certificateholders, have direct 
recourse against the IsDB to recover payments due to the Trustee from the IsDB pursuant to such 
Transaction Document. 
16
REPLACEMENT OF CERTIFICATES OF REGISTRATION 
Should any Certificate of Registration be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed it may be 
replaced at the Specified Office of the Transfer Agent upon payment by the claimant of the expenses 
incurred in connection with the replacement and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the 
Trustee may reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Certificates of Registration must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
17
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Trust Certificates will be deemed to be validly given if mailed to the 
Certificateholders at their respective addresses on the Register and, if the Trust Certificates are 
admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the London Stock Exchange, if published in a 
leading English language daily newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the 
Financial Times) or if the Trust Certificates are admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Euronext Dublin (or any other Stock Exchange (and when the rules of such Stock Exchange so 
require)), if published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in the 
Republic of Ireland (which is expected to be the Irish Times) or published on the website of 
Euronext Dublin (https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) or in either case, if such 
publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily newspaper having general 
circulation in Europe (or published in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the jurisdiction of 
such Stock Exchange in the case of Trust Certificates admitted to trading on any other Stock 
Exchange). The Principal Paying Agent (acting on behalf of the Trustee) shall also ensure that 
notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any competent authority, 
stock exchange and/or quotation system on which any Trust Certificates are from time to time 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation.

--- Page 97 ---
75
Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the seventh day after being so mailed or, if 
required to be published, on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in 
more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers. 
Notices to be given by any Certificateholders shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, 
together with the relevant Certificate of Registration or Certificates of Registration, with the 
Registrar. 
18
MEETINGS 
OF 
CERTIFICATEHOLDERS, 
MODIFICATION, 
WAIVER, 
AUTHORISATION AND DETERMINATION AND REPLACEMENT OF DELEGATE 
No Certificateholder may directly provide instructions to the Trustee. 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for the Delegate and/or the IsDB to convene meetings 
of Certificateholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including the modification or 
abrogation by Extraordinary Resolution of any of these Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Master Trust Deed, any other Programme Document, any Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement, any Supplemental Wakala Agreement or any 
Supplemental Trust Deed. The quorum at any meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will 
be one or more Certificateholders, proxies or representatives holding or representing in the 
aggregate not less than one-fifth of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of the 
Trust Certificates for the time being outstanding, or at any adjourned such meeting one or more 
Certificateholders, proxies or representatives present whatever the principal amount of the Trust 
Certificates held or represented by them. To be passed, an Extraordinary Resolution requires a 
majority in favour consisting of not less than two-thirds of the persons voting on a show of hands 
or, if a poll is duly demanded, a majority of not less than two-thirds of the votes cast on such poll 
and, if duly passed, will be binding on all holders of the relevant Series of the Trust Certificates, 
whether or not they are present at the meeting and whether or not voting. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of not less than 90 per cent. of 
Certificateholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of 
Certificateholders will take effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in 
writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more Certificateholders. 
The Delegate may from time to time and at any time without any consent or sanction of the 
Certificateholders agree and require the Trustee to agree to any modification to these Conditions, 
the Master Trust Deed, any other Programme Document or any Transaction Document if in its 
opinion such modification: (i) is of a formal, minor or technical nature; (ii) is made to correct a 
manifest or proven (to the satisfaction to the Delegate) error; or (iii) is  not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Certificateholders. In addition, the Delegate may from time to time and at any 
time without any consent or sanction of the Certificateholders: (i) agree to the waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of these Conditions, any provisions of the 
Master Trust Deed, any Programme Document or any Transaction Document; or (ii) determine that 
any Dissolution Event shall not be treated as such, which is not, in each case, in the opinion of the 
Delegate, materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders. The Delegate shall be 
entitled to assume, for the purposes of exercising any power, trust, authority, duty or discretion 
under or in relation to the Trust Certificates, that such exercise will not be materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Certificateholders of the relevant Series if each Rating Agency that has assigned 
a rating to such Series has confirmed in writing (whether or not addressed to the Delegate) that its 
rating would not be adversely affected by such exercise. 
In addition, the Delegate shall be obliged to concur with the Trustee and the IsDB in using its 
reasonable endeavours to effect any Benchmark Amendments in the circumstances and as otherwise

--- Page 98 ---
76
set out in Condition 8.11(e) (Benchmark Replacement), without the consent or approval of the 
Certificateholders. 
In connection with the exercise by it of any of the powers, trusts, authorities and discretions vested 
in it by the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Certificates, the Conditions, the other Programme 
Documents or any Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, any modification, waiver, 
authorisation or determination), the Delegate shall have regard to the general interests of the 
Certificateholders as a class (but shall not have regard to any interests arising from circumstances 
particular to individual Certificateholders (whatever their number) and, in particular but without 
limitation, shall not have regard to the consequences of any such exercise for individual 
Certificateholders (whatever their number) resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or 
resident in, or otherwise connected with, or subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory or 
any political sub-division thereof) and neither the Trustee nor the Delegate shall be entitled to 
require, nor shall any Certificateholder be entitled to claim from the Trustee, the Delegate or any 
other person, any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax consequence of any such 
exercise upon individual Certificateholders except to the extent provided in Condition 12 
(Taxation). 
Any modification, abrogation, waiver, authorisation or determination shall be binding on all the 
Certificateholders and, unless the Delegate otherwise decides, the Delegate shall be required to 
notify the Certificateholders of any modification as soon as practicable thereafter in accordance 
with Condition 17 (Notices). 
The Master Trust Deed also contains provisions regarding: (i) the removal of the Delegate in respect 
of a Series of Trust Certificates pursuant to an Extraordinary Resolution of Certificateholders of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates; and (ii) the retirement of the Delegate upon not less than three 
months' notice in writing to the IsDB and the Certificateholders of each Series of Trust Certificates 
then outstanding, provided that no such removal or retirement may become effective until a 
successor Delegate is appointed. 
19
PURCHASES OF CERTIFICATES 
The IsDB and/or any Subsidiary of the IsDB may at any time purchase Trust Certificates at any 
price in the open market or otherwise. Any Trust Certificates held by the IsDB or any Subsidiary 
of IsDB shall not entitle the holder to exercise any voting rights and shall not be deemed to be 
outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums, meetings or for passing Extraordinary 
Resolutions for the purposes of Condition 18 (Meetings of Certificateholders, Modification, 
Waiver, Authorisation and Determination and Replacement of Delegate). 
20
INDEMNIFICATION AND LIABILITY OF THE TRUSTEE AND THE DELEGATE 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions for the indemnification of each of the Trustee and the 
Delegate in certain circumstances and for its relief from responsibility, including provisions 
relieving it from taking action unless indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction. 
The Master Trust Deed contains provisions pursuant to which no director or officer of the Delegate 
or of any holding, affiliated or associated company of the Delegate shall be precluded from 
subscribing any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme, with or without a commission or 
other remuneration, or from purchasing or otherwise acquiring, holding, dealing in or disposing of 
any notes, bonds, debentures, shares or securities whatsoever or from being interested in any 
contract or transaction or from accepting and holding the office of trustee or administrator for the 
holders of any other securities, and in any such case neither the Delegate nor any director or officer 
of the Delegate shall be liable to the Certificateholders for any profit made by it or him thereby or 
in connection therewith.

--- Page 99 ---
77
21
CURRENCY INDEMNITY 
All payments made in respect of the Trust Certificates shall be made in the Specified Currency 
irrespective of the currency of the Trust Assets. Certificateholders shall accordingly be indemnified 
from the Trust Assets against: 
(a)
any Liability incurred by any of them arising from the non-payment in respect of the 
Trust Certificates or of any other amount due to the Certificateholders under these 
Conditions by reason of any variation in the rates of exchange between those used for 
the purposes of calculating the amount due under a judgment or order in respect thereof 
and those prevailing at the date of actual payment; and 
(b)
any deficiency arising or resulting from any variation in rates of exchange between: (i) 
the date as of which the local currency equivalent of the amounts due or contingently 
due under the Conditions is calculated for the purposes of any bankruptcy, insolvency 
or liquidation of the Trust, the Trustee or the IsDB; and (ii) the final date for ascertaining 
the amount of claims in such bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation. The amount of such 
deficiency shall be deemed not to be reduced by any variation in rates of exchange 
occurring between the said final date and the date of any distribution of assets in 
connection with any such bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation. 
The above indemnities apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by the Delegate or the 
Certificateholders from time to time and shall continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the 
judgment or filing of any proof or proofs in any bankruptcy, insolvency or liquidation of the Trust, 
the Trustee or the IsDB for a liquidated sum or sums in respect of amounts due under the Conditions. 
Any such deficiency as aforesaid shall be deemed to constitute a loss suffered by the 
Certificateholders and no proof or evidence of any actual loss shall be required by the Trustee or 
the liquidator or liquidators of the Trust. 
22
FURTHER ISSUES 
In respect of any Series, the Trustee may from time to time create and issue further Trust Certificates 
having the same terms and conditions as the outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series or terms 
and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the date and amount of the first payment 
of the Periodic Distribution Amount and the date from which Periodic Distribution Amounts start 
to accrue and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single Series with the 
outstanding Trust Certificates of such Series. Any further Trust Certificates which are to form a 
single Series with the outstanding Trust Certificates previously constituted by the Trust Deed shall 
be constituted by a deed supplemental to the Trust Deed. The Certificateholders shall be deemed to 
have agreed that the Trustee may create and issue such further Trust Certificates without requiring 
any further consent from the Certificateholders. References in these Conditions to the Trust 
Certificates include (unless the context requires otherwise) any other Trust Certificates issued 
pursuant to this Condition 22 and forming a single Series with the Trust Certificates. 
23
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No rights are conferred on any person under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999 to 
enforce any term of these Conditions, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person 
which exists or is available apart from that Act.

--- Page 100 ---
78
24
GOVERNING LAW AND DISPUTE RESOLUTION 
24.1
Governing Law 
Each of the Master Trust Deed, the Trust Certificates, the Guarantee, the Agency Agreement, the 
Purchase Undertaking Deed, the other Programme Documents (other than the Corporate Services 
Agreement and Management and Administration Agreement), each Supplemental Purchase 
Agreement, each Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement, each Supplemental Trust Deed, each 
Supplemental Wakala Agreement, each IsDB Purchase Agreement and each Guarantor Certificate, 
and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with any of them (other than the 
Corporate Services Agreement and Management and Administration Agreement) is governed by, 
and shall be construed in accordance with, English law. 
24.2
Agreement to arbitrate 
Subject to Condition 24.3 (Option to litigate), any dispute, claim, difference or controversy arising 
out of, relating to or having any connection with the Trust Deed, the Certificates and these 
Conditions (including any dispute as to the existence, validity, interpretation, performance, breach 
or termination of Trust Deed, the Certificates and these Conditions or the consequences of the 
nullity of any of them or any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them) (a Dispute) shall be referred to and finally resolved by arbitration under the 
London Court of International Arbitration (LCIA) Arbitration Rules (the Rules), which Rules (as 
amended from time to time) are incorporated by reference into this Condition 24. For these 
purposes: 
(a)
the place of arbitration shall be London; 
(b)
there shall be three arbitrators, each of whom shall be disinterested in the arbitration, 
shall have no connection with any party thereto and shall be an attorney experienced in 
international securities transactions. The parties to the Dispute shall each nominate one 
arbitrator in the Request for Arbitration or Response (each as defined in the Rules) (as 
the case may be) and both arbitrators in turn shall appoint a further arbitrator who shall 
be the chairman of the tribunal. In cases where there are multiple claimants and/or 
multiple respondents, the class of claimants jointly, and the class of respondents jointly 
shall each nominate one arbitrator. If one party or both fails to nominate an arbitrator in 
accordance with this Condition, such arbitrator(s) shall be appointed by the LCIA. If the 
party nominated arbitrators fail to nominate the third arbitrator within 15 days of the 
appointment of the second arbitrator, such arbitrator shall be appointed by the LCIA; 
and 
(c)
the language of the arbitration shall be English. 
24.3
Option to litigate 
Notwithstanding Condition 24.2 (Agreement to arbitrate) above, the Delegate (or, but only where 
permitted to take action in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed and these Conditions, any 
Certificateholder) may, in the alternative, and at its sole discretion, by notice in writing to the 
Trustee and IsDB: 
(a)
within 28 days of service of a Request for Arbitration; or 
(b)
in the event no arbitration is commenced,

--- Page 101 ---
79
require that a Dispute be heard by a court of law. If the Delegate or, as the case may be, a 
Certificateholder, gives such notice, the Dispute to which such notice refers shall be determined 
in accordance with Condition 24.4 (Effect of exercise of option to litigate) and, subject as 
provided below, any arbitration commenced under Condition 24.2 (Agreement to arbitrate) in 
respect of that Dispute will be terminated. With the exception of the Delegate (whose costs will 
be borne by the IsDB), each of the parties to the terminated arbitration will bear its own costs in 
relation thereto. 
If any notice to terminate is given after service of any Request for Arbitration in respect of any 
Dispute, the Delegate or, as the case may be, a Certificateholder, must also promptly give notice to 
the LCIA and to any Tribunal (as defined in the Rules) already appointed in relation to the Dispute 
that such Dispute will be settled by the courts. Upon receipt of such notice by the LCIA, the 
arbitration and any appointment of any arbitrator in relation to such Dispute will immediately 
terminate. Any such arbitrator will be deemed to be functus officio. The termination is without 
prejudice to: 
(a)
the validity of any act done or order made by that arbitrator or by the court in support of 
that arbitration before his appointment is terminated; 
(b)
the arbitrator's entitlement to be paid his proper fees and disbursements; and 
(c)
the date when any claim or defence was raised for the purpose of applying any limitation 
bar or any similar rule or provision. 
24.4
Effect of exercise of option to litigate 
In the event that a notice pursuant to Condition 24.3 (Option to litigate) is issued, the following 
provisions shall apply: 
(a)
subject to paragraph (c) below, the courts of England at the option of the Delegate or, 
as the case may be, at the option of the Certificateholders shall have exclusive 
jurisdiction to settle any Dispute and each of the Trustee and the IsDB submits to the 
exclusive jurisdiction of such courts; 
(b)
each of the Trustee and the IsDB agrees that the courts of England are the most 
appropriate and convenient courts to settle and Dispute and, accordingly, that it will not 
argue to the contrary; and 
(c)
this Condition 24.4 is for the benefit of the Delegate and Certificateholders only. As a 
result, and notwithstanding paragraph (a) above, the Delegate and any Certificateholder 
(where permitted to do so) may take proceedings relating to a Dispute (Proceedings) in 
any other courts with jurisdiction. To the extent allowed by law, the Delegate and the 
Certificateholders may take concurrent Proceedings in any number of jurisdictions. 
24.5
Process agent 
Each of the Trustee and the IsDB has in the Master Trust Deed appointed Intertrust Corporate 
Services (UK) Limited at its registered office 35 Great St. Helen’s, London, EC3A 6AP, United 
Kingdom as its agent for service of process and has undertaken that, in the event of Intertrust 
Corporate Services (UK) Limited ceasing so to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it will 
appoint another person approved by the IsDB and/or the Delegate, as the case may be, as its agent 
for service of process in respect of any Proceedings and Disputes. Nothing herein shall affect the 
right to serve proceedings in any manner permitted by law.

--- Page 102 ---
80
24.6
Waiver of immunity
The IsDB has, in each of the Programme Documents to which it is a party, represented and 
warranted that it has entered into such Agreement/Deed and the other Programme Documents to 
which it is a party in connection with the exercise of its powers to raise money and, accordingly, 
that it is not entitled to claim for itself or any of its assets immunity from legal process in actions 
taken in relation to such Agreement/Deed or any other Programme Documents and brought against 
it in a court of competent jurisdiction by the Trustee and/or the Delegate irrespective of the identity 
of the holders of beneficial interests in the Trust Certificates provided, however, that, in respect of 
any action brought in a Member Country of the IsDB, no form of service, attachment or execution 
may be exercised against the property and assets of the IsDB before delivery of final judgment 
against the IsDB. 
24.7
Waiver of interest 
The parties to each of the Programme Documents have acknowledged and agreed that, 
notwithstanding any other provisions of such Programme Document, the principle of payment of 
interest is repugnant to the principles of Shari’a and to the extent that any law or provision would 
impose (whether by contract or statute) an obligation to pay interest to the other party in relation to 
such Programme Document or the Transaction Documents, the parties expressly waive and reject 
the entitlement to recover interest from the other party. 
24.8
Shari'a Compliance 
In each of the Programme Documents to which it is a party, each of IDB Trust Services Limited, 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL and The Islamic Development Bank has agreed that it has accepted 
the Shari'a compliant nature of these Conditions, the Programme Documents and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party and, to the extent permitted by law, has further agreed that: 
(a)
it shall not claim that any of its obligations under these Conditions, the Programme 
Documents and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or any provision thereof) 
is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a; 
(b)
it shall not take any steps or bring any proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a 
compliance of these Conditions, the Programme Documents and the Transaction 
Documents to which it is a party; and 
(c) 
none of its obligations under these Conditions, the Programme Documents and the 
Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any way be diminished, abrogated, 
impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, declaration, 
pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that these 
Conditions, the Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to which it is a 
party are not compliant with the principles of Shari'a.

--- Page 103 ---
81
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the 
conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Trust Certificates is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for 
distribution of the Trust Certificates to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Trust Certificates (a distributor) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject 
to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust 
Certificates (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Trust Certificates is only eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook 
Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK 
MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Trust Certificates to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Trust Certificates (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Trust Certificates (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Trust Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive (EU) 2014/65 (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Trust Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Trust Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared

--- Page 104 ---
82
and therefore offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and pursuant to the CMP 
Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Trust Certificates are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures 
(Capital 
Markets 
Products) 
Regulations 
2018) 
and 
["Excluded 
Investment 
Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[Date] 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [213800VKLEPJ95I3W549 / 222100S88XMYHA1E3547]
Issue of [currency][amount] Trust Certificates due [year] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing [currency][amount] Trust 
Certificates due [year] issued on [date]] 
with, inter alia, the benefit of a Guarantee (in respect of the payment obligations arising under the 
Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates) provided by 
THE ISLAMIC DEVELOPMENT BANK
under the 
U.S.$25,000,000,000
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme
[The Base Prospectus referred to below (as completed by these Final Terms) has been prepared on the 
basis that any offer of Trust Certificates in any Member State of the European Economic Area will be 
made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation (Regulation (EU) 2017/1129) from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of the Trust Certificates. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in a Member State of the Trust Certificates may only do so in circumstances 
in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 
of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer, the IsDB nor any Dealer has 
authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Trust Certificates in any other 
circumstances.] 
Part A - Contractual Terms 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions 
(the Conditions) set forth in the base prospectus dated 19 April 2022 [and the supplemental base 
prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the Base Prospectus) for the 
purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Trust 
Certificates described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus.  
Full information on the Issuer, the IsDB and the offer of the Trust Certificates described herein is only 
available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base 
Prospectus 
is 
available 
for 
viewing 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
at

--- Page 105 ---
83
https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin and during normal business hours at the specified office 
of the Principal Paying Agent set out in the Base Prospectus.] 
1
(i) Issuer, Trustee: 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services 
No.2 SARL] 
(ii) Issuer, Trustee LEI: 
[213800VKLEPJ95I3W549 
/ 
222100S88XMYHA1E3547] 
(iii)Guarantor (in respect of payment 
obligations under the Portfolio): 
The Islamic Development Bank (the IsDB) 
2
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(i) Tranche Number: 
[ ] 
(ii) Date on which the Trust Certificates 
will be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Trust Certificates will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] (the 
Original Trust Certificates) on [insert date/the 
Issue Date]] [Not Applicable] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i) Series: 
[ ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[ ] 
5
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6
(i) Specified Denominations: (this 
means the minimum integral 
amount in which Transfer can be 
made). 
[ ] and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
7
(i) Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(ii) Return Accrual Commencement 
Date: 
[The Issue Date][ ] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
(Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Trust Certificates where the Periodic Distribution 
Dates and the amount of profit to be paid on such 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Dates 
are 
subject 
to 
modification in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, it will be necessary to use the following 
wording:

--- Page 106 ---
84
"Periodic Distribution Date falling in or nearest 
to[specify month]") 
9
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[ ] per cent.][per annum] Fixed Periodic 
Distribution Amount] 
[[ ] +/-[ ] per cent. per annum Floating Periodic 
Distribution Amount] 
[Screen Rate Determination] (further particulars 
specified below) 
10
Dissolution Basis: 
[Dissolution at par] [ ] 
11
Change of Periodic Distribution Amount 
or Dissolution Basis: 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
12
(i) Call Options: 
[Not Applicable/Optional Dissolution Call] [(further 
particulars specified below)] 
(ii) Date Board approval for issuance 
of Trust Certificates obtained: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
13
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION AMOUNTS (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) [Fixed Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(ii) Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[ ] in each year[, starting on [ ] up to and including the 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with [ ]] 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Trust Certificates 
where the Periodic Distribution Dates and the amount of 
profit to be paid on such Periodic Distribution Dates are 
subject to modification, specify a Business Day 
Convention in paragraph 14(vii) below (which is 
expected to be the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention) and add the words", subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. For these 
purposes, Business Day means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong and [location]" in this subparagraph (ii)) 
(iii)Rate[(s)]: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(iv) Return Accumulation Period: 
[Condition 7.5 (Return Accumulation Period) applies] [ ]

--- Page 107 ---
85
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Period 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)]
(Applicable 
for 
Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Trust Certificates) 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
15
Floating 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amount Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Specified Periodic 
Distribution Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) Specified Period: 
[ ][Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) Effective Periodic 
Distribution Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Periodic Distribution Date, provided that the Effective 
Periodic Distribution Date with respect to the last Return 
Accumulation Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Trust Certificates before the 
Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption (include for 
Payment Delay only)]1 /[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination (Condition 8.3 (Screen Rate 
Determination) applies)]  
1 Effective Periodic Distribution Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Periodic Distribution Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 108 ---
86
(vi) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) and/or 
Periodic Distribution 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[[EURIBOR] calculated in accordance with Condition 
8.3 (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Trust 
Certificates not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR)] / 
[[€STR/SONIA/SOFR] calculated in accordance with 
Condition 8.4 (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Trust Certificates referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR)] 

Periodic Distribution 
Determination Dates(s): 
[ ]/[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Return Accumulation Period]/[First day of each 
Return Accumulation Period]/[The [first/second/third/[]] 
Business Day immediately preceding the Periodic 
Distribution Date for each Return Accumulation Period 
(or immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which 
the 
Trust 
Certificates 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Periodic Distribution 
Date at the end of each Return Accumulation Period; 
provided that the Periodic Distribution Determination 
Date with respect to the last Return Accumulation Period 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption 
will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording for 
Payment Delay only]]2

Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 

Relevant Time: 
[ ] 

Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[ ] 

Reference Banks: 
[ ] 

Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily] / [Weighted Average] / [Not 
Applicable] 

Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] / [Payment Delay] 
/ [SOFR Index] / [Not Applicable] 
2 To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR.

--- Page 109 ---
87

Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[]/ [SOFR Index] / [Not Applicable]3

D: 
[365]/[360]/[]/[Not Applicable] 

Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used 
for Payment Delay only]4/[Not Applicable] 
(viii)Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] 
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
16
Optional Dissolution (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Call) 
[Final Dissolution Amount/[ ] per Calculation Amount] 

Optional Dissolution Date
(Call) 
[Any Periodic Distribution Date] [ ] 

Notice period: 
[ ] 
17
Final Dissolution Amount 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ ] 
18
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax): 
[Final Dissolution Amount/[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
19
Dissolution Event 
As listed in sub-paragraphs (a) to [(f)] inclusive of 
Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
20
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Periodic Distribution Dates: 
[ ] 
3 The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between 
the Periodic Distribution Date and the Periodic Distribution Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" 
is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select 
"Not Applicable".
4 The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 110 ---
88
21
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
22
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
23
Form of Trust Certificates:  
Global Trust Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the NSS)] 
DISTRIBUTION
24
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
25
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
26
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
27
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
28
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE PORTFOLIO
29
Details of Transaction Account: 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 
SARL] Transaction Account No: [ ] with [ ] for Series 
No.: [ ] 
 [THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the 
IsDB confirms that such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and 
is able to ascertain from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which 
would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL]:
By: .................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Islamic Development Bank:
By:  ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 111 ---
89
Part B – Other Information 
1
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Euronext 
Dublin] 
[Nasdaq 
Dubai] 
[Taipei 
Exchange] 5
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been] [will be] made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Trust Certificates to be 
admitted to trading on [each of] the [Euronext 
Dublin’s regulated market] [and] [Nasdaq Dubai] 
[and] [Taipei Exchange] with effect from [ ].]  
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Trust Certificates to be issued [have been 
rated/are expected to be rated]: 
[S & P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager[s]/Dealers] and save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" 
of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer or the IsDB is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Trust Certificates has an interest material to the offer. The [Manager[s]/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer or the Guarantor and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.] 
4
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
Estimated total expenses related to the admission to trading: 
[ ] 
5
[YIELD] 
(Fixed 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amount 
Trust 
Certificates only) 
Indication of yield:
[ ] [per cent. per annum] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
5 Neither Nasdaq Dubai nor the Taipei Exchange are regulated markets under the Markets in Financial 
Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU) (as amended).

--- Page 112 ---
90
6
[HISTORIC RATES] 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Amount Trust 
Certificates only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].] 
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN: 
[ ] /[Until the Trust Certificates are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single series with 
the Original Trust Certificates, the Trust Certificates 
will have the temporary ISIN [ ]. After that, the Trust 
Certificates will have the same ISIN as the Original 
Trust Certificates, which is [ ]]. 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[ ] /[Until the Trust Certificates are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single series with 
the Original Trust Certificates, the Trust Certificates 
will have the temporary Common Code [ ]. After that, 
the Trust Certificates will have the same Common 
Code as the Original Trust Certificates, which is [ ]]. 
(iii)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
(iv)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v)
Names and addresses of initial paying  
agent(s): 
[ ][HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom] 
(vi)
Names and addresses of additional 
paying agent(s) (if any): 
[ ] [Not Applicable] 
(vii)
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Trust Certificates are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper, and registered in the name of a nominee 
of one of the ICSDs acting as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Trust Certificates 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem

--- Page 113 ---
91
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Trust Certificates are capable of meeting them the 
Trust Certificates may then be deposited with one of 
the ICSDs as common safekeeper, and registered in 
the name of a nominee of one of the ICSDs acting as 
common safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Trust Certificates will then 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied 
that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8 
USE AND ESTIMATED NET AMOUNT OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds shall be used by the Issuer in accordance with the section of the Base Prospectus titled 
"Use of Proceeds". The net proceeds that the IsDB receives from the Issuer will be used by the IsDB 
[for general corporate purposes]/[to finance or refinance eligible projects in accordance with its 
Sustainable Finance Framework]. 
The estimated net amount of the proceeds is [currency][amount].

--- Page 114 ---
92
FORM OF PRICING SUPPLEMENT 
EXEMPT CERTIFICATES OF ANY DENOMINATION 
[Set out below is the form of Pricing Supplement which will be completed for each Tranche of Exempt 
Certificates, whatever the denomination of those Certificates, issued under the Programme.] 
NO PROSPECTUS IS REQUIRED IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION (EU) 2017/1129 
(THE PROSPECTUS REGULATION) FOR THE ISSUE OF CERTIFICATES DESCRIBED 
BELOW AND THE EXEMPT CERTIFICATES ARE NOT COMPLIANT WITH THE 
PROSPECTUS REGULATION. THE CENTRAL BANK OF IRELAND HAS NEITHER 
APPROVED NOR REVIEWED THIS PRICING SUPPLEMENT. 
[MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE – [appropriate target market legend to be included].] 
[UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – [appropriate target market legend to be included].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Trust Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
2016/97/EU, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
Prospectus Regulation). Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Trust Certificates or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Trust Certificates are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Trust Certificates or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its 
obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 
289 of Singapore) (as modified or amended from time to time, the SFA) and pursuant to the CMP 
Regulations 2018, the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in 
Section 309A of the SFA) that the Trust Certificates are ["prescribed capital markets products"]/[capital 
markets products other than "prescribed capital markets products"] (as defined in the Securities and

--- Page 115 ---
93
Futures 
(Capital 
Markets 
Products) 
Regulations 
2018) 
and 
["Excluded 
Investment 
Products"]/["Specified Investment Products"] (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the 
Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment 
Products).] 
[Date] 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL] 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): [213800VKLEPJ95I3W549 / 222100S88XMYHA1E3547]
Issue of [currency][amount] Trust Certificates due [year] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the existing [currency][amount] Trust 
Certificates due [year] issued on [date]] 
with, inter alia, the benefit of a Guarantee (in respect of the payment obligations arising under the 
Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates) provided by 
THE ISLAMIC DEVELOPMENT BANK
under the 
U.S.$25,000,000,000
Trust Certificate Issuance Programme
PART A — CONTRACTUAL TERMS
This document constitutes the Pricing Supplement for the Trust Certificates described herein. This 
document must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 19 April 2022 [as supplemented 
by the supplement[s] dated [date[s]]] (the Base Prospectus). Full information on the Issuer [, the 
Guarantor] and the offer of the Certificates is only available on the basis of the combination of this 
Pricing Supplement and the Base Prospectus. Copies of the Base Prospectus may be obtained 
fromhttps://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin.  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the 
Conditions) set forth in the Base Prospectus. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or 
subparagraphs. Italics denote directions for completing the Pricing Supplement.]  
1
(i) Issuer, Trustee: 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services 
No.2 SARL] 
(ii) Issuer, Trustee LEI: 
[213800VKLEPJ95I3W549 
/ 
222100S88XMYHA1E3547] 
(iii)Guarantor (in respect of payment 
obligations under the Portfolio): 
The Islamic Development Bank (the IsDB) 
2
Series Number: 
[ ] 
(i) Tranche Number: 
[ ]

--- Page 116 ---
94
(ii) Date on which the Trust Certificates 
will be consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
[The Trust Certificates will be consolidated and form 
a single Series with [identify earlier Tranche(s)] (the 
Original Trust Certificates) on [insert date/the 
Issue Date]] [Not Applicable] 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[ ] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
(i) Series: 
[ ] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[ ] 
5
Issue Price: 
[ ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
6
(i) Specified Denominations: (this 
means the minimum integral 
amount in which Transfer can be 
made). 
[ ] and integral multiples of [ ] in excess thereof 
(ii) Calculation Amount: 
[ ] 
7
(i) Issue Date: 
[ ] 
(ii) Return Accrual Commencement 
Date: 
[The Issue Date][ ] 
8
Maturity Date: 
[ ] 
(Note that for Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate 
Trust Certificates where the Periodic Distribution 
Dates and the amount of profit to be paid on such 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Dates 
are 
subject 
to 
modification in accordance with a Business Day 
Convention, it will be necessary to use the following 
wording:
"Periodic Distribution Date falling in or nearest 
to[specify month]") 
9
Periodic Distribution Amount Basis: 
[[ ] per cent. per annum] Fixed Periodic Distribution 
Amount] 
[[ ] +/-[ ] per cent. per annum Floating Periodic 
Distribution Amount] 
[Screen Rate Determination] (further particulars 
specified below) 
10
Dissolution Basis: 
[Dissolution at par] [ ] 
11
Change of Periodic Distribution Amount 
or Dissolution Basis: 
[ ] [Not Applicable]

--- Page 117 ---
95
12
(i) Call Options: 
[Not Applicable/Optional Dissolution Call] [(further 
particulars specified below)] 
(ii) Date Board approval for issuance 
of Trust Certificates obtained: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
13
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO PERIODIC DISTRIBUTION AMOUNTS (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14
Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) [Fixed Amount: 
[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
(ii) Periodic Distribution Date(s): 
[ ] in each year[, starting on [ ] up to and including the 
Maturity Date] [adjusted in accordance with [ ]] 
(For Renminbi denominated Fixed Rate Trust Certificates 
where the Periodic Distribution Dates and the amount of 
profit to be paid on such Periodic Distribution Dates are 
subject to modification, specify a Business Day 
Convention in paragraph 14(vii) below (which is 
expected to be the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention) and add the words", subject to adjustment in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention. For these 
purposes, Business Day means a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments and are open for general business (including 
dealing in foreign exchange and currency deposits) in 
Hong Kong and [location]" in this subparagraph (ii)) 
(iii)Rate[(s)]: 
[ ] per cent. per annum [payable [annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
(iv) Return Accumulation Period: 
[Condition 7.5 (Return Accumulation Period) applies] [ ] 
(v) Broken Amount(s): 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Period 
Distribution Date falling [in/on] [ ]][Not Applicable] 
(vi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 
(Fixed)] 
(Applicable 
for 
Renminbi 
denominated Fixed Rate Trust Certificates) 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
(vii) Business Day Convention: 
[Not Applicable] [Floating Rate Convention/Following 
Business Day Convention/Modified Following Business 
Day Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention/ 
[specify other]]

--- Page 118 ---
96
15
Floating 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amount Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) Specified Periodic 
Distribution Dates: 
[ ][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (ii) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (ii) below 
is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(ii) Specified Period: 
[ ][Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention][Not 
Applicable] 
(iii) Effective Periodic 
Distribution Date: 
[The date falling [•] Business Days following each 
Periodic Distribution Date, provided that the Effective 
Periodic Distribution Date with respect to the last Return 
Accumulation Period will be the Maturity Date or, if the 
Issuer elects to redeem the Trust Certificates before the 
Maturity Date, the date fixed for redemption (include for 
Payment Delay only)]6 /[Not Applicable] 
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/FRN Convention/Eurodollar 
Convention] 
[Following Business Day Convention] 
[Modified Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Business Day Convention] 
[Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
(v) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination (Condition 8.3 (Screen Rate 
Determination) applies)] [ ] 
(vi) Party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) and/or 
Periodic Distribution 
Amount(s) (if not the 
Principal Paying Agent): 
[Not Applicable/[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent] 
(vii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Reference Rate: 
[[EURIBOR] calculated in accordance with Condition 
8.3 (Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Trust 
Certificates not referencing SONIA, SOFR or €STR)] / 
[[€STR/SONIA/SOFR] calculated in accordance with 
Condition 8.4 (Screen Rate Determination for Floating 
Rate Trust Certificates referencing SONIA, SOFR or 
€STR)] 
6 Effective Periodic Distribution Dates should be at least 5 Business Days after the Periodic Distribution Dates, 
unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 119 ---
97

Periodic Distribution 
Determination Dates(s): 
[ ]/[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the first day 
of each Return Accumulation Period]/[First day of each 
Return Accumulation Period]/[The [first/second/third/[]] 
Business Day immediately preceding the Periodic 
Distribution Date for each Return Accumulation Period 
(or immediately preceding such earlier date, if any, on 
which 
the 
Trust 
Certificates 
are 
due 
and 
payable).][provide details]/[The Periodic Distribution 
Date at the end of each Return Accumulation Period; 
provided that the Periodic Distribution Determination 
Date with respect to the last Return Accumulation Period 
prior to the Maturity Date or the date fixed for redemption 
will be the Rate Cut-off Date - Include this wording for 
Payment Delay only]]7

Relevant Screen Page: 
[ ] 

Relevant Time: 
[ ] 

Relevant Financial 
Centre: 
[ ] 

Reference Banks: 
[ ] 

Calculation Method: 
[Compounded Daily] / [Weighted Average] / [Not 
Applicable] 

Observation Method: 
[Lag]/[Lock-out] / [Observation Shift] / [Payment Delay] 
/ [SOFR Index] / [Not Applicable] 

Observation 
Look-back 
Period: 
[]/ [SOFR Index] / [Not Appicable]8

D: 
[365]/[360]/[]/[Not Applicable] 

Rate Cut-off Date: 
[The date falling [] Business Days prior to the Maturity 
Date or the date fixed for redemption, as applicable – used 
for Payment Delay only]9/[Not Applicable] 
(viii)Margin(s): 
[Not Applicable/[+/-][ ] per cent. per annum] 
7 To be at least 5 Business Days before the relevant Periodic Distribution Date where the Reference Rate is SONIA, 
SOFR or €STR. 
8 The length of the Observation Look-back Period should be at least as many Business Days as the period between 
the Periodic Distribution Date and the Periodic Distribution Determination Date. "Observation Look-back Period" 
is only applicable where "Lag" or "Observation Shift" is selected as the Observation Method; otherwise, select 
"Not Applicable".
9 The Rate Cut-off Date should be at least 5 Business Days before the Maturity Date or the date fixed for 
redemption, unless otherwise agreed with the Principal Paying Agent.

--- Page 120 ---
98
(ix) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360] 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO DISSOLUTION 
16
Optional Dissolution (Call) 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 

Optional Dissolution 
Amount (Call) 
[Final Dissolution Amount/[ ] per Calculation Amount] 

Optional Dissolution Date
(Call) 
[Any Periodic Distribution Date] [ ] 

Notice period: 
[ ] 
17
Final Dissolution Amount 
[[ ] per Calculation Amount] [ ] 
18
Early Dissolution Amount (Tax): 
[Final Dissolution Amount/[ ] per Calculation Amount] 
19
Dissolution Event 
As listed in sub-paragraphs (a) to [(f)] inclusive of 
Condition 14 (Dissolution Events) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE TRUST CERTIFICATES 
20
Additional Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Periodic Distribution Dates: 
[ ] 
21
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
22
RMB Settlement Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
23
Form of Trust Certificates:  
Global Trust Certificate registered in the name of a 
nominee for [a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg/a common safekeeper for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (that is, held 
under the NSS)] 
24
Other terms or special conditions: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
DISTRIBUTION
25
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
26
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
27
Additional selling restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] [See Schedule [ ] of the [subscription] 
agreement dated [ ]]

--- Page 121 ---
99
28
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
29
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
30
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS IN RESPECT OF THE PORTFOLIO
31
Details 
of 
Transaction 
Account: 
[IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 
SARL] Transaction Account No: [ ] with [ ] for Series 
No.: [ ] 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION
Each of [IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL] and the IsDB accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Pricing Supplement. [Relevant third party 
information] has been extracted from [specify source]. Each of the Issuer and the IsDB confirms that 
such information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware, and is able to ascertain 
from information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.] 
Signed on behalf of [IDB Trust Services Limited / IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL]:
By: .................................................................  
Duly authorised 
Signed on behalf of the Islamic Development Bank:
By:  ................................................................  
Duly authorised

--- Page 122 ---
100
Part B – Other Information 
1
LISTING 
(i) 
Listing 
[][None] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to 
trading on [ ] with effect from [ ].] [Application is 
expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Trust Certificates to be admitted to trading on 
[ ] with effect from [ ].] [Not Applicable.] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
The Trust Certificates to be issued [have been/are 
expected to be] rated: 
[S & P: [ ]] 
[Moody's: [ ]] 
[Fitch: [ ]] 
3
[INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER]
[Save for any fees payable to the [Manager[s]/Dealers] and save as discussed in "Subscription and Sale" 
of the Base Prospectus, so far as the Issuer or the IsDB is aware, no person involved in the offer of the 
Trust Certificates has an interest material to the offer. The [Manager[s]/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer or the Guarantor and their affiliates in 
the ordinary course of business for which they may receive fees.] 
4
ESTIMATED TOTAL EXPENSES 
Estimated total expenses related to the 
admission to trading: 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
5
[YIELD] 
(Fixed 
Periodic 
Distribution 
Amount 
Trust 
Certificates only) 
Indication of yield:
[ ] [per cent. per annum] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6
[HISTORIC RATES] 
(Floating Periodic Distribution Amount Trust 
Certificates only) 
Details of historic [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained from [Reuters].]

--- Page 123 ---
101
The Issuer [intends to provide post-issuance information [specify what information will be reported 
and where it can be obtained]] [does not intend to provide post-issuance information]. 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN Code: 
[ ] /[Until the Trust Certificates are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single series with 
the Original Trust Certificates, the Trust Certificates 
will have the temporary ISIN [ ]. After that, the Trust 
Certificates will have the same ISIN as the Original 
Trust Certificates, which is [ ]]. 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[ ] /[Until the Trust Certificates are consolidated, 
become fungible with and form a single series with 
the Original Trust Certificates, the Trust Certificates 
will have the temporary Common Code [ ]. After that, 
the Trust Certificates will have the same Common 
Code as the Original Trust Certificates, which is [ ]]. 
(iii)
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV and 
Clearstream Banking, S.A. and the 
relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable] [ ] 
(iv)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(v)
Names and addresses of initial paying  
agent(s): 
[ ][ HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom] 
(vi)
Names and addresses of additional 
paying agent(s) (if any): 
[ ][Not Applicable] 
8 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds shall be used by the Issuer in accordance with the section of the Base Prospectus 
titled "Use of Proceeds". The net proceeds that the IsDB receives from the Issuer will be used by 
the IsDB [for general corporate purposes]/[to finance or refinance eligible projects in accordance 
with its Sustainable Finance Framework].

--- Page 124 ---
102
FORM OF TRUST CERTIFICATES 
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will only be issued in registered form. Trust Certificates 
will be issued outside the United States in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act. Each Series 
of Trust Certificates will be evidenced by a permanent Global Trust Certificate which will be: (i) 
deposited with, and registered in the name of a nominee for, a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream Luxembourg; or (ii) held under the NSS, in which case the Global Trust Certificate will be 
delivered to, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. Only in the exceptional circumstances outlined below will individual 
registered trust certificates (Individual Trust Certificates) evidencing holdings of Trust Certificates to 
be issued in exchange for the Global Trust Certificate relating to the relevant Series. 
Depositing the Global Trust Certificates with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg does not necessarily mean that the Trust Certificates will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue, or 
at any or all times during their life (Eurosystem Eligibility). Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem Eligibility criteria. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing 
system as the beneficial holder of a Trust Certificate represented by a Global Trust Certificate must look 
solely to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such person's share of each payment made by the relevant Trustee to the registered holder of the Global 
Trust Certificate, subject to and in accordance with the respective rules and procedures of Euroclear, 
Clearstream, Luxembourg or such other clearing system (as the case may be). Such persons shall have 
no claim directly against the relevant Trustee in respect of payments due on any Trust Certificates for so 
long as such Trust Certificates are represented by a Global Trust Certificate and such obligations of the 
relevant Trustee will be discharged by payments to the registered holder of the relevant Global Trust 
Certificate in respect of each amount so paid. References in these "Form of Trust Certificates" to 
Accountholder are to those persons shown in the records of the relevant clearing system as a holder of 
a Trust Certificate. 
Each Global Trust Certificate will be in registered form and: (i) registered in the name of a nominee for, 
and deposited on or about the relevant Issue Date with, a common depositary for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (ii) held under the NSS, in which case the Global Trust Certificate will be 
delivered to, and registered in the name of a nominee of, a common safekeeper for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg on or prior to the relevant Issue Date. Upon confirmation from the common 
depositary or the common safekeeper that it holds the relevant Global Trust Certificate, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, will record book-entry interests in the beneficial owner's 
account or the participant account through which the beneficial owner holds its interests in such Global 
Trust Certificate. These book-entry interests will represent the beneficial owner's beneficial interest in 
the relevant Global Trust Certificate. Beneficial interests in a Global Trust Certificate will be shown on, 
and the transfers thereof will be effected only through, records maintained by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and their participants. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be notified for each 
issue where the Global Trust Certificate is held under the NSS whether or not such issue is intended to 
be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem Eligibility. 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be, each Global Trust Certificate will become exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for 
Individual Trust Certificates only in the limited circumstances specified in the relevant Global Trust 
Certificate. Beneficial owners of interests in a Global Trust Certificate will only be entitled to receive 
Individual Trust Certificates under the following limited circumstances: 
(a)
if either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg is closed for business for a continuous period of 
14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention

--- Page 125 ---
103
permanently to cease business or does in fact do so and no alternative clearing system satisfactory 
to the relevant Trustee acting on the instructions of the IsDB and (if so directed by the 
Certificateholders) the Delegate is available; or 
(b)
if the relevant Trustee would suffer a disadvantage as a result of a change in taxation laws or 
regulations which would not be suffered were the Trust Certificates in individual registered form 
and a certificate to such effect signed by a Director of the relevant Trustee and the President (or 
other duly authorised person) of the IsDB is given to the Delegate; or 
(c)
if otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the 
case may be. 
Thereupon the registered holder of the Global Trust Certificate or the Delegate may present the relevant 
Global Trust Certificate on any day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for 
business in the city in which the Registrar has its office for exchange for the corresponding Individual 
Trust Certificates. 
In no event will Individual Trust Certificates in bearer form be issued. Any Individual Trust Certificate 
will be issued in registered form in the denominations specified in the applicable Final Terms or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be. 
Whenever a Global Trust Certificate is to be exchanged for Individual Trust Certificates, such Individual 
Trust Certificates will be issued in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of such 
Global Trust Certificate within five business days of the delivery, by or on behalf of the registered holder 
of the Global Trust Certificate, Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg, and/or any other relevant clearing 
system to the Registrar of such information as is required to complete and deliver such Individual Trust 
Certificates (including, without limitation, the names and addresses of the persons in whose names the 
Individual Trust Certificates are to be registered and the principal amount of each such person's holding) 
against the surrender of the Global Trust Certificate at the specified office of the Registrar. Such 
exchange will be effected in accordance with the provisions of the Agency Agreement and the 
regulations concerning the transfer and registration of Global Trust Certificates in Schedule 3 (Register 
and Transfer of Individual Trust Certificates) to the Master Trust Deed and, in particular, shall be 
effected without charge to any holder, but against such indemnity as the Registrar may require in respect 
of any tax or other duty of whatsoever nature which may be levied or imposed in connection with such 
exchange. 
Whilst any Trust Certificates are represented by a Global Trust Certificate, Dissolution Amount and 
Periodic Distribution Amount payments on the Trust Certificates will be made to the Principal Paying 
Agent (as defined in the Conditions) and then credited by the Principal Paying Agent to the cash accounts 
of Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or their nominee or their common depositary or their common 
safekeeper as the registered holder of the relevant Trust Certificates. After receipt of any payment from 
the Principal Paying Agent to the common depositary or the common safekeeper, Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will credit their respective participants' accounts in 
proportion to those participants' holdings as shown in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, respectively. Payments by participants in Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg to the 
beneficial owners of the relevant Trust Certificates will be governed by standing instructions, customary 
practice and any statutory or regulatory requirements as may be in effect from time to time. These 
payments will be the responsibility of the relevant participant and not of Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, the Principal Paying Agent or the relevant Trustee. 
In addition, each Global Trust Certificate may contain provisions which modify the terms and conditions 
of the Trust Certificates as they apply to the Trust Certificates evidenced by the Global Trust Certificate. 
Notwithstanding Condition 17 (Notices), so long as any Global Trust Certificate is held on behalf of or 
for Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other clearing system (an alternative clearing system),

--- Page 126 ---
104
notices to the holders of the Trust Certificates represented by such Global Trust Certificate may be given 
by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or (as the case may be) such 
alternative clearing system provided that, in the case of any Trust Certificates listed, traded or quoted on 
a Stock Exchange, publication shall also be made as required by Condition 17 (Notices) for so long as 
the rules of such Stock Exchange so require. Any notice delivered to Euroclear, Clearstream, 
Luxembourg or (as the case may be) such alternative clearing system shall be deemed to have been given 
on the day of delivery. 
It is a condition of the Trust Certificates that the relevant Trustee is entitled to rely and bound to act only 
on the instructions of the Delegate acting on directions of the Certificateholders. It is a term of the Trust 
Certificates that whilst the Trust Certificates are in global form, for the purposes of convening meetings 
of Certificateholders and obtaining instructions from Certificateholders and exercising discretions on 
their behalf, the Delegate (but not such Trustee) shall treat the Accountholders as if they were 
Certificateholders. 
The IsDB will be entitled to convene and attend at meetings of Certificateholders but will not be entitled 
to vote at any such meetings. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each holds securities for their Accountholders and facilitate the 
clearance and settlement of securities transactions by electronic book-entry transfer between their 
respective Accountholders. 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each provides various services including safekeeping, 
administration, clearance and settlement of internationally traded securities and securities lending and 
borrowing. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg each also deals with domestic securities markets in 
several countries through established depositary and custodial relationships. The respective systems of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have established an electronic bridge between their two 
systems across which their respective Accountholders may settle trades with each other. 
Accountholders in both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg are worldwide financial institutions 
including underwriters, securities brokers and dealers, banks, trust companies and clearing corporations. 
Indirect access to both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg is available to other institutions that 
clear through or maintain a custodial relationship with an accountholder of either system. 
An Accountholder's overall contractual relations with either Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg are 
governed by the respective rules and operating procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and any applicable laws. Both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg act under such rules and 
operating procedures only on behalf of their respective accountholders and have no record of or 
relationship with persons holding through their respective accountholders. 
Taiwan Settlement and Trading (applicable only for Trust Certificates to be listed on and admitted 
to trading on the Taipei Exchange) 
Neither of the Issuers has entered into any settlement agreement with Taiwan Depository & Clearing 
Corporation (TDCC) and has no intention to do so. 
In the future, if the relevant Issuer enters into a settlement agreement with TDCC, an investor that has a 
securities book-entry account with an ROC securities broker and a foreign currency deposit account with 
an ROC bank may settle the Trust Certificates through the account of TDCC with Euroclear and 
Clearstream, if it applies to TDCC (by filing in a prescribed form) to transfer the Trust Certificates in its 
own account with Euroclear or Clearstream to such TDCC account with Euroclear or Clearstream for 
trading in the domestic market or vice versa for trading in overseas markets. For settlement through

--- Page 127 ---
105
TDCC, TDCC will allocate the respective Trust Certificates position to the securities book-entry account 
designated by such investor in Taiwan. The Trust Certificates will be traded and settled pursuant to the 
applicable rules and operating procedures of TDCC and the Taipei Exchange as domestic bonds. For 
such investors who hold their interest in the Trust Certificates through an account opened and held by 
TDCC with Euroclear or Clearstream, distributions of principal and/or profit for the Trust Certificates 
to such Certificateholders may be made by payment services banks whose systems are connected to 
TDCC to the foreign currency deposit accounts of the Certificateholders. Such payment is expected to 
be made on the second Taiwanese business day following TDCC's receipt of such payment (due to time 
difference, the payment is expected to be received by TDCC one Taiwanese business day after the 
distribution date). However, when the Certificateholders actually receive such distributions may vary 
depending upon the daily operations of the ROC banks with which the Certificateholder has the foreign 
currency deposit account.

--- Page 128 ---
106
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds of each Series of Trust Certificates issued under the Programme will be applied by the 
relevant Issuer for the purchase of the Portfolio of the relevant Series by such Issuer from the IsDB. The 
net proceeds that the IsDB receives from the sale of the Portfolio to such Issuer will be used by it for 
general corporate purposes or to finance or refinance eligible projects in accordance with the IsDB's 
Sustainable Finance Framework (available on the IsDB’s website at https://www.isdb.org/what-we-
do/investor-relations), in each case, as specified in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be. 
The Sustainable Finance Framework and any associated reports, verification assessments or opinions, 
and the contents of the website referenced in this “Use of Proceeds” section, are not incorporated in or 
form part of the Base Prospectus.

--- Page 129 ---
107
DESCRIPTION OF IDB TRUST SERVICES LIMITED 
Introduction 
IDB Trust Services Limited was incorporated in Jersey on 17 February 2005 as a limited par value 
company pursuant to the Companies (Jersey) Law 1991, with registered number 89541. The registered 
office of IDB Trust Services Limited is 44 Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG and its telephone 
number is +44 1534 504000. The authorised share capital of IDB Trust Services Limited at the date of 
this Base Prospectus is £10,000, divided into 10,000 shares of £1.00 each. The issued share capital of 
IDB Trust Services Limited is £2.00 divided into two shares of £1.00 each. 
All of the issued shares of IDB Trust Services Limited are held by or on behalf of Intertrust Corporate 
Trustee (Jersey) Limited as share trustee, under the terms of a declaration of trust dated 16 February 
2005 establishing a charitable trust. 
The principal objects of IDB Trust Services Limited are set out in its memorandum of association and 
these permit IDB Trust Services Limited to act as trustee generally and to issue trust certificates in respect 
of any such trust, to borrow or raise money and to grant security over its assets for the performance of 
its obligations or the payment of money. 
IDB Trust Services Limited was established to raise capital by the issue of Trust Certificates and to use 
the net proceeds of such issuance to purchase the Portfolio in accordance with the Master Purchase 
Agreement and each Supplemental Purchase Agreement. 
Since its incorporation, IDB Trust Services Limited has not engaged in any material activities other than 
those incidental to its registration as a limited par value company under the Companies (Jersey) Law 
1991, the authorisation and issue of the Trust Certificates, the matters contemplated in this Base 
Prospectus, the authorisation of the other Programme Documents referred to in this Base Prospectus or 
in connection with the issue of the Trust Certificates and other matters which are incidental or ancillary 
to those activities. IDB Trust Services Limited has no employees. 
There is no intention to accumulate surplus cash in IDB Trust Services Limited except in the 
circumstances set out in the Master Trust Deed and (if applicable) the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed. 
There is no requirement under Jersey law for IDB Trust Services Limited to register or publish audited 
or unaudited accounts, although IDB Trust Services Limited has published audited accounts for previous 
years. The audited accounts of IDB Trust Services Limited for the period ended 31 December 2019 and 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 and subsequent annual audited accounts will be made available 
for inspection by Certificateholders at the registered office of IDB Trust Services Limited within seven 
days of such reports and accounts being delivered to IDB Trust Services Limited. In addition, such 
accounts will be made available for inspection and will be obtainable free of charge on application at the 
specified office of the Principal Paying Agent. The auditor of the financial statements of IDB Trust 
Services Limited is BDO Limited of Windward House, La Route de la Liberation, St Helier, Jersey JE1 
1BG. 
Directors and Secretary 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Directors of IDB Trust Services Limited and their respective 
business addresses and principal activities or business occupations are: 
Name 
Business Address 
Principal Activities Outside IDB Trust Services 
Limited 
Ryan Mendez 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier, Jersey 
JE4 9WG 
Associate Director in fiduciary trust company

--- Page 130 ---
108
Cheryl Heslop 
As above 
Associate director in fiduciary trust company 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the Company Secretary of IDB Trust Services Limited is Intertrust 
SPV Services Limited (formerly known as Elian SPV Services Limited and Ogier SPV Services Limited) 
with the business address 44 The Esplanade, St Helier, Jersey JE4 9WG. 
Cheryl Heslop is a director and Ryan Mendez is an alternate director of certain subsidiaries of Intertrust 
Fiduciary Services (Jersey) Limited, including Intertrust SPV Services Limited. Intertrust Fiduciary 
Services (Jersey) Limited is the holding company of Intertrust Corporate Trustee (Jersey) Limited, the 
trustee of IDB Trust Services Charitable Trust, and Intertrust SPV Services Limited (formerly known as 
Elian SPV Services Limited and Ogier SPV Services Limited), the secretary of and corporate services 
provider to  IDB Trust Services Limited. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties toward IDB Trust Services Limited of any 
of the persons referred to above and their respective private interests and/or duties. 
IDB Trust Services Limited's activities will comprise the issue of Trust Certificates, the purchase of the 
Portfolio pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Supplemental Purchase Agreement and the 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed, the entering into all documents relating to such issue 
and purchase to which it is expressed to be a party and the exercise of related rights and powers and other 
activities referred to in this Base Prospectus or reasonably incidental to those activities.

--- Page 131 ---
109
DESCRIPTION OF ISDB TRUST SERVICES NO.2 SARL 
Introduction 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL was incorporated in Luxembourg on 15 September 2020 as a private 
limited liability company (société à responsabilité limitée) pursuant to the Luxembourg law of 10 August 
1915 on commercial companies (the 1915 Law), and is registered with the Luxembourg trade and 
companies register (Registre de commerce et des sociétés, Luxembourg)  under number B247570. The 
registered office of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL is at 6, rue Eugène Ruppert, L-2453 Luxembourg 
and its telephone number is +352 26 44 91. The issued share capital of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL 
is EUR 12,000 divided into 12,000 shares with a nominal value of EUR 1 each. All of IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL's shares are held by Intertrust Fiscal Trustee a.r.l.  
The corporate objects of IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL are set out in its articles of association and 
these permit IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL to act as trustee generally and to issue trust certificates in 
respect of any such trust, to borrow or raise money and to grant security over its assets for the 
performance of its obligations or the payment of money. 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL was established to raise capital by the issue of Trust Certificates and to 
use the net proceeds of such issuance to purchase the Portfolio in accordance with the Master Purchase 
Agreement and each Supplemental Purchase Agreement. 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL's activities will comprise the issue of Trust Certificates, the purchase 
of the Portfolio pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement, the Supplemental Purchase Agreement(s) 
and the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed, the entering into all documents relating to 
such issue and purchase to which it is expressed to be a party and the exercise of related rights and 
powers and other activities referred to in this Base Prospectus or reasonably incidental to those activities. 
Since its incorporation, IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL has not engaged in any material activities other 
than those incidental to its registration as a private limited liability company (société à responsabilité 
limitée) under the 1915 Law, the authorisation of the Trust Certificates, the matters contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus, the authorisation of the other Programme Documents referred to in this Base Prospectus 
or in connection with the issue of the Trust Certificates and other matters which are incidental or ancillary 
to those activities. IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL has no employees. 
There is no intention to accumulate surplus cash in IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL except in the 
circumstances set out in the Master Trust Deed and (if applicable) the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed.  
Managers  
At the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr. Claudio Chirco is the IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL’s sole 
manager, having an unlimited term. 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties toward IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL 
of the manager and his private interests and/or duties. 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL has no employees.
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISDB 
The following description includes financial information as at and for year ended 31 December 2020 
and as at and for the year ended 31 December 2019 derived from the 2020 Financial Statements. The

--- Page 132 ---
110
2020 Financial Statements have been approved by the Board of Governors (as defined below) on 4 
September 2021. 
The following description also includes information derived from the annual reports of the IsDB-OCR 
for the year ended 31 December 2020 and the year ended 31 December 2019. Certain figures and 
percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, 
figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as 
totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
INTRODUCTION 
The Islamic Development Bank (the IsDB) was established on 24 Rajab 1394H (12 August 1974) 
pursuant to the articles of agreement (the Articles of Agreement) among and between its founding 
Member Countries and began operating as a multilateral development bank on 15 Shawwal 1395H (20 
October 1975).  
The IsDB's purpose is to foster the economic development and social progress of its Member Countries 
as well as of Muslim communities in non-Member Countries in accordance with the principles of Shari’a 
(Islamic law) (see "Description of the IsDBCapital Structure and OwnershipShare CapitalThe 
IsDB Member Countries" for further details). The IsDB pursues this goal by providing project financing, 
loans and technical assistance as well as establishing and managing special funds and trust funds.  
The principal office of the IsDB is located at 8111 King Khalid Street, Al Nuzlah Al Yamania District 
– Unit No. 1, Jeddah 22332-2444 in the KSA and its telephone number is +96 612 6361400.  
Since January 2018, as part of a shift towards a decentralised business delivery model, the IsDB has 
established 9 regional hubs in the field: Abuja (Nigeria), Almaty (Kazakhstan), Ankara (Turkey), Cairo 
(Egypt), Dakar (Senegal), Dhaka (Bangladesh), Jakarta (Indonesia), Rabat (Morocco) and Kampala 
(Uganda). The operations for Suriname, Guyana, GCC Countries and Yemen are currently being 
managed from headquarters in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia.   
These hubs are responsible and accountable for the IsDB’s business development, delivery, revenue 
generation, resource mobilisation, and branding initiatives and activities in the Member Countries. The 
IsDB believes this decentralised field presence has allowed the IsDB to shift its focus towards becoming 
an open platform to allow active engagement in the IsDB’s project life cycle, programmes and resource 
mobilisation initiatives. The decentralised regional hubs are supervised by a single-point delegation of 
authority and are monitored by an accountability team to ensure that the regional hubs are accountable 
for the execution of the IsDB’s annual targets for business development, delivery, resource mobilisation 
and revenue generation. 
MISSION 
The IsDB’s mission, as stated in its Vision 1440, is to promote comprehensive human development, with 
a focus on the priority areas of alleviating poverty, improving health, promoting education, improving 
governance and prospering people. The IsDB hopes to achieve this by becoming a premier provider of 
development financing, based on Islamic finance principles, focusing on comprehensive human 
development both within and beyond the Muslim world.  
The IsDB developed its Member Country Partnership Strategy (MCPS) as a cornerstone of its strategic 
dialogue with its Member Countries. The MCPS is a partnership with Member Countries in collaboration 
with other multilateral development banks and is geared at shifting the focus in the Member Country's 
development towards larger scale projects in infrastructure development, human development, and 
agriculture and rural development.  The IsDB has completed the formulation of 2 MCPS: (1) Gabon,

--- Page 133 ---
111
approved by the IsDB's  Board of Executive Directors in February 2020; and (2) Maldives, approved by 
the Board of Executive Directors in February 2021.In addition, 6 MCPS are currently under formulation: 
Senegal, Guinea, Nigeria, Niger, Indonesia and Morocco. The IsDB intends tofinalise and launch these 
6 MCPSs in 2022, to be founded on Member Countries' national development plans, amenable to their 
changing post-Covid-19 priorities and aligned with the IsDB's core mandate. 
LEGAL STATUS AND OVERVIEW OF THE ISDB GROUP  
Legal Status of the IsDB 
The IsDB is an international organisation and derives its legal personality from public international law. 
As a result, it is able to enter into contracts, acquire and dispose of property and take legal action. The 
Articles of Agreement have been signed and ratified or accepted by each of the IsDB's Member 
Countries.  
As a supranational institution, the IsDB is not subject to national banking regulation and is not supervised 
by any external regulatory authority. It is, however, closely supervised by the Board of Governors of the 
IsDB (the Board of Governors) and the Board of Executive Directors of the IsDB (the Board of 
Executive Directors) (see "Description of the IsDBOrganisation and ManagementBoard of 
Governors" and "Description of the IsDBOrganisation and ManagementBoard of Executive 
Directors" for further details). Moreover, in each Member Country the IsDB has been granted an 
exemption from all taxes and tariffs on assets, property or income, and from any liability involving 
payment, withholding or collection of any taxes.  
The IsDB is required to carry out its activities in accordance with the principles of Shari’a. The 
fundamental principle underlying the Shari’a approach to financial matters is that to earn a profit it is 
always necessary to take a risk. The concept of a bank deposit or bank loan that earns interest but whose 
principal must be repaid in full does not fit in with this underlying principle. In practice, the Shari’a 
financing approach means that all Islamic finance is asset based.  
The principles of Shari’a are regularly clarified by the Fiqh Academy, an institution established by the 
Organisation of the Islamic Cooperation (the OIC) to interpret and develop Islamic jurisprudence. The 
IsDB has established its own Shari’a board (the IsDB Group Shariah Board) to give its opinion on 
matters on which the Fiqh Academy has not yet made any pronouncement. In particular, the IsDB 
submits proposals for transactions and products to be used by the IsDB for the first time (and which raise 
fundamental issues of Shari’a) to the IsDB Group Shariah Board for a ruling on the conformity of such 
proposals with the principles of Shari’a. 
Overview of the IsDB Group 
The IsDB has participated in the establishment of a number of entities, which are all separate legal 
entities, with the aim of strengthening its objectives. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB-
OCR, together with these other entities (collectively, the IsDB Group), has evolved into a non-legal 
group comprising the entities listed below. 

International Islamic Trade Finance Corporation (ITFC) – see "Operations of the IsDB2. 
Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsIsDB Group EntitiesInternational 
Islamic Trade Finance Corporation"; 

Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector (ICD) – see "Operations of 
the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsIsDB Group 
EntitiesIslamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector";

--- Page 134 ---
112

Islamic Research and Training Institute (IRTI) – see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities 
of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsIsDB Group EntitiesIslamic Research and 
Training Institute"; and 

Islamic Corporation for Insurance of Investment and Export Credit (ICIEC) – see 
"Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsIsDB 
Group EntitiesIslamic Corporation for Insurance of Investment and Export Credit". 
ICIEC, ICD and ITFC are established as international financial organisations with full judicial 
personality and separate and independent governing bodies. Members of the IsDB Group share the 
common objective of mobilising financial resources in conformity with the Shari’a, for the purposes of 
project financing, promotion of trade among Member Countries and providing technical assistance. 
However, the members of the IsDB Group are neither subsidiaries nor affiliates of the IsDB-OCR. The 
IsDB-OCR has a shareholding only in the ITFC, the ICD and the ICIEC but it has no control of the 
management, policies or operation of these entities. Moreover, under the Articles of Agreement, by-laws 
and financial regulations of the IsDB (the Financial Regulations), the IsDB-OCR is prohibited from 
consolidating its accounts with any other entity. The articles of agreement of the ICD and ITFC clearly 
stipulate that each of them shall be an entity separate and distinct from IsDB-OCR and that their 
respective funds and accounts shall be kept separate and apart from those of IsDB-OCR. However, the 
subscription of shares held by IsDB in ICIEC was funded from the resources of the Waqf Fund (as 
defined below) and not from the IsDB-OCR. 
In addition to the above entities, the IsDB has established three special funds and three trust funds (three 
of which the IsDB continues to manage), namely:  

Islamic Solidarity Fund for Development (ISFD) which is a special fund contributed by IsDB 
and its Member Countries and managed by IsDB – see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities 
of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsOther FundsIslamic Solidarity Fund for 
Development"; 

IDB Infrastructure Fund 2 (the IIF2) which has taken over the functions of the IDB 
Infrastructure Fund 1 – see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's 
Entities and Other FundsOther FundsIDB Infrastructure Fund 2";  

World Waqf Foundation (WWF), a trust fund managed by IsDB on a Mudaraba basis – see 
"Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsOther 
FundsThe World Waqf Foundation"; 

Awqaf Properties Investment Fund (APIF), a trust fund managed by IsDB on a Mudaraba basis 
– see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other 
FundsOther FundsThe Awqaf Properties Investment Fund";  

Special Account Resources Waqf Fund (Waqf Fund) which is a special fund managed by IsDB 
– see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other 
FundsOther FundsThe Waqf Fund"; and 

Science, Technology and Innovation Fund (STI Fund), which is a special fund managed by 
IsDB – see “Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other 
FundsOther FundsScience Technology and Innovation Fund”.
The IsDB has also participated in the establishment of the International Centre for Biosaline Agriculture 
(ICBA) in Dubai, UAE. The government of the UAE has taken full responsibility for the support and

--- Page 135 ---
113
management of ICBA. For further detail on the ICBA, see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of 
the IsDB Group's Entities and Other FundsOther FundsThe International Centre for Biosaline 
Agriculture". 
Pursuant to a memorandum of understanding between the KSA and the IsDB, the IsDB has been 
entrusted with the management of the Sacrificial Meat Utilisation Project of Saudi Arabia (the Adahi 
Project), but the IsDB is not legally or financially responsible for such project. For further detail on the 
Adahi Project, see – see "Operations of the IsDB2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other 
FundsOther FundsSacrificial Meat Utilisation Project of Saudi Arabia". 
In addition, the IsDB carries out a number of other activities which have an impact on social and 
economic development in its Member Countries. These include: 

human capital development, by way of providing scholarships and extending training 
opportunities to individuals engaged in development activities; 

undertaking research in Islamic economics, banking and finance; 

social infrastructure development; and 

support activities for private sector development in Member Countries. 
The IsDB also cooperates with other regional and international organisations in a variety of strategic 
partnerships. For example, the IsDB has on-going working relationships with the World Bank, the 
African Development Bank, the Asian Development Bank, the Food and Agriculture Organisation 
(FAO), the World Health Organisation and the International Fund for Agriculture Development (IFAD). 
In 1436H, the IsDB signed a Strategic Partnership Framework with the World Bank Group (14 October 
2015), a Procurement Agency Agreement and a Facility Agreement with Africa Finance Corporation 
(31 August 2015) as well as nine MOUs with Islamic Financial Services Board (8 July 2015), Islamic 
Conference Youth Forum for Dialogue and Cooperation (15 June 2015), Qatar Islamic Bank (22 March 
2015), GCC Association of Chambers (26 March 2015), Arab Monetary Fund (7 April 2015), Imperial 
Technology and Medicine, London (ICI), United Kingdom, Organisation of Islamic Conferences (1 
February 2015) and the International Renewable Energy Agency (23 March 2015). 
Traditionally, the IsDB’s cooperation and partnership arrangements have been particularly strong with 
the members of the coordination group (the Coordination Group), an association comprised of three 
bilateral funds (Abu Dhabi Fund for Development, the Kuwait Fund for Arab Economic Development 
and the Saudi Fund for Development), one monetary agency (Arab Monetary Fund) and five multilateral 
development agencies (Arab Bank for Economic Development in Africa, Arab Fund for Economic and 
Social Development, Arab Gulf Programme for United Nations Development Organisations – 
AGFUND, OPEC Fund for International Development and the IsDB itself).  
The Coordination Group, set up in 1395H (1975), works to achieve greater cohesion and effectiveness 
in the delivery of Arab aid within Arab, Muslim countries and other developing countries around the 
world. The nine institutions (comprising the three bilateral funds and the five multilateral development 
agencies) are either based in the Gulf region or have a large shareholding by an Arab state. Among other 
joint activities, the Coordination Group shares initiatives and business opportunities; synchronises 
programmes, harmonises approaches and best practices and forges common positions towards major 
global initiatives. Recent initiatives include country assistance evaluation, policy formulation, joint 
promotion of research and development in science and technology, public-private partnership 
arrangements, and post-conflict recovery and rehabilitation work.

--- Page 136 ---
114
Going forward, the IsDB plans to focus on poverty alleviation, mainly through financing health and 
education sector projects in Member Countries. 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE AND OWNERSHIP 
The IsDB-OCR's ordinary operations are funded primarily by its equity, which comprises principally 
funds derived from paid up share capital and reserves and is supplemented by resources mobilised from 
the market. 
Share Capital 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB-OCR had an authorised share capital of ID100 billion (U.S.$144.0 
billion), comprised of 10.0 million shares with a par value of ID10,000 (U.S.$14,402.7) per share. 
During the course of 1429H (2008), the IsDB-OCR's subscribed capital was increased from ID15 billion 
to ID16 billion in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board of Governors during the IsDB's 33rd
annual meeting held in Jeddah on 30 Jumad Awwal 1429H (4 June 2008). This increase was approved 
to accommodate the request of Qatar to increase its subscription to 8.65 per cent. of the IsDB-OCR 
subscribed capital in order to have the right to appoint a member on the Board of Executive Directors. 
On 12 Rajab 1431H (24 June 2010), the IsDB-OCR's subscribed capital was further increased from ID16 
billion to ID18 billion in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board of Governors during its 35th 
annual meeting held in Baku, Azerbaijan. This increase was approved to accommodate the request by 
Nigeria to increase its subscription to ID1,384 million, or 8.65 per cent. of the IsDB-OCR's subscribed 
capital. The increase enabled Nigeria to appoint a member to the Board of Executive Directors. 
On 12 Rajab 1434H (22 May 2013), the IsDB-OCR's subscribed capital was further increased by ID32 
billion from ID18 billion to ID50 billion in accordance with a resolution passed by the Board of 
Governors during its 38th annual meeting held in Dushanbe, Tajikistan. This fifth general capital 
increase (GCI) is callable but will not be called up unless the IsDB-OCR fails to meet its obligations. In 
addition, the Board of Governors resolved to call the 50 per cent. cash-callable portion of the fourth GCI 
over a period of 20 years commencing on 1 January 2016. 
On 4 Jumad Al-Awwal 1442H (19 December 2020), the IsDB-OCR's subscribed capital was further 
increased by ID5.5 billion from ID50 billion to ID55.5 billion (the sixth GCI) in accordance with the 
resolution passed by the Board of Governors by circulation. The sixth GCI will be available for 
subscription by all member countries according to the rules and the resolution of the Board of Governors. 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB-OCR’s subscribed share capital was ID 50.3 billion (U.S.$72.4 
billion) and comprised of called-up capital of ID 9.4 billion (U.S.$13.5 billion) (which, for the IsDB-
OCR’s internal assessment purposes, comprises of paid-up capital, instalments due but not yet paid and 
instalments not yet due) and callable capital in the amount of ID 40.9 billion (U.S.$58.9 billion). Out of 
the called-up capital, ID 5.9 billion (U.S.$8.5 billion) was paid in as at 31 December 2020 and ID 3.2 
billion (U.S.$4.6 billion) was not yet due as at 31 December 2020.  
The IsDB-OCR’s subscribed capital is divided into the following components: 

initial capital, which is the capital paid by countries in order to become members of the IsDB; 

general capital increases, of which there have been six, beginning with the additional capital 
increase on 27 Rabi Thani 1401H (3 March 1981), the second GCI on 4 Muharram 1413H (4 
July 1992), the third GCI on 8 Shabaan 1422H (24 October 2001), the fourth GCI on 4 Jumad

--- Page 137 ---
115
Awwal 1427H (31 May 2006), the fifth GCI on 12 Rajab 1434H (22 May 2013) and the sixth 
GCI on 4 Jumad Al-Awwal 1442H (19 December 2020); and 

special capital increases, which were approved by the Board of Governors on 13 Jumad Awwal 
1405H, 16 Shabaan 1412H, 29 Rajab 1419H, 30 Jumad Awwal 1429H and 12 Rajab 1431H (3 
February 1985, 19 February 1992, 18 November 1998, 4 June 2008, and 24 June 2010 
respectively) to accommodate the request of certain Member Countries (namely, Turkey, Iran, 
Egypt, Qatar and Nigeria, respectively) to increase their subscriptions in the IsDB’s capital.  
The IsDB-OCR's subscribed capital is further subdivided into cash callable capital and capital callable 
for guarantee. The initial capital, the additional capital increase, the second GCI, 50 per cent. of the 
fourth GCI and the sixth GCI are cash callable capital. The capital callable for guarantee comprises 100 
per cent. of the third and fifth GCIs and the remaining 50 per cent. of the fourth GCI. Capital callable 
for guarantee is collateral for raising funds from the market and for providing guarantees for its 
operations which will be called only if the IsDB-OCR fails to meet its obligations in respect of funds 
raised in the market or guarantees given for its ordinary operations. Member Countries are irrevocably 
committed to pay their portion of the subscribed capital in question. Calls are made in freely convertible 
currencies acceptable to the IsDB-OCR. The IsDB-OCR’s shares cannot be pledged or encumbered, and 
cannot be transferred to any entity other than the IsDB-OCR.  
The IsDB Member Countries 
Share ownership of the IsDB-OCR is restricted to Member Countries. The basic conditions of 
membership are that a country must be a member of the OIC and it must pay its contribution to the 
capital of the IsDB-OCR. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB is comprised of 57 Member 
Countries and the nine principal shareholders (and their respective shareholdings), based on total 
subscribed capital, are the KSA (23.50 per cent.), Libya (9.43 per cent.), Iran (8.25 per cent.), Nigeria 
(7.66 per cent.), the UAE (7.51 per cent.), Qatar (7.18 per cent.), Egypt (7.07 per cent.), Kuwait (6.92 
per cent.) and Turkey (6.45 per cent.). The IsDB-OCR classifies a Member Country as a principal 
shareholder if it subscribes to at least 8.65 per cent. of the share capital of the IsDB-OCR outstanding at 
such time. A principal shareholder’s holdings may be subsequently diluted to less than 8.65 per cent. 
thereafter without necessarily negating its principal shareholder status. 
The table below is the IsDB-OCR statement of subscriptions to capital stock and voting power by 
Member Countries as at 31 December 2020 expressed in million ID.

--- Page 138 ---
116
S/N
Country 
Consolidated Position of Subscribed Capital 
No. of Shares 
(Units) 
Amount in Million ID 
Breakdown of Called-up 
Capital (ID) 
Called-
up 
Callable 
Total 
% of 
Total 
Paid-up 
Over 
due 
Not Yet 
Due 
1 
Saudi Arabia 
1,189,680 
2,135.9 
9,761.0 
11,896.8 23.50%
1,459.2 
0.0 
676.6 
2 
Libya 
477,166 
856.7 
3,915.0 
4,771.7 
9.43%
462.6 
122.7 
271.4 
3 
Iran 
417,463 
749.5 
3,425.2 
4,174.6 
8.25%
504.1 
7.9 
237.4 
4 
United Arab 
Emirates 
379,949 
682.1 
3,117.4 
3,799.5 
7.51%
464.8 
0.0 
217.3 
5 
Nigeria 
387,452 
695.6 
3,178.9 
3,874.5 
7.66%
253.8 
59.3 
382.4 
6 
Qatar 
363,236 
653.0 
2,979.3 
3,632.4 
7.18%
436.7 
0.0 
216.4 
7 
Egypt 
357,965 
641.9 
2,937.7 
3,579.7 
7.07%
420.0 
0.0 
221.9 
8 
Kuwait 
350,000 
880.9 
2,619.1 
3,500.0 
6.92%
614.1 
0.0 
266.8 
9 
Turkey 
326,384 
585.3 
2,678.6 
3,263.8 
6.45%
376.2 
6.7 
202.4 
10 Algeria 
128,559 
230.5 
1,055.1 
1,285.6 
2.54%
152.9 
0.0 
77.7 
11 Pakistan 
128,559 
230.5 
1,055.1 
1,285.6 
2.54%
147.8 
3.1 
79.7 
12 Indonesia 
113,795 
204.2 
933.8 
1,138.0 
2.25%
144.3 
0.0 
59.9 
13 Malaysia 
82,308 
147.6 
675.5 
823.1 
1.63%
96.6 
0.0 
51.0 
14 Bangladesh 
50,996 
91.4 
418.5 
510.0 
1.01%
59.8 
0.0 
31.6 
15 Morocco 
25,669 
46.0 
210.7 
256.7 
0.51%
30.1 
0.0 
15.9 
16 Yemen 
25,862 
46.2 
212.4 
258.6 
0.51%
24.8 
5.4 
16.0

--- Page 139 ---
117
S/N
Country 
Consolidated Position of Subscribed Capital 
No. of Shares 
(Units) 
Amount in Million ID 
Breakdown of Called-up 
Capital (ID) 
Called-
up 
Callable 
Total 
% of 
Total 
Paid-up 
Over 
due 
Not Yet 
Due 
17 Sudan 
23,295 
41.8 
191.1 
233.0 
0.46%
13.9 
14.7 
13.2 
18 Jordan 
21,976 
39.5 
180.3 
219.8 
0.43%
27.0 
0.0 
12.5 
19 Oman 
14,255 
25.6 
117.0 
142.6 
0.28%
16.7 
0.0 
8.8 
20 Senegal 
14,781 
26.5 
121.3 
147.8 
0.29%
9.4 
8.8 
8.4 
21 Iraq 
13,505 
24.2 
110.8 
135.1 
0.27%
15.8 
0.0 
8.4 
22 Brunei 
12,836 
23.0 
105.3 
128.4 
0.25%
15.3 
0.0 
7.7 
23 Cameroon 
12,836 
23.0 
105.3 
128.4 
0.25%
12.0 
3.0 
8.0 
24 Burkina Faso 
9,017 
23.0 
67.2 
90.2 
0.18%
15.1 
0.0 
7.9 
25 Niger
9,017 
23.0 
67.2 
90.2 
0.18%
7.3 
7.8 
8.0 
26 Uganda 
6,895 
12.4 
56.5 
69.0 
0.14%
12.1 
0.3 
(0.0) 
27 Bahrain 
7,245 
13.0 
59.5 
72.5 
0.14%
8.5 
0.0 
4.5 
28 Kazakhstan 
5,400 
9.8 
44.2 
54.0 
0.11%
6.4 
0.0 
3.4 
29 Azerbaijan 
5,092 
9.1 
41.8 
50.9 
0.10%
6.1 
0.0 
3.1 
30 Mali 
5,092 
9.1 
41.8 
50.9 
0.10%
6.0 
0.0 
3.1 
31 Gabon 
5,458 
27.4 
27.2 
54.6 
0.11%
15.4 
2.5 
9.5 
32 Guinea 
4,585 
23.0 
22.8 
45.9 
0.09%
13.2 
1.8 
8.0 
33 Lebanon 
3,577 
9.1 
26.6 
35.8 
0.07%
6.0 
0.0 
3.2 
34 Mauritania 
3,577 
9.1 
26.6 
35.8 
0.07%
5.6 
0.4 
3.2 
35 Tunisia 
7,158 
18.3 
53.3 
71.6 
0.14%
12.2 
0.0 
6.1 
36 Kyrghyzstan 
2,584 
4.6 
21.2 
25.8 
0.05%
2.9 
0.1 
1.6

--- Page 140 ---
118
S/N
Country 
Consolidated Position of Subscribed Capital 
No. of Shares 
(Units) 
Amount in Million ID 
Breakdown of Called-up 
Capital (ID) 
Called-
up 
Callable 
Total 
% of 
Total 
Paid-up 
Over 
due 
Not Yet 
Due 
37 Mozambique 
2,584 
4.6 
21.2 
25.8 
0.05%
2.9 
0.2 
1.6 
38 Maldives 
2,584 
4.6 
21.2 
25.8 
0.05%
3.0 
0.0 
1.6 
39 Gambia 
2,584 
4.6 
21.2 
25.8 
0.05%
2.6 
0.4 
1.6 
40 Tajikistan 
1,816 
4.6 
13.5 
18.2 
0.04%
3.0 
0.0 
1.6 
41 Benin 
5,823 
10.5 
47.8 
58.2 
0.12%
7.0 
0.2 
3.3 
42 Togo 
1,816 
4.6 
13.5 
18.2 
0.04%
2.6 
0.4 
1.6 
43 Sierra Leone 
1,816 
4.6 
13.5 
18.2 
0.04%
2.6 
0.5 
1.6 
44 Palestine 
1,955 
9.9 
9.7 
19.6 
0.04%
5.7 
4.1 
0.0 
45 Syria 
1,849 
9.3 
9.2 
18.5 
0.04%
5.0 
1.1 
3.2 
46 Uzbekistan 
1,344 
3.7 
9.7 
13.4 
0.03%
2.9 
0.0 
0.8 
47 Cote D'Ivoire 
1,302 
3.6 
9.5 
13.0 
0.03%
3.6 
0.0 
0.0 
48 Comoros 
1,302 
3.6 
9.5 
13.0 
0.03%
0.6 
2.2 
0.8 
49 Chad 
977 
4.9 
4.9 
9.8 
0.02%
4.7 
0.3 
0.0 
50 Afghanistan 
993 
5.0 
4.9 
9.9 
0.02%
5.0 
0.0 
0.0 
51 Suriname 
923 
4.6 
4.6 
9.2 
0.02%
2.8 
0.2 
1.6 
52 Albania 
923 
4.6 
4.6 
9.2 
0.02%
2.8 
0.2 
1.6 
53 Somalia 
496 
2.5 
2.5 
5.0 
0.01%
2.5 
0.0 
0.0 
54 Turkmenistan 
496 
2.5 
2.5 
5.0 
0.01%
2.5 
0.0 
0.0 
55 Guinea-Bissau 
496 
2.5 
2.5 
5.0 
0.01%
2.2 
0.3 
0.0 
56 Djibouti 
496 
2.5 
2.5 
5.0 
0.01%
1.6 
0.9 
0.0 
57 Guyana 
250 
2.5 
0.0 
2.5 
0.005%
0.6 
0.0 
1.9

--- Page 141 ---
119
S/N
Country 
Consolidated Position of Subscribed Capital 
No. of Shares 
(Units) 
Amount in Million ID 
Breakdown of Called-up 
Capital (ID) 
Called-
up 
Callable 
Total 
% of 
Total 
Paid-up 
Over 
due 
Not Yet 
Due 
Net Shortfall 
* 
* 
* 
* 
0.00%
(0.010) 0.000 
0.009 
Sub-Total 
5,026,049 
9,371.9 
40,888.6 
50,260.5 99.30%
5,940.6 255.6 
3,175.7 
Uncommitted 
35,357 
0.0 
353.6 
353.6 
0.70%
* 
* 
* 
Grand Total 
5,061,406 
9,371.9 
41,242.2 
50,614.1 
100.00
% 
5,940.6 255.6 
3,175.7

--- Page 142 ---
120
Sukuk Issued
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB's outstanding sukuk obligations are comprised of the 
following:  

U.S.$1,250 million trust certificates due 2022; 

U.S.$1,250 million trust certificates due 2022; 

EUR 300 million trust certificates due 2023; 

U.S.$1,250 million trust certificates due 2023; 

U.S.$1,300 million trust certificates due 2023; 

EUR 650 million trust certificates due 2023; 

U.S.$100 million trust certificates due 2023; 

CNY 1 billion trust certificate due 2023; 

£153 million trust certificates due 2023; 

EUR 300 million trust certificates due 2024; 

EUR 150 million trust certificates due 2024;  

EUR 50 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$1,500 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$100 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$100 million trust certificates due 2024; 

EUR 1 billion trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$250 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$400 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$75 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$1.5 billion trust certificates due 2024; 

MYR 350 million trust certificates due 2024; 

U.S.$1.5 billion trust certificates due 2025; 

U.S.$2 billion trust certificates due 2025; 

U.S.$550 million trust certificates due 2025;

--- Page 143 ---
121

U.S.$100 million trust certificates due 2025; 

U.S.$2.5 billion trust certificates due 2026; 

U.S.$1.8 billion trust certificates due 2026; 

EUR 450 million trust cerificates due 2026; 

EUR 300 million trust certificates due 2027; and 

£90 million trust certificates due 2029. 
Due to the overriding discipline imposed by Shari’a, the IsDB has built in mandatory business policies, 
accounting standards and policy defences to keep its balance sheet exposure within prudent limits while 
raising funds from the market. For example, Article 21 of the Articles of Agreement requires that the 
total amount of equity investments, amounts of loans outstanding and other ordinary operations of the 
IsDB-OCR do not exceed, at any time, the total amount of unimpaired subscribed share capital (being 
overdue called up capital, as set out above), reserves, deposits, other funds raised and surplus included 
in the IsDB-OCR. As at 31 December 2020, the debt / equity ratio was 164.2 per cent. and the equity / 
assets ratio was 37.3 per cent., each calculated as set out in "Presentation of Financial and Other 
InformationPresentation of Financial InformationPresentation of Alternative Performance 
Measures". The Board of Executive Directors approved an increase in the ceiling of debt to equity ratio 
from 125 per cent. to 175 per cent. in December 2017. 
As a multilateral institution, the IsDB is not obliged to comply with the requirements of the Basel 
Committee on Banking Supervision (the Basel Committee) nor of any other regulatory body. However, 
the IsDB develops and implements its own prudential financial and risk management policies, as 
approved by the Board of Executive Directors, which take into account international best practices. For 
example, the IsDB’s current capital adequacy framework in accordance with the Basel Committee and 
Islamic Financial Services Board capital adequacy standards. The IsDB’s asset and liability management 
framework is in accordance with the IsDB’s standards, industry best practices and applicable regulatory 
standards.

--- Page 144 ---
122
FINANCIAL OVERVIEW OF THE ISDB-OCR 
The following tables set out in summary form the financial position and income information relating to 
the IsDB-OCR. Such information (with the exception of the U.S. Dollar amounts) is derived from the 
2020 Financial Statements.  
The 2020 Financial Statements are prepared in accordance with the Financial Regulations of the IsDB 
(which provide, inter alia, that the unit of account should be the Islamic Dinar) and with the Financial 
Accounting Standards issued by the AAOIFI and the Shari’a rules and principles, as determined by the 
IsDB Group Shariah Board. For matters for which no AAOIFI standards exist, the IsDB-OCR seeks 
guidance from the relevant IFRS standard as to the extent that such standards do not contradict Shari’a 
rules and principles. For an explanation of the differences between AAOIFI and IFRS see "Summary of 
Significant Differences between the Financial Accounting Standards Issued by AAOIFI and IFRS". The 
2020 Financial Statements and the 2019 Financial Statements, together with the reports of Ernst & 
Young & Co. (Certified Public Accountants), KSA in respect of the year ended 31 December 2020 and 
the year ended 31 December 2019 and the accompanying notes, are incorporated by reference to this 
Base Prospectus. The financial information presented below should be read in conjunction with such 
financial statements, reports and the notes thereto.  
The 2020 Financial Statements were approved by the Board of Governors on 4 September 2021.

--- Page 145 ---
123
IsDB-OCR Statement of Financial Position data as at 31 December 2020 and 2019 
The following table (with the exception of the U.S.$ columns) is extracted from the 2020 Financial 
Statements, and shows the statement of financial position of the IsDB-OCR as at 31 December 2020 and 
31 December 2019. 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2019 
(ID 
thousands)
(U.S.$ 
thousands)
(ID 
thousands)
(U.S.$ 
thousands)
Cash and cash equivalents ..................... 
363,923
524,147 
854,174
1,181,177
Commodity murabaha placements ........ 
5,320,823
7,663,422 
4,424,022
6,117,670
Sukuk investments  ................................ 
1,466,183
2,111,699 
1,724,211
2,384,291
Murabaha financing ............................... 
325,892
469,372 
343,698
475,276
Treasury assets  ................................... 
7,476,821
10,768,641 
7,346,105
10,158,414
Istisna'a assets ........................................ 
7,955,365
11,457,874 
7,378,187
10,202,778
Restricted mudaraba .............................. 
732,834
1,055,479 
849,606
1,174,861
Instalment sale ....................................... 
2,225,787
3,205,734 
1,906,569
2,636,461
Ijarah assets ........................................... 
2,826,878
4,071,468 
2,845,652
3,935,053
Loans (Qard) ......................................... 
1,779,003
2,562,245 
1,781,830
2,463,968
Project assets ........................................ 
15,519,867
22,352,799 
14,761,844
20,413,121
Equity investments ................................ 
454,723
654,924 
541,130
748,291
Investment in associates ........................ 
728,904
1,049,819 
756,875
1,046,629
Other investments .................................. 
55,394
79,782 
55,161
76,278
Investment assets ................................. 
1,239,021
1,784,525 
1,353,166
1,871,199
Property, equipment and intangibles ..... 
53,754
77,420 
53,464
73,932
Other assets ........................................... 
132,474
190,798 
59,310
82,016
Total Assets .......................................... 
24,421,937
35,174,183 
23,573,889
32,598,681
Liabilities 
Sukuk issued .......................................... 
14,307,777
20,607,062 
12,181,904
16,845,502
Commodity murabaha liabilities ........... 
308,962
444,989 
1,613,652
2,231,406

--- Page 146 ---
124
Wakala due ............................................ 
347,221
500,092 
361,763
500,257
Other liabilities ...................................... 
343,416
494,612 
351,315
485,809
Total Liabilities .................................... 
15,307,376
22,046,754 
14,508,634
20,062,974
Members’ Equity 
Paid-up capital ....................................... 
5,940,601
8,556,069 
5,785,122
7,999,840
Reserves ................................................ 
3,057,744
4,403,977 
3,139,738
4,341,724
Net income for the year ......................... 
116,216
167,382 
140,395
194,142
Total Members’ Equity ....................... 
9,114,561
13,127,429 
9,065,255
12,535,707
Total Liabilities and Members’  
Equity ................................................... 
24,421,937
35,174,183 
23,573,889
32,598,681
Restricted Investment Accounts ......... 
78,190
112,615 
80,921
111,900
IsDB-OCR Income Statement data for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019
The following table (with the exception of the U.S.$ columns) is extracted from the 2020 Financial 
Statements, and shows the statement of income of the IsDB-OCR for the year ended 31 December 2020 
and for the year ended 31 December 2019. 
For the year ended 31 
December 2020 
For the year ended 31 
December 2019 
(ID 
thousands)
(U.S.$ 
thousands)
(ID 
thousands)
(U.S.$ 
thousands)
Income / (loss) from: 
Commodity murabaha placements ........ 
71,666
103,218 
108,017
149,369
Sukuk investments ................................. 
57,587
82,941 
60,095
83,101
Murabaha financing ............................... 
10,752
15,486 
13,037
18,028
Treasury assets .................................... 
140,005
201,645 
181,149
250,498
Istisna'a assets ........................................ 
260,822
375,654 
244,784
338,495
Restricted mudaraba .............................. 
25,160
36,237 
32,444
44,865
Instalment sale ....................................... 
71,097
102,399 
63,687
88,068
Ijarah assets, net of depreciation ............ 
68,346
98,437 
83,762
120,640
Loans (Qard) ......................................... 
9,658
13,910 
11,836
16,367

--- Page 147 ---
125
Project assets ........................................ 
435,083
626,637 
436,513
603,623
Equity investments ................................ 
8,148
11,735 
18,078
24,999
Loss from investment in associates ....... 
(10,560)
(15,209)
(29,418)
(40,680)
Income from other investments ............. 
1,173
1,689 
864
1,195
Investment assets ................................. 
(1,239)
(1,784)
(10,476)
(14,487)
Other income ......................................... 
6,661
9,594 
6,684
9,243
Foreign exchange losses ........................ 
(1,253)
(1,805)
(2,452)
(3,391)
Gains from swaps valuation .................. 
13,522
19,475 
10,365
14,333
Other income ....................................... 
18,930
27,264 
14,597
20,185
Total income ......................................... 
592,779
853,762 
621,783
859,820
Financing costs ...................................... 
(277,702)
(399,966)
(296,195)
(409,587)
Impairment charge ................................. 
(29,769)
(42,875)
(28,739)
(39,741)
Net income before operating  
expenses ................................................ 
285,308
410,921 
296,849
410,492
Administrative expenses........................ 
(163,145) 
(234,973)
(148,271)
(205,034)
Depreciation / amortization on property, 
equipment and intangibles ..................... 
(5,947)
(8,565)
(8,183)
(11,316)
Total operating expenses..................... 
(169,092)
(243,538) 
(156,454)
(216,349)
Net income for the year ....................... 
116,216
167,382 
140,395
194,142

--- Page 148 ---
126
Selected Ratios 
The following table sets out selected ratios in respect of the IsDB-OCR's financial performance as at and 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. The basis for calculation of ratios that 
are non-AAOIFI financial measures are set out in the notes below. 
31 December 
2020 
2019 
(%) 
Debt / equity1 ......................................................  
164.2
156.2
Assets / total liabilities2 .......................................  
159.5
162.5
Liquid assets / total liabilities3 ............................  
48.8
50.6
Liquid assets / short term liabilities4 ...................  
1,146.1
373.9
Equity / total liabilities5 .......................................  
59.5
62.5
Top five exposures / total gross loans6 ................  
34.1
36.0
Equity / assets7 ....................................................  
37.3
38.5
Notes: 
(1)  
Total debt of the IsDB-OCR divided by total members' equity of the IsDB-OCR. Total debt for these purposes comprises sukuk issued, 
Wakala due and commodity murabaha liabilities 
(2)  
Total assets of the IsDB-OCR divided by its total liabilities. 
(3)  
Liquid assets of the IsDB-OCR divided by its total liabilities. For these purposes, liquid assets comprise treasury assets which include 
cash and cash equivalents, commodity murabaha placements, sukuk investments and Murabaha financing. 
(4)  
Liquid assets of the IsDB-OCR divided by its short-term liabilities. For these purposes, short-term liabilities include commodity 
murabaha liabilities and other liabilities. 
(5)  
Total members' equity of the IsDB-OCR divided by the total liabilities of the IsDB-OCR. 
(6)  
Total top five countries outstanding exposure of the IsDB-OCR on its sovereign and non-sovereign project assets and Murabaha 
financing divided by total gross loans. Total gross loans for these purposes includes project assets (gross) plus Murabaha financing 
(gross).
(7)  
Total members' equity of the IsDB-OCR divided by the total assets of the IsDB-OCR. 
Financial Condition and Performance as at and for the Year Ended 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB-OCR's total assets stood at ID 24.4 billion (U.S.$35.1 billion) 
compared to ID 23.6 billion (U.S.$32.6 billion) as at 31 December 2019, representing an increase of 3.4 
per cent. The increase in total assets principally reflected growth in project and treasury assets during 
the year ended 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB-OCR's total liabilities stood at ID 15.3 billion (U.S.$22.0 billion) 
compared to ID 14.5 billion (U.S.$20.1 billion) as at 31 December 2019, representing an increase of 5.5 
per cent. The increase in total liabilities principally reflected an increase in sukuk issued during the year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB-OCR's total members' equity stood at ID 9.1 billion (U.S.$13.1 billion) 
compared to ID 9.1 billion (U.S.$12.6 billion) as at 31 December 2019.  
The IsDB-OCR's total income for the year ended 31 December 2020 was ID 592.8 million (U.S.$853.8 
million), compared to ID 621.8 million (U.S.$859.8 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
representing a decrease of 4.7 per cent. 
The IsDB-OCR's total operating expenses for the year ended 31 December 2020 were ID 169.1 million 
(U.S.$243.5 million), compared to ID 156.5 million (U.S.$216.4 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2019, representing an increase of 8.1 per cent. This increase was principally the result of a 
10.0 per cent. increase in administrative expenses during the year ended 31 December 2020.

--- Page 149 ---
127
The IsDB-OCR's net income for the year ended 31 December 2020 was ID 116.2 million (U.S.$167.4 
million), compared to ID 140.4 million (U.S.$194.1 million) for the year ended 31 December 2019, 
representing a decrease of 17.2 per cent. 
The decreases in the IsDB-OCR's total income and net income for the year were predominantly due to a 
decrease of 22.7 per cent. in income from treasury assets from ID 181.1 million (U.S.$250.4 million) for 
the year ended 31 December 2019 to ID 140.0 million (U.S.$201.6 million) for the year ended 31 
December 2020. This decrease in income from treasury assets was principally a result of: reduced money 
market rates across all major currencies in 2020 compared to 2019; and a proactive reduction in the 
average tenor of money market placements (from an average of 4.12 months in 2019 to 2.38 months 
during 2020) in order to minimise the IsDB-OCR's credit exposure and to meet its COVID-19 emergency 
response disbursements.  
Provisions for Impairment on Financial Assets 
The following table sets out the provisions made by the IsDB-OCR on its financial assets for the years 
ended 31 December 2020 and 2019. 
31 December 2020
31 December 2019
(ID 
thousand)
(U.S.$ 
thousand)
(ID 
thousand)
(U.S.$ 
thousand)
Balance at the beginning of the year .. 
371,733
535,396
388,318
536,978
Additional provision on adoption of 
new FAS 30 impairment rule ............. 
64,263
92,556
-
-
Write offs/ reversals ........................... 
(1,607)
(2,315)
(45,324)
(62,675)
Charge for the year ............................. 
29,769
42,875 
28,739
39,741
Balance at the end of the year ......... 
464,158
668,513
371,733
514,044
The impairment charge increased marginally from ID 28.7 million for the year ended 31 December 2019 
to ID 29.8 million for the year ended 31 December 2020. The increase in the impairment charge for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 was primarily attributable to changes in a number of Member Countries’ 
risk ratings. The ID 29.8 million impairment charge for the year ended 31 December 2020 comprises 
FAS30 provisions made on account of growth in project assets and remaining overdue payments from 
Member Countries subject to special circumstances (for example, Syria, Palestine and Yemen). In this 
context, "special circumstances" means that the relevant Member Country is experiencing political or 
social unrest, which is hampering or contributing to such Member Country's inability to meet its 
obligations to the IsDB. 
The IsDB-OCR's top five exposures represent 34.1 per cent. of its total outstanding exposures as at 31 
December 2020.

--- Page 150 ---
128
OPERATIONS OF THE ISDB GROUP 
Overview of the Operations of the IsDB Group 
The operations of the IsDB since inception in 1395H (1975) to 31 December 2020 can be divided into 
three broad categories, namely: 
1.
project and operations financing from IsDB-OCR operations, comprising approximately 35.3 
per cent. of the IsDB Group’s operations; 
2.
project and operations financing from funds and other entities, comprising approximately 3.5 
per cent. of the IsDB Group’s operations; 
3.
trade financing operations, comprising approximately 58.7 per cent. of the IsDB Group’s 
operations; 
4.
technical assistance operations, comprising approximately 1.4 per cent. of the IsDB Group's 
operations; and 
5.
special assistance operations under the Waqf Fund, comprising approximately 1.1 per cent. of 
the IsDB Group’s operations, 
each as at 31 December 2020. 
Financing may be provided by the IsDB itself through its IsDB-OCR or it may be provided through any 
of its special funds and trust funds named above. The IsDB carries out financing activities from its IsDB-
OCR through loans, leasing (Ijarah), investments in equity capital of companies, instalment sales, 
technical assistance, profit sharing Istisna’a (for further detail on the types of financing offered by the 
IsDB, see "Description of the IsDBTypes of Financing"), and lines of financing for national 
development financing institutions (NDFIs). The IsDB also provided trade finance to its Member 
Countries until the end of 1428H (2007). However, since 1 Muharram 1429H (10 January 2008) this 
activity has been undertaken by the ITFC. 
The special funds and trust funds are managed by the IsDB in accordance with the respective regulations 
establishing them. The IsDB maintains separate accounts for each of them as well as for its IsDB-OCR. 
Similarly, the Articles of Agreement prohibit the IsDB-OCR from financing the activities or charging 
losses or liabilities arising out of its special funds and trust funds to the IsDB-OCR. Although financing 
through the special funds and trust funds may be used to assist both Member Countries and, to a lesser 
extent, Muslim communities in non-Member Countries, IsDB-OCR financing is available to Member 
Countries only.  
The financing policies of the IsDB-OCR are governed by the Articles of Agreement (Article 16) which, 
inter alia, stipulate that, to safeguard its interests, the IsDB should ensure that the recipient of financing 
and its guarantor will be in a position to meet their obligations and that the financing promotes 
complementary aspects in the economies of Member Countries, promotes the well-being of people in 
the Member Countries and avoids a disproportionate use of the IsDB-OCR’s resources for the benefit of 
any one or more Member Countries. In the implementation of these policies, the IsDB applies a number 
of financing modes and takes into account the viability and feasibility of projects. 
Major Initiatives and Activities in 2020 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, the IsDB completed nine sukuk issuances under the 
Programme:

--- Page 151 ---
129

a listed issuance of EUR 300 million in January 2020 with a tenor of seven years; 

an unlisted issuance of U.S.$550 million in January 2020 with a tenor of five years; 

an unlisted issuance of CNY1 billion in February 2020 with a tenor of three years; 

a listed issuance of U.S.$2 billion in February 2020 with a tenor of five years; 

a listed issuance of GBP 90 million in May 2020 with a tenor of nine years; 

a listed issuance of U.S.$1.5 billion in June 2020 with a tenor of five years; 

an unlisted issuance of GBP 153 million in June 2020 with a tenor of three years; 

an unlisted issuance of U.S.$100 million in July 2020 with a tenor of five years; and 

an unlisted issuance of EUR 450 million in September 2020 with a tenor of six years. 
The IsDB Group approved 268 financing operations for a total of ID 4.8 billion (U.S.$6.9 billion) during 
the year ended 31 December 2020, which was a decline from the ID 5.7 billion (U.S.$7.9 billion) 
approved by the IsDB Group during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
The IsDB Group has continued to participate in the development of the financial services industry 
through various activities, which included investments in the equity capital of Islamic financial 
institutions, the financing of Awqaf (endowments) real estate and other projects. The IsDB Group has 
also provided technical assistance to member countries in the fields of Islamic banking, Takaful, Islamic 
microfinance, corporate governance, Awqaf, Zakat as well as legal, regulatory and supervisory issues 
related to Islamic banking. 
1. IsDB-OCR Operations 
Composition of the IsDB-OCR Financing Portfolio 
IsDB-OCR Financing Portfolio by Status of Member Countries 
The IsDB is committed to providing assistance to its 25 least developed Member Countries (LDMCs). 
The criteria used by the IsDB to identify LDMCs are analogous to that used by the United Nations in 
identifying least developed countries. In identifying least developed countries, the United Nations 
examines, amongst other things, a country’s gross national income per capita, the percentage of 
population undernourished, the mortality rate for children aged five years and under, the gross secondary 
school enrolment ratio, the adult literacy rate and economic vulnerability (which in turn involves the 
examination of, amongst other things, geographical remoteness to major world markets, population size, 
merchandise export concentration share of agriculture, forestry and fisheries in gross domestic product, 
homelessness owing to natural disasters instability of agricultural production and instability of exports 
of goods and services).

--- Page 152 ---
130
Region 
1396H (1976) to 31 December 2020 
(ID million) 
(U.S.$ 
million) 
(%) 
LDMC (25 Member Countries) (1) ........... 
         10,205.1
14,698.1
                27.7
Non-LDMC (32 Member Countries) (1)  
         25,971.1
37,405.4
                70.4
Others(2)  ............................................................... 
              698.3
           1,005.7                   1.9 
Total ...................................................................... 
36,874.5
53,109.2
100.0
Notes: 
(1) Number as at 31 December 2020. 
(2) Comprised of non-Member Countries and regional projects. 
As at 31 December 2020, 90.6 per cent. of all the IsDB-OCR's financing operations (being Murabaha 
financing, Istisna'a, restricted Mudaraba, Instalment sale, Ijarah and loans but excluding equity 
investments) were sovereign exposures, while the remainder are guaranteed by a relevant sovereign or 
banks acceptable to the IsDB. 
Approvals of the IsDB-OCR 
Total IsDB-OCR approvals for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to ID 1.1 billion (U.S.$1.6 
billion) for 32 operations.  
IsDB-OCR Net Approvals by Mode of Financing 
The table below sets out the IsDB-OCR net approvals for the period 2015 to 31 December 2020.  
Mode of Finance 
2015 - 31 December 2020 
(ID Million)
(U.S.$ Million)
Equity…………………………………. 
278.9 
                401.7
Instalment Sale………………………… 
           4,116.4
             5,928.7 
Istisna'a………………………………… 
           4,109.9
5,919.4
Leasing………………………………… 
1,631.9
2,350.4 
Loan…………………………………… 
652.5
939.8 
Mudaraba……………………………… 
               411.4
592.5
Technical Assistance…………………… 
0.0
0.0 
Total…………………………………… 
         11,201.0
          16,132.5 
IsDB-OCR Total Approvals by Region 
With respect to the share of total approvals by the IsDB-OCR received by various regions for the year 
ended 31 December 2020:  

African and Latin American countries received the majority share amounting to ID 399.9 million 
(U.S.$576.0 million) (35.0 per cent.);  

MENA and European countries received ID 245.5 million (U.S.$353.6 million) (21.5 per cent.); 
and  

Asian countries received ID 479.2 million (U.S.$690.2 million)  (42.0 per cent.) .  
By comparison, with respect to the year ended 31 December 2019:

--- Page 153 ---
131

African and Latin American countries received the majority share amounting to ID 590.4 million 
(U.S.$816.4 million)  (49.9 per cent.) ;  

MENA and European countries received ID 356.9 million (U.S.$493.5 million) (30.3 per cent.) 
; and  

Asian countries received ID 231.5 million (U.S.$320.1 million) (19.5 per cent.).  
IsDB-OCR Total Approvals by Sector 
With respect to the share of total approvals by the IsDB-OCR received by various sectors for the year 
ended 31 December 2020:  

health and other social services accounted for the largest share of the total approvals by the 
IsDB-OCR, amounting to 29.1 per cent. or ID 332.0 million (U.S.$478.2 million) of the total 
approvals of ID 1.1 billion (U.S.$1.6 billion);  

transportation accounted for 27.1 per cent. of total approvals and amounted to ID 309.5 million 
(U.S.$445.8 million);  

energy accounted for 17.4 per cent. of the total approvals and amounted to ID 198.9 million 
(U.S.$286.5 million);  

agriculture accounted for 12.9 per cent. of the total approvals and amounted to ID 147.4 million 
(U.S.$212.3 million); 

finance accounted for 8.7 per cent. of the total approvals and amounted to ID 99.7 million 
(U.S.$143.6 million); 

water, sanitation and urban services accounted for 2.5 per cent. of the total approvals and 
amounted to ID 29.0 million (U.S.$41.8 million); and 

education accounted for 2.2 per cent. of the total approvals and amounted to ID 25.4 million 
(U.S.$36.6 million). 
2022 Operations Plan 
Under the '2022 Operations Plan' (which provides the yearly financing plan for new project approvals), 
IsDB has planned to approve U.S.$3 billion worth of new financing from IsDB-OCR. The majority of 
this financing, U.S.$2.75 billion, is expected to be in the form of Ordinary Financing, while the balance 
of U.S.$250 million is expected to be in the form of concessional loans. 
IsDB-OCR Disbursements and Repayments 
The total disbursements made by IsDB-OCR during the year ended 31 December 2020 were ID 1.8 
billion (U.S.$2.6 billion) compared to ID 2.0 billion (U.S.$2.8 billion) during the year ended 31 
December 2019. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the repayments totalled ID 1.3 billion 
(U.S.$1.9 billion) compared to ID 1.3 billion (U.S.$1.8 billion) during the year ended 31 December 
2019. Between 1976 and 31 December 2020, IsDB-OCR disbursements totalled ID 23.9 billion 
(U.S.$34.4 billion) while repayments totalled ID 13.1 billion (U.S.$18.9 billion), resulting in net 
resource transfer of ID 10.8 billion (U.S.$15.6 billion)

--- Page 154 ---
132
Covid-19 
The coronavirus known as Covid-19 was first identified in Wuhan, Hubei Province, China in late 2020. 
In response to the highly contagious and sometimes fatal Covid-19 infecting thousands of people in 
China, the Chinese government imposed travel restrictions and quarantines to help control its spread. 
While the spread of Covid-19 slowed in China, it spread to many countries around the world. In March 
2020, the United States, certain EU countries and countries in the Middle East began imposing travel 
restrictions, as well as other restrictions on the activities of their residents and citizens, which aim to 
reduce in-person interactions. These measures, which were designed to slow the spread of Covid-19, 
significantly reduced economic activity in Member Countries. Although such restrictions are beginning 
to be eased globally (including in many member countries of the IsDB), it is currently unclear how long 
these restrictions will be in place and what their ultimate impact will be on global and local economies, 
as well as global and local banking industries. 
In response to the Covid-19 impact on their domestic economies, various central banks had cut interest 
rates. Specifically, on 3 March 2020, the U.S. Federal Reserve cut its target range for the federal funds 
rate from 1.50 to 1.75 per cent. to 1.00 to 1.25 per cent. and, on 16 March 2020, it was cut further to 0 
to 0.25 per cent. On 11 March 2020, the Bank of England cut its base rate from 0.75 per cent. to 0.25 per 
cent. and, on 19 March 2020, further cut its base rate to 0.10 per cent. While the European Central Bank 
did not cut its base rate, in March 2020, it announced a stimulus package to support the Euro area 
financial system. In addition, the KSA implemented a number of significant fiscal stimulus measures to 
support the domestic economy, including for the banking industry, SMEs and other private sector 
businesses. However, central banks have now begun to increase interest rates as the world continues to 
recover from the Covid-19 pandemic. 
With respect to Covid-19, the IsDB is following the recommendations of local health authorities. 
However, the scale and scope of this pandemic is unknown and the duration of the business disruption 
and related financial impact cannot be reasonably estimated at this time. While the IsDB has 
implemented specific business continuity plans to reduce the potential impact of Covid-19, there is no 
guarantee that the IsDB's continuity plans will be successful. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB has not seen a material adverse impact on its business 
or financial condition as a result of the Covid-19 crisis. Nevertheless, the extent to which Covid-19 or 
any other health epidemic may impact the IsDB's business, financial condition, results of operations, 
prospects and/or reputation will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot 
be predicted, including the emergence of new variants of Covid-19. Slow national economic 
development and further sporadic volatility in the global markets could adversely affect the economies 
of many Member Countries and consequently impact the business or financial condition of the IsDB. 
The rapid development and fluidity of this situation precludes any prediction as to the ultimate impact 
of Covid-19. 
The IsDB has been involved in a broad range of initiatives relating to Covid-19, which include the Board 
of Executive Directors' decision in April 2020 to allocate U.S.$2.3 billion towards the IsDB Group's 
Strategic Preparedness and Response Programme for the Covid-19 pandemic (the Covid-19 Strategic 
Preparedness and Response Programme). As at 5 January 2022, the allocation had more than doubled to 
U.S.$4.7 billion. The IsDB-OCR's participation in the Covid-19 Strategic Preparedness and Response 
Programme started with U.S.$1.5 billion in April 2020 and has since grown to U.S.$2.1 billion (as of 5 
January 2022). Through the provision of financial assistance and technical expertise, the Covid-19 
Strategic Preparedness and Response Programme aims to support Member Countries’ efforts to prevent, 
contain, mitigate and recover from the impact of the Covid-19 pandemic. The IsDB has also launched 
the Covid-19 guarantee facility, an innovative U.S.$2 billion vehicle designed to help the private sector 
combat the pandemic and facilitate cross-border foreign and local investments to support vital industries.

--- Page 155 ---
133
On 25 June 2020, the IsDB issued U.S.$1.5 billion trust certificates due 2025 to finance or refinance 
eligible Social Projects in accordance with the IsDB's Sustainable Finance Framework. This transaction 
represented the first Covid-19 response sukuk in the world. 
The IsDB may use proceeds from the issuance of Trust Certificates under the Programme to finance or 
refinance eligible projects in accordance with its Sustainable Finance Framework, which may include 
projects falling under the Covid-19 Strategic Preparedness and Response Programme.

--- Page 156 ---
134
2. Activities of the IsDB Group's Entities and Other Funds 
IsDB Group Entities 
International Islamic Trade Finance Corporation 
The ITFC was established as an autonomous entity within the IsDB Group in Jumad Awwal 1426H 
(June 2005). As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB held 35.7 per cent. of the paid-up capital of ITFC. 
The primary objective of ITFC is to facilitate intra-trade among OIC member countries using Shari’a 
compliant instruments. ITFC is mandated to mobilise funds from the market to complement its financing 
requirements and to manage dedicated funds with contributions from Member Countries. 
As at 31 December 2020, ITFC had authorised capital of U.S.$3 billion and issued capital of U.S.$857.2 
million. ITFC commenced its operations on 1 Muharram 1429H (10 January 2008).
Islamic Corporation for the Development of the Private Sector 
The ICD was established in 1420H (1999) as an independent entity within the IsDB Group and has been 
operational since 6 Rabi Thani 1421H (8 July 2000). As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB held 43.2 per 
cent. of the paid-up capital of ICD. The remainder of the ICD capital is held by Member Countries and 
public financial institutions in Member Countries. 
ICD’s vision is to be the premier Islamic multilateral financial institution for the development of the 
private sector. It envisions national development and aims to economically empower the citizens of its 
member countries. ICD's focus is to develop the private sector in its member countries by spurring 
socioeconomic development and helping member countries transition to the next stage of development. 
As at 31 December 2020, the authorised capital of ICD was U.S.$4.0 billion and the total paid up capital 
of ICD stood at U.S.$1.57 billion. 
The Islamic Development Bank Institute (IsDBi) - formerly known as The Islamic Research and Training 
Institute 
The IsDBi (formerly IRTI) was established in 1401H (1981) to help the IsDB in discharging its functions 
in the fields of research and training. According to its statute, the objectives of IsDBi are to undertake 
research and provide training and information services to Member Countries and Muslim communities 
in non-Member Countries to help bring their economic, financial and banking activities into conformity 
with Shari’a and to further accelerate economic development and enhance cooperation amongst them. 
The IsDBi  is funded from the Waqf Fund which is managed by the IsDB as Mudarib. 
IRTI was replaced by the Islamic Development Bank Institute (IsDBi) after adoption of its statute by the 
Board of Executive Directors on 12/09/1442H (24 September 2021). The purpose of IsDBi is to “serve 
as the knowledge beacon of the group, with the mandate to lead the development of innovative 
knowledge-based solutions to support the sustainable economic advancement of Member Countries and 
Muslim communities worldwide, guided by the principles of Islamic economics and finance.” 
Islamic Corporation for the Insurance of Investment and Export Credit 
The ICIEC was established in 1415H (1994G) with the objective of encouraging exports from Member 
Countries and facilitating the flow of foreign direct investment to Member Countries by providing 
Shari’a-compliant export credit and investment insurance as credit and political risk mitigation 
instruments.

--- Page 157 ---
135
As at 31 December 2020, the authorised capital of ICIEC is ID 400.0 million (U.S.$576.1 million). As 
at 31 December 2020, the subscribed capital of ICIEC stood at ID 295.8 million (U.S.$426.1 million). 
The IsDB has subscribed to 150,004 shares of ICIEC having an initial subscription value of ID 150.4 
million (U.S.$216.6 million), while 47 Member Countries have, in the aggregate, subscribed to 145,954 
shares, having an initial subscription value of ID 145.9 million (U.S.$210.2 million) as at 31 December 
2020. 
During the year ended 31 December 2020, ICIEC’s insurance business decreased by 10.1 per cent. to 
reach ID 6.8 billion (U.S.$9.8 billion) from ID7.8 billion (U.S.$10.9 billion) in 2019, while its new 
commitments amounted to a total of ID 2.7 billion (U.S.$3.9 billion) during the year ended 31 December 
2020, representing a decrease of 18.8 per cent from ID 3.4 billion (U.S.$ 4.8 billion) in 2019. 
Other Funds 
Islamic Solidarity Fund for Development 
The ISFD is an outcome of the Third Extraordinary Summit of the OIC, held in Makkah Al-Mukarramah, 
KSA, in Dhul Qadah 1426H (December 2005). The establishment of this fund was formalised at the 31st 
annual meeting of the Board of Governors held in Kuwait in Rabi al-Thani 1427H (May 2006) and was 
launched as a Waqf during the 32nd annual meeting of the Board of Governors held in Dakar, Senegal, 
in Rabi al-Thani 1427H (May 2007). The ISFD's targeted level of endowment is U.S.$10 billion. The 
ISFD has been established within the IsDB on the basis of voluntary contributions by all Member 
Countries, irrespective of their development status. The purpose of the fund is to help to alleviate poverty, 
enhance development, eliminate illiteracy and eradicate disease and epidemics in the OIC member states. 
ISFD formally began its operations on 1 Muharram 1429H (10 January 2008). 
IDB Infrastructure Fund 2 
IIF2 was established in 1435H (2014) as the successor of the IDB Infrastructure Fund 1. The Manager 
of IIF2 is ASMA Capital Partners, an asset management firm licensed and regulated by the Central Bank 
of Bahrain. The Objective of IIF2 is to provide capital appreciation through equity and quasi-equity 
investments in infrastructure related projects in the GCC, ASEAN, MENA, and CIS Regions, with a 
focus on IsDB Member Countries. 
IIF2's investment strategy targets primarily the power, energy, transportation, telecommunications, 
natural resources, waste & water, healthcare and education sectors. 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB’s commitment represented 26.67 per cent. of the IIF2's total 
commitments and holds a 20 per cent. stake in ASMA Capital Partners. 
The term of IIF2 will end in 2024 with the possibility of the extension for an additional 2 years. 
IIF2 is currently under the investment period and the investors commitments are in progressive 
deployment. 
The Waqf Fund 
The Waqf Fund was established on 1 Muharram 1418H (8 May 1997). The Waqf Fund primarily caters 
to the development needs of the Muslim communities and organisations in non-Member Countries and 
LDMCs with particular emphasis on social sector development. The Waqf Fund derives its income from 
returns on cash, cash equivalents and fixed deposits, funds under management with external fund 
managers and other managed investments, investments in Murabaha and other funds.

--- Page 158 ---
136
As per the regulations of the Waqf Fund, a certain percentage of the total income of the Waqf Fund and 
the same percentage of the banking return from the IsDB’s investments in the international market are 
allocated to the resources of the Waqf Fund every year until the principal amount reaches ID1 billion. 
The income of the Waqf Fund must be utilised as follows: 
Principal amount of the Waqf Fund: 15 per cent. 
Special Assistance Programmes: 
65 per cent. 
Special Account for LDMC's:  
20 per cent.  
The principal amount of the Waqf Fund (and 15 per cent. of the annual income of the Waqf Fund) can 
be invested for a longer term to maximise returns. Only 85 per cent. of the income are utilised to finance 
various programmes under the Waqf Fund and can be kept in cash and in very short-term placements. 
The IsDB has been granted permission by the Fiqh Academy to use the net proceeds earned on these 
investments to finance projects in the Muslim communities in non-Member Countries. The Waqf Fund 
is also used to provide assistance with health and education, training and research, natural disaster relief 
within Member Countries and Muslim communities in non-Member Countries.  
In the year ended 31 December 2020, the total net assets of the Waqf Fund amounted to U.S.$819.3 
million compared with U.S.$865.1 million for the year ended 31 December 2019.  
The World Waqf Foundation 
The WWF was established by the IsDB in 1422H (2001) in collaboration with Waqf organisations, 
governmental organisations, non-governmental organisations and philanthropists from the private sector. 
The objectives of the WWF are to promote Awqaf to contribute to the cultural, social and economic 
development of Member Countries and Muslim communities, and to alleviate poverty, as well as 
extending technical assistance to Waqf organisations with expertise and coordination, and support their 
projects, programmes and activities in the educational, health, social, and cultural fields. 
The Awqaf Properties Investment Fund 
The APIF was established on 10th Dhul Qadah 1421H (4 February 2001) and began operations on 1st 
Rajab 1422H (19 September 2001). APIF aims to develop idle Waqf lands and renovate existing Waqf 
buildings, thereby transforming them into income generating assets. Recently, APIF has also started 
financing the purchase of existing buildings in order to convert them into new Waqf properties. The 
income generated from APIF projects is used by the Waqf and by charitable organizations to finance and 
support their activities in the social and charitable fields in favour of the poor, as well as in the religious 
and cultural fields. 
As at 31 December 2020, the capital of the APIF was U.S.$98.57 million funded by 17 participants, 
which are mainly Awqaf organisations and Islamic banks including the IsDB. In addition, the IsDB has 
provided a line of financing of U.S.$100 million to APIF to support its activities. Since its inception to 
31 December 2020, APIF has approved 57 projects (total value of U.S.$1.22 billion) spread in 29 
Member Countries and non-Member Countries. These approvals comprised 42 projects having total 
value of U.S.$838 million for 19 Member Countries and 15 projects having total value of U.S.$378 
million for 10 non-Member Countries. In terms of modes of financing, 30 projects were approved by 
way of leasing, 18 projects under Istisna’a, two projects through Murabaha, one through build-operate-
transfer (BOT), one through forward leasing, one through instalment sale, one through equity, one 
through line of financing and two through other mode of financing.

--- Page 159 ---
137
Science, Technology and Innovation Fund 
The IsDB-STIF was established in July 2017 with an initial capital of $500 million. It aims to support 
Member Countries in finding practical solutions to their key development challenges through the power 
of innovation and to facilitate the commercialisation of technology, promote joint activities among 
member countries, research institutions and ensure the development of entrepreneurship. 
It is anticipated that 70 per cent. of the IsDB-STIF will be maintained as a Waqf (the IsDB-STIF Waqf). 
The remaining 30 per cent. and any income from the IsDB STIF Waqf will be used to provide financing 
for operations, programmes, projects and any other activities aimed at achieving the objectives of the 
STIF. 
The IsDB-STIF supports four categories: (i) new ideas with proof of concept; (ii) scaling up of innovative 
projects; (iii) commercialisation of technology; and (iv) capacity building in science, technology and 
innovation. 
The International Centre for Biosaline Agriculture 
The IsDB, in partnership with the UAE, established in 1420H (1999) the ICBA, a non-profit agricultural 
research and development organisation with an international focus. Based in Dubai, ICBA's mission is 
to harness saline and marginal quality waters for irrigation purposes. Reclaiming these marginal waters 
could ultimately contribute to relieving demand for scarce freshwater resources in Member Countries. 
In 1431H (2010), following the handover of ICBA by the UAE, the IsDB and UAE launched a new 
partnership aimed at jointly supporting ICBA and its programmes over the five year period ended 1435H 
(2014). The programme was initially extended for five years to 1440H (2019), and has been extended 
further for another five years to 2024.  
Sacrificial Meat Utilisation Project of Saudi Arabia 
The IsDB acts as an execution agency for the government of the KSA in implementing the Adahi Project. 
The project, which is managed by the IsDB, lies outside the normal range of operations. The government 
of the KSA signed a memorandum of understanding with the IsDB on 29 Dhul Qadah 1409H (3 July 
1989) to implement the project, which serves Hajj pilgrims by performing sacrificial slaughter and 
related services on their behalf. The meat is distributed to the needy and the poor in Member Countries 
and to Muslim communities in non-Member Countries. The IsDB has been involved in the Adahi Project 
since 1403H (1983). 
3. Trade Financing Operations 
The IsDB’s trade financing programme used to be implemented primarily through: 

Import Trade Financing Operations (ITFO); 

Export Financing Scheme (EFS); 

the Islamic Banks’ Portfolio (IBP); and 

to a certain extent, the UIF.  
The IsDB also managed a special exports scheme in co-operation with the Arab Bank for Economic 
Development in Africa (BADEA) and has implemented a trade cooperation and promotion programme 
(TCPP) among Member Countries. While ITFO and the EFS were exclusively linked with trade 
financing, the IBP and the UIF were also involved in project financing activities.

--- Page 160 ---
138
Most trade operations were typically secured by way of government or commercial bank guarantees, 
however, when dealing with large financially viable companies with good credit standing in the 
respective Member Countries, direct corporate exposure was also accepted. The amount of financing 
against corporate exposure was limited to a maximum of 30 per cent. of total approvals under trade for 
any given year.  
As of 1 Muharram 1429H (10 January 2008) all trade finance operations are being undertaken by the 
ITFC. During the year ended 31 December 2020, the ITFC approved U.S.$4.72 billion in trade financing, 
compared to U.S.$5.84 billion during the year ended 31 December 2019. 
With a view to consolidate all the trade financing activities of the IsDB Group, the EFS was dissolved 
and the participants thereof were given shares in ITFC in proportion to their entitlement to the assets of 
EFS. The IBP was liquidated and participants of IBP who opted to quit were paid their entitlement to the 
assets of IBP. Participants who agreed to become shareholders in ITFC were given shares in proportion 
to their entitlement of the assets of IBP. Moreover, the BADEA Export Finance Scheme (BEFS) was 
transferred for management by ITFC as a Mudarib. To complement the resources of ITFC, the IsDB-
OCR also committed to place up to U.S.$1 billion with ITFC to be utilised under a Mudaraba agreement 
for its trade financing operations.  
TYPES OF FINANCING 
The IsDB’s three major modes of financing: leasing, instalment sales and Istisna’a generally have a 
maximum exposure limit of ID 150 million per project for the purpose of financing development and 
infrastructure projects.  
A brief description of the IsDB’s different modes of financing is given below.  
Ordinary Financing 
The IsDB provides the following ordinary financing (Ordinary Financing) for up to 20 years.  
Leasing 
Leasing is used by the IsDB to provide medium to long-term financing for capital equipment and other 
fixed assets. The IsDB uses this type of financing primarily for middle and higher income Member 
Countries and may be offered to both public and private sector entities of such Member Countries. 
Following a development period necessary for preparing the assets for operations, the assets are leased 
by the IsDB to the beneficiary for a certain period of time during which the latter pays rents (usually 
biannually). Rents are denominated in ID and ID basket currencies (currently limited to U.S. Dollars and 
euro) and must be guaranteed (usually by the relevant Member Country's government, governmental 
agencies or a commercial bank with an acceptable credit quality) as a condition of the IsDB providing 
financing. At the end of the rental period, ownership of the assets is transferred to the beneficiary. The 
leased assets are insured during the period of the lease.  
Istisna'a 
The IsDB uses the mode of Istisna’a as a form of medium and long-term financing with a view to 
promoting infrastructure projects and trade in capital goods within and among Member Countries. 
Istisna'a is a contract whereby the IsDB undertakes to have specific assets built according to certain 
specifications requested by the beneficiary and to sell those assets to the beneficiary at a determined 
price to be paid over an agreed period. The beneficiary is also typically required to provide a guarantee

--- Page 161 ---
139
of repayment (usually by the relevant Member Country's government, governmental agencies or a 
commercial bank of recognised international standing) as a condition of the IsDB providing financing. 
Instalment Sales 
Through the use of instalment sales, the IsDB provides medium to long-term financing to private or 
public sector institutions. Typically, the IsDB will procure, purchase and on-sell equipment to the 
beneficiary at a mark-up, allowing the beneficiary to make the payment on a deferred basis. 
Payment, however, must be guaranteed (usually by the relevant Member Country's government, 
governmental agencies or a commercial bank with an acceptable credit quality) as a condition to the 
IsDB providing financing. Ownership of the relevant property is transferred to the beneficiary on 
delivery. 
Services Ijarah 
Services Ijarah is used by the IsDB to provide medium and long-term financing to finance intangible 
assets (for example, services for operations and maintenance).  
Restricted Mudaraba 
Restricted Mudaraba is based on the profit-sharing and loss-bearing Mudaraba contract where profits are 
shared between the parties based on the terms of the Mudaraba agreement. IsDB as a Rab al Maal 
provides capital under a line of financing facility to a Mudarib who invests this capital based on 
prescribed investment criteria such as sector, commercial terms and security package. IsDB also obtains 
a third party sovereign guarantee covering the investment risk in addition to the underlying projects’ 
security package. Restricted Mudaraba contracts are stated at the amount of disbursements made, less 
impairment (if any). 
Concessional Financing 
The IsDB provides the following concessional financing (Concessional Financing). 
Interest-Free Loan (Qard-Hassan) 
The IsDB provides interest-free loans for the purpose of financing development and infrastructure 
projects. These loans represent a form of long-term financing by the IsDB (from 15 to 30 years including 
a grace period of 3 to 10 years). The IsDB’s loans are usually extended to government and public sector 
institutions, with the relevant Member Country's government providing a guarantee of repayment in 
circumstances where the loan is provided to a public sector company. All loans made by the IsDB are 
offered free of interest and on concessional terms. The IsDB funds its loan operations not only from 
IsDB-OCR but also from the ISFD. The IsDB charges a small service fee during the implementation 
period of the project to cover the administrative expenses incurred by it in providing the loan. 
Technical Assistance
Technical assistance is used for hiring consultants to prepare, supervise and implement projects or carry 
out feasibility studies. In addition, it may also be used to support the capacity building activities in the 
Member Countries. The financing extended by the IsDB may take the form of either a grant of up to 
ID200,000 or an interest-free loan payable over 15 years. The IsDB charges a service fee up to an amount 
not exceeding 1.5 per cent. per annum of the face amount of the loan during the period of implementation 
or disbursement to partially cover administrative expenses in connection with the provision of such

--- Page 162 ---
140
financing. The IsDB funds its technical assistance financing from IsDB-OCR's income and income from 
the Waqf Fund.  
LDMCs are given priority by the IsDB in connection with the distribution of grants for technical 
assistance. This is especially so for agriculture and infrastructure projects in those countries. 
Special Assistance 
The special assistance programme (currently known as Communities Outreach Programme and 
previously known as Special Assistance Division) aims to contribute to socio-economic development of 
Muslim communities in non-member countries, with a focus on social projects such as education, health, 
women empowerment, vocational schools, enterpreneurship and capacity building. The IsDB funds its 
Communities Outreach Programme from IsDB-OCR's income and income from the Waqf Fund. The use 
of special assistance/Communities Outreach grants has been effective in enabling Muslim communities 
in non-Member Countries to be productive citizens in their countries, encouraging more inclusive 
growth. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Communities Outreach program has financed 1741 
operations and programmes since inception with total approvals of up to U.S.$ 856.2  million. These 
operations are located in 84 countries in 8 geographical sub-regions in non-Member Countries 
globally. The IsDB approved U.S.$2  million financing for 13 projects in 9 countries under the 
Communities Outreach programme in 2021, which comprised U.S.$2 million from the Waqf Fund. 
Equity
The IsDB-OCR makes equity investments in Shari’a compliant industrial and agro-industrial projects 
and Islamic banks and financial institutions of Member Countries. In accordance with the Articles of 
Agreement, the IsDB should not acquire majority or controlling interest in the share capital of a 
company. Investments in equity capital by the IsDB-OCR are made to maximise its developmental 
objectives and are sold at a time when the IsDB considers it appropriate. 
The IsDB-OCR's equity portfolio comprises the following categories of investments: 
Quoted investments recognised at fair value: 
Investments designated at fair value through equity are represented by quoted investments in equities. 
These investments are intended to be held for a long-term period and may be sold in response to liquidity 
needs or changes in market prices. Initially and subsequently such investments are measured at fair 
market value, and any unrealized gains or losses arising from the change in their fair values are 
recognized directly in the fair value reserve under members’ equity until the investment is derecognized, 
at which time the cumulative gain or loss previously recorded under the members’ equity is recognized 
in the income statement. 
Unlisted investments in equities and funds measured at fair value through equity  
Unlisted investments in equities and funds are carried at fair values, which are determined by 
independent valuers in case of unlisted equities and on the basis of net asset values in case of investment 
in funds. Fair value gains or losses are reported in fair value reserve in equity. If there is objective 
evidence that an impairment loss has been incurred, the amount of impairment is measured as the 
difference between the carrying amount of investment and its expected recoverable amount. Impairment 
losses recognised in income statement are reversed through statement of changes in members’ equity. 
After the initial designation, the Bank shall not reclassify investments in equity-type securities into or 
out of the fair value through its statement of changes in members' equity category.

--- Page 163 ---
141
Investments in associates 
In accordance with the Articles of Agreement, Articles 17.2 and 17.5 "The Bank shall not acquire a 
majority or controlling interest in the share capital of the project in which it participates except when it 
is necessary to protect the Bank’s interest or to ensure the success of such project or enterprise" and "The 
Bank shall not assume responsibility for managing any project or enterprise in which it has invested 
except when necessary to safeguard its investment".  
Consequently, the IsDB-OCR does not exercise control over any of its investments regardless of 
percentage of voting rights. For investments in which the IsDB-OCR holds 20 per cent. or more of the 
voting rights the IsDB-OCR is presumed to have significant influence and hence such investments are 
accounted for and classified as investments in associates.  
The IsDB-OCR’s share of its associates’ post-acquisition profits or losses is recognised in the income 
statement; its share of post-acquisition movements in reserves is recognised in equity. 
The total value of the equity portfolio of the IsDB-OCR, which includes equity investments and 
investment in associates, as at 31 December 2020 amounted to ID 1,183.6 million (U.S.$ 1,704.7 million) 
compared to ID 1,298.0 million (U.S.$1,794.9 million) as at 31 December 2019. 
Combined Line of Financing 
The IsDB extends combined lines of financing to NDFIs and Islamic banks primarily in order to promote 
growth and development among small and medium scale industries in the private sector. The combined 
lines of financing extended comprise leasing, instalment sale and Istisna’a or a combination of these 
modes of financing. 
Under this mode of medium-term financing, the IsDB approves a line of financing for a fixed amount 
which an NDFI relies on to, in turn, approve and finance individual projects by making a draw down on 
the line of finance. Repayments are typically guaranteed (usually by the NDFI itself or, in rare cases, by 
a commercial bank with a credit quality acceptable to the IsDB, such credit quality determined in 
accordance with the IsDB’s rules and regulations) as a condition of the IsDB providing the financing. 
The IsDB is also involved in providing co-financing arrangements with other financial institutions. 
SUSTAINABLE FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
From time to time and pursuant to the Programme, the Trustee intends to issue trust certificates whose 
net proceeds would be used to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of eligible green 
projects (such projects being Green Projects and such trust certificates being green trust certificates) 
or a combination of both Green Projects and eligible social projects (such projects being Social Projects 
and such trust certificates being sustainable trust certificates). Eligible categories for Green Projects 
and Social Projects are set out in IsDB's sustainable finance framework (the Sustainable Finance 
Framework). In relation to any issue of sustainable trust certificates, the IsDB will endeavour to allocate 
the proceeds to a mix of both Green Projects and Social Projects. However, in the event that the IsDB 
only has Social Projects available for allocation of the proceeds, any such trust certificates shall still be 
classified as a sustainable trust certificates. On an annual basis, the IsDB will publish an allocation and 
impact report in respect of its Green Projects and Social Projects portfolios. For the avoidance of doubt, 
finance provided to any business or project that is not eligible under the criteria that will be set out in the 
Sustainable Finance Framework will not be considered as the use of proceeds of a green trust certificate 
or a sustainable trust certificate.

--- Page 164 ---
142
The IsDB has broadly defined the eligible categories of Green Projects and Social Projects in accordance 
with the "Green Bond Principles 2018" and "Social Bond Principles 2018" promulgated by the 
International Capital Market Association.  
Green Projects categories include: 

renewable energy; 

clean transportation; 

energy efficiency; 

pollution prevention and control; 

environmentally sustainable management of natural living resources and land use; and 

sustainable water and wastewater management. 
Social Project categories include: 

employment generation / small and medium enterprise financing; 

affordable housing; 

affordable basic infrastructure; 

access to essential services; and 

socioeconomic advancement and empowerment. 
Up to 100 per cent. of the proceeds of any green trust certificates or sustainable trust certificates issue 
may be applied to refinance existing Green Projects or Social Projects (as applicable) within the eligible 
categories listed in the Sustainable Finance Framework. Where any portion of the proceeds of a green 
trust certificates or sustainable trust certificates issue has not been applied to finance Green Projects 
and/or Social Projects within such eligible categories, proceeds may be deployed according to the IsDB's 
general funding requirements. The proceeds of any green trust certificates or sustainable trust certificates 
issue may be applied globally without geographical restriction. 
The IsDB has appointed CICERO – Shades of Green (CICERO) to provide an external review of the 
IsDB's Sustainable Finance Framework. Both the Sustainable Finance Framework and CICERO's review 
report will be published on the IsDB's website at the following address: https://www.isdb.org/what-we-
do/investor-relations.  
LITIGATION 
Historically, the IsDB has not had any significant litigation or arbitration proceedings. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the IsDB is involved in two claims which the management of the IsDB do not 
believe will have a material adverse impact upon the IsDB’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations or prospects and it is not aware of any pending or threatened litigation or arbitration.  
ISDB GROUP ADMINISTRATIVE TRIBUNAL

--- Page 165 ---
143
The Board of Executive Directors approved in June 2020, in its capacity as board of IsDB and ICIEC, 
the establishment of the IsDB Group Administrative Tribunal which was endorsed in September 2020 
by the respective boards of directors of ICD and ITFC. The Board of Executive Directors appointed the 
judges in February 2021 and the tribunal has become operational after its inaugural meeting held in 
February 2022.  
The IsDB Group Administrative Tribunal is competent to hear applications alleging non-observance, in 
substance or in form, of the contract of employment or the terms of appointment of IsDB Group staff 
members. The decisions of the IsDB Group Administrative Tribunal are final and binding.  
The Executive Secretariat is headed by the Executive Secretary/Registrar of the tribunal who will oversee 
the unit. He or she administratively reports to the General Counsel and functionally to the chairman of 
the tribunal.   
ORGANISATION AND MANAGEMENT 
Organisational Structure 
The following diagram sets out the management structure of the IsDB as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Board of Governors 
All the powers of the IsDB are vested in the Board of Governors. According to the IsDB’s Articles of 
Agreement, each Member Country is represented on the Board of Governors and appoints one Governor 
(Governor) and one Alternate Governor (Alternate Governor). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the IsDB’s membership stood at 57 Member Countries represented by 57 Governors on the Board of 
Governors along with an equal number of Alternate Governors. Each Member Country has five hundred 
basic votes plus one vote for every share subscribed to the IsDB. Generally, decisions are taken by the 
Board of Governors based on a majority of the voting power represented in a meeting for which a quorum 
is present. The Board of Governors meets once every year to review the activities of the IsDB for the 
previous year and to decide future policies. The Board of Governors designates a chairman at each annual 
meeting. The chairman of the Board of Governors holds the chairman seat until his successor is elected 
at the next meeting of the Board of Governors.

--- Page 166 ---
144
The Board of Governors is the highest authority at the IsDB and may delegate the exercise of certain 
powers to the Board of Executive Directors. Some of the powers that the Board of Governors cannot 
delegate under the Articles of Agreement include: admission or suspension of Member Countries, 
changes in the authorised capital stock, election of the President and the Executive Directors (defined 
below) and determining their terms of service, approving the auditor's report and financial statements, 
as well as determining the reserve and distribution of net income. Pursuant to the Articles of Agreement, 
the Board of Governors may also adopt such rules and regulations and establish such subsidiary 
institutions as may be necessary to conduct the business of the IsDB. The Board of Executive Directors 
may request that the Board of Governors meet prior to its usual annual meeting.  
Board of Executive Directors 
The Board of Executive Directors is responsible for the direction of the general operations of the IsDB 
and exercises all powers delegated to it by the Board of Governors including preparing the work of the 
Board of Governors, taking decisions concerning the business of the IsDB and its operations, approving 
the budget and submitting the accounts of each financial year for the approval of the Board of Governors 
at each annual meeting. All matters before the Board of Executive Directors are decided by a majority 
of the voting power represented at the meetings of the Board of Executive Directors.  
Each member on the Board of Executive Directors (an Executive Director) represents one or more 
Member Country and, in voting, each is entitled to cast the number of votes that counted toward his 
election or appointment, which need not be cast as a unit. Each Executive Director holds office for three 
years and may be re-appointed (if such Executive Director represents one Member Country) or re-elected 
(if such Executive Director represents a group of Member Countries).  
The Board of Executive Directors is composed of members who are not members of the Board of 
Governors and their number may be increased at the discretion of the Board of Governors. The number 
of Executive Directors was increased to 11 at the 9th annual meeting of the Board of Governors held in 
1405H (1985), to 14 at the 23rd annual meeting held in 1419H (1998), to 16 at the 33rd annual meeting 
held in 1429H (2008), and thereafter to 18 at the 36th annual meeting held in 1432H (2011).  
The Executive Directors who do not represent the nine major Member Countries with the right to appoint 
Executive Directors were elected by the Board of Governors for the 16th session at the 45th annual 
meeting of the Board of Governors. The term of the 16th session started on 1 January 2021 and will end 
on 31 December 2023.
The table below indicates the composition of the Executive Directors as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Name 
Nationality 
Countries Represented 
Hon. Dr. Hamad Bin Suleiman Al Bazai * 
Saudi Arabian 
Saudi Arabia 
Hon. Hamed Arabi Elhouderi * 
Libyan 
Libya 
Hon. Dr. Seyed Abbas Hosseini * 
Iranian 
Iran 
Hon. Khalaf Sultan AI Dhaheri * 
Emirati 
UAE 
Hon. Dr Mahmoud ISA-DUTSE * 
Nigerian 
Nigeria

--- Page 167 ---
145
Name 
Nationality 
Countries Represented 
Hon Bader Ahmed Al Emadi * 
Qatari 
Qatar 
Hon. Dr. Nada Massoud * 
Egyptian 
Egypt 
Hon. Abdul Ghaffar Aqeel Al-Awadhi * 
Kuwaiti 
Kuwait 
Hon. Murat Zaman * 
Turkish 
Turkey 
Hon. Anuska Ramdhani 
Surinamese 
Indonesia, Malaysia, Brunei 
Darussalam, Suriname, 
Guyana 
Hon. Mian Asad Hayaud Din 
Pakistani 
Afghanistan, Pakistan, 
Bangladesh, Maldives 
Hon. Abdelaziz Faid 
Algerian 
Algeria, Morocco, Mauritania, 
Tunisia 
Hon. Hassan Jaafar Abdulrahman 
Sudanese 
Oman, Bahrain, Sudan, Yemen 
Hon. Khalifa Sarr 
Senegalese 
Burkina Faso, Togo, Gambia, 
Senegal, Mali, Niger 
Hon. Ammar Khalaf Ibrahim 
Iraqi 
Jordan, Iraq, Palestine, Syria, 
Lebanon 
Hon. Issa Jandi 
Guinea 
Bissauan 
Cote d’Ivoire, Benin, Guinea, 
Guinea Bissau, Sierra Leone, 
Cameroon 
Hon. Tamerlan Taghiyev 
Azerbaijani 
Albania, Azerbaijan, 
Kazakhstan, Kyrgyz, 
Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, 
Uzbekistan 
Hon. Eric Mbaihasra 
Chadian 
Mozambique, Uganda, Chad, 
Gabon, Djibouti, Comoros, 
Somalia 
 _________________  
* Appointed Executive Directors 
The following table describes the principal activities performed by each member of the Board of 
Executive Directors outside of the IsDB: 
Name 
Principal Outside Activities 
Hon. Dr. Hamad Bin Suleiman Al Bazai * 
Former Deputy Minister of Finance, Saudi 
Arabia 
Hon. Hamed Arabi Elhouderi * 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of the 
Lybian Foreign Investment Co. LAFICO 
Hon. Dr. Seyed Abbas Hosseini * 
Vice Minister of Banking, Insurance and State 
– Owned Companies

--- Page 168 ---
146
Name 
Principal Outside Activities 
Hon. Khalaf Sultan AI Dhaheri * 
Vice Chairman in the Private Office of H.E. 
Sultan Bin Rashed Al Dhaheri, UAE 
Hon. Dr Mahmoud ISA-DUTSE * 
Managing Consultant , Sayel Advisors  
Hon. Bader Ahmed Al Emadi * 
Director, International Cooperation 
Department, Ministry of Finance, Qatar 
Hon. Dr. Nada Massoud * 
Advisor to the Minister of Planning and 
Economic Development and Head of the 
Macroeconomic and Policy Unit, Ministry of 
Planning and Economic Development, Egypt 
Hon. Abdul Ghaffar Aqeel Al-Awadi * 
Assistant Undersecretary for General Accounts 
Affairs and Acting Assistant Undersecretary 
for General Budget Affairs, Ministry of 
Finance, State of Kuwait 
Hon. Murat Zaman * 
Deputy Minister of Treasury and Finance 
Hon. Anuska Ramdhani 
Senior Sector Coordinator, Ministry of Finance 
and Planning, Republic of Suriname 
Hon. Mian Asad Hayaud Din 
Secretary Economic Affairs Division, 
Ministry of Economic Affairs Government of 
Pakistan 
Hon. Abdelaziz Faid 
General Director for Budget, Ministry of 
Finance, People’s Democratic Republic of 
Algeria 
Hon. Hassan Jaafar Abdulrahman 
Project Coordinator in the Project 
Implementation Unit of the Strengthening Sub-
National Fiscal Policy Management Project, 
Ministry of Finance and Economic Planning, 
Republic of Sudan 
Hon. Khalifa Sarr 
Adviser to the Minister, Ministry of Economy, 
Planning and Cooperation, Republic of 
Senegal 
Hon. Ammar Khalaf Ibrahim 
Deputy General Manager, Department of 
Financial Operations & Debt Management, 
Central Bank of Iraq, Republic of Iraq 
Hon. Issa Jandi 
Director General of Planning, State Secretariat 
of Planning and Regional Integration, 
Directorate General of Planning, Republic of 
Guinea-Bissau 
Hon. Tamerlan Taghiyev 
Government Fellow, International Trade and 
Investment Portfolio, Ministry of Economy, 
Republic of Azerbaijan 
Hon. Eric Mbaihasra 
Head of Multilateral Cooperation Division, 
Ministry of Economy and Development 
Planning, Republic of Chad 
 _________________

--- Page 169 ---
147
* Appointed IsDB Executive Directors 
The business address of the members of the Board of Executive Directors is 8111 King Khalid Street, 
Al Nuzlah Al Yamania District – Unit No. 1, Jeddah 22332-2444 in the KSA.  
The President 
The president of the IsDB (the President), who is the legal representative and chief executive officer of 
the IsDB, is elected by the Board of Governors for a term of five years (which is renewable) and is 
responsible for conducting business under the direction of the Board of Executive Directors. He also 
serves as the chairman of the Board of Executive Directors without voting power, except a casting vote 
in the event of an equal division of votes. The President of the IsDB is also the chairman of the IsDB 
Group. The business address of the President is 8111 King Khalid Street, Al Nuzlah Al Yamania District 
– Unit No. 1, Jeddah 22332-2444 in the KSA.  
The Board of Governors have elected H.E. Dr. Muhammad Sulaiman Al Jasser as the President of the 
IsDB for a five-year term, such term having commenced on 9 August 2021.  
H.E. Dr. Muhammad Sulaiman Al Jasser served as an advisor at the General Secretariat of the Saudi 
Council of Ministers and chairman of the General Authority for Competition from 2016 to 2021. He also 
served as the Minister of Economy and Planning and Governor and chairman of the board of the Saudi 
Arabian Monetary Agency (SAMA), the Saudi Central Bank. In addition, he was a member of several 
ministerial councils, boards, and committees, including the Council for Economic Affairs and 
Development, the Supreme Council for Civil Defense, the board of directors of the Saudi Food and Drug 
Authority, the board of directors of the Public Investment Fund, the Higher Committee for Hajj 
(Pilgrimage) Affairs and the Ministerial Environmental Committee, among many others. 
The following report to the President: 

Islamic Solidarity Fund for Development (ISFD); 

Center of Excellence for the Gulf for Strategic Partnerships and Resource Mobilization; 

Center of Excellence Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia; 

Directorate General, General Counsel; 

Strategy and Transformation; 

Risk Management; 

Internal Audit (reports administratively to the President and functionally to the Board); 

Operations Evaluation (reports administratively to the President and functionally to the Board);  

Marketing and Communications; 

Group General Secretariat; 

Integrity and Ethics; 

Executive Office of the President;

--- Page 170 ---
148

Budget, Performance and Results; 

Government Relations (reports functionally to the President and administratively to the DG-
Corporate Services); 

Al-Aqsa & Palestine Funds; 

Lives and Livelihoods Fund Management Unit; and 

Ombudsman. 
The Vice Presidents 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB has two Vice President positions:   

Vice President (Operations); and 

Vice President (Finance & Administration) & Chief Financial Officer.  
The Vice Presidents are appointed for a period of three years, which is renewable. 
Vice Presidents are appointed by the Board of Executive Directors on the recommendation of the 
President and they report directly to the President. Vice Presidents may participate in meetings of the 
Board of Executive Directors but have no vote at such meetings, except that the ranking Vice President 
may cast the deciding vote when acting in the absence of the President as the chairman of a Board of 
Executive Directors meeting.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the two Vice Presidents are as follows. 
Vice President Operations - Dr. Mansur Muhtar 
Dr. Mansur Muhtar is the Vice President Operations at the IsDB, Jeddah. He has previously served as 
Executive Director on the Board of the World Bank Group (2011 – 2014) as well as Co-Chair of the 
United Nations Inter-Governmental Committee of Experts on Sustainable Development Finance (2013 
- 2014). 
He was also Minister of Finance, Federal Republic of Nigeria and Chairman of the National Economic 
Management Team (2008 - 2010); Executive Director, African Development Bank (2007 - 2008); and 
Director-General of Nigeria’s Debt Management Office (2003 - 2007). 
In earlier stages of his career, he was Senior Lecturer and Head of Economics Department, Bayero 
University, Kano, Nigeria and worked for approximately a decade at the World Bank headquarters, 
serving in various positions, including Senior Economist and Administrator, Young Professionals 
Program. He also served briefly as Deputy General Manager, Strategic Management and Economics 
Division, United Bank of Africa Plc. and Distinguished Fellow, Center for the Study of Economies of 
Africa, Abuja. 
Dr. Muhtar holds a Doctorate Degree in Economics, obtained from the University of Sussex, U.K. and 
a master’s degree in Economics and Politics of Development from University of Cambridge, UK. He is 
also an alumnus of Ahmadu Bello University, Nigeria, and King’s College, Lagos. He has attended 
numerous leadership and professional development courses at the Kennedy School, Harvard University; 
the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania; and the Singapore Civil Service Administrative 
College. Mr. Muhtar is a recipient of the Nigeria National Honors Award – Officer of the Federal 
Republic (OFR) – for contribution to national development.

--- Page 171 ---
149
The following report to the Vice President – Country Programs: 

Director General Country Programs: 
o
the regional hub of Abuja, Nigeria; 
o
the regional hub of Almaty, Kazakhstan; 
o
the regional hub of Ankara, Turkey; 
o
the regional hub of Cairo, Egypt; 
o
the regional hub of Dakar, Senegal; 
o
the regional hub of Dhaka, Bangladesh; 
o
the regional hub of Rabat, Morocco; 
o
the regional hub of Jakarta, Indonesia; 
o
the regional hub of Kampala, Uganda; 
o
the regional hub of Paramaribo, Suriname; and 
o
the Decentralization Facilitation; 
o
Project Procurement;  
o
Project Financial Management;  
o
Public Private Partnerships; and 
o
Communities Outreach. 

Director General – Global Practice & Partnership:  
o
Economic & Social Infrastructure; 
o
Resilience & Social Development;  
o
Regional Cooperation & Integration; 
o
Economic Empowerment; and  
o
Science, Technology, and Innovation.  
Vice President (Finance & Administration) and CFO - Dr. Zamir Iqbal 
Prior to joining the IsDB, Dr. Iqbal served as head of the World Bank Global Islamic Finance 
Development Center in Istanbul. He has more than 25 years of experience of capital markets, asset 
management, risk management, and financial sector at the World Bank. Islamic finance has been his 
research focus and he has co-authored several articles and books on Islamic finance on the topics of 
banking risk, financial inclusion, economic development, financial stability, and risk-sharing. He played 
an instrumental role in the publication of World Bank and IDB’s first Global Report on Islamic Finance.

--- Page 172 ---
150
He earned his Ph.D. in international finance from the George Washington University and served in the 
professional faculty at Carey Business School of Johns Hopkins University. 
The following departments report to the Vice President (Finance & Administration) & CFO: 

Financial Control; 

Treasury; 

Investments;  

Financial Policies, Planning & Analytics; and 

Islamic Finance Sector Development.  

DG – Corporate Services  
o
Human Resources Management  
o
Information Management & Disruptive Technology  
o
Administrative Services  
o
Health Services Center 
o
Government Relations (reports administratively to the DG-Corporate Services and 
functionally to the President)  
No Potential Conflicts of Interest 
There is no potential conflict of interest between any duties toward the IsDB of any of the persons 
referred to above and their respective private interests and/or duties. The most senior levels of 
management of the IsDB are comprised of the Board of Governors, the Board of Executive Directors, 
the President and the three vice president positions of the IsDB.  
Activities of the Board of Executive Directors of the IsDB in 2020 
The Board of Executive Directors held five meetings, approved 15 projects and adopted 88 resolutions 
on financing and policy matters during 2020.  
The Board of Executive Directors also held several meetings of its committees (such as the Audit 
Committee, the Operations & Development Effectiveness Committee (ODEC), the Finance & Risk 
Management Committee (FRMC), the Governance & Administrative Committee (GAC)) and a joint 
meeting of three committees of the Board of Executive Directors during this period. 
Committees 
The Audit Committee 
The Audit Committee is the sub-committee of the Board of Executive Directors that reviews financial 
and risk issues and policies that are material to the financial position and the risk profile of the IsDB. 
The Audit Committee assists the Board of Executive Directors in carrying out its responsibilities and, in 
particular, participates in the development of timely corrective actions in order to address issues

--- Page 173 ---
151
identified by both the Board of Executive Directors and external auditors as they arise. The Audit 
Committee also participates in defining the IsDB’s risk management framework in order to ensure that 
there are appropriate controls in respect of the IsDB’s financial transactions. The Audit Committee also 
reviews the IsDB Risk Report semi-annually and follows up with management on trends, key risks and 
planned responses. 
The Finance and Risk Management Committee 
The Finance and Risk Management Committee (FRMC) is the sub-committee of the Board of Executive 
Directors that assists the Board of Executive Directors in reviewing the annual budget and assessing 
financial implications, evaluating risk management and control mechanisms and reviewing financial 
performance and policies of the IsDB to ensure financial sustainability. 
The Governance and Administrative Committee 
The Governance and Administrative Committee (GAC) is the sub-committee of the Board of Executive 
Directors that reviews major ethics and integrity issues and reporting mechanisms, assesses the adequacy 
and effectiveness of corporate governance policies and reviews the alignment of HR strategy and policies 
with business requirements. 
The Operations Development Effectiveness Committee 
The Operations Development Effectiveness Committee (ODEC) is the sub-committee of the Board of 
Executive Directors that assists the Board of Executive Directors in reviewing key projects submitted by 
the management to the Board of Executive Directors for approval, discusses portfolio reviews, reviews 
the Operations Performance and Results Annual Report, reviews operational policy and makes 
recommendations to the Board of Executive Directors. The ODEC also assists the Board of Executive 
Directors in assessing development effectiveness of the programmes and activities of the IsDB. 
The Ethics Committee 
The Ethics Committee was established by the Board of Executive Directors during its meeting held in 
December 2021 after the approval of the IsDB Code of Conduct for the Board of Executive Directors. 
This sub-committee of the Board of Executive Directors has authority to consider matters relating to the 
interpretation and application of the Code of Conduct for the IsDB Board of Executive Directors; it may 
also provide guidance concerning conflicts of interest or other ethical aspects of conduct in respect of 
Board Members and consider allegations of misconduct by Board Members.  
The Risk Management Committee 
The Risk Management Committee (RMC) is a management committee that considers, reviews, clears 
and recommends, as the case may be, various matters and issues related to the risk management function 
of the IsDB. The RMC is also responsible for reviewing the risk management policies, procedures and 
guidelines of the IsDB.  Meetings of the RMC are held monthly (and whenever deemed necessary at the 
request of the Chairperson or the alternate/acting Chairperson) and are chaired by the President or 
alternatively by the Vice President (Finance & Administration) & CFO. 
Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO) 
The Asset and Liability Management Committee’s main objectives comprise: (i) safeguarding the net 
worth and capital adequacy of the IsDB in order to maintain its "AAA" rating, (ii) promoting growth in 
the IsDB’s risk bearing capacity through steady income accumulation and capital increases when 
required, and (iii) defining sound financial policies to enable the IsDB to take acceptable levels of

--- Page 174 ---
152
financial risk in order to provide resources for developmental projects at the lowest and most stable 
funding cost along with reasonable lending terms without jeopardising the IsDB’s financial strength. 
ALCO meetings are held monthly (and whenever deemed necessary at the request of the Chairperson) 
and are chaired by the Vice President (Finance & Administration) & CFO. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, the IsDB had 888 employees in its headquarters and 156 based in regional 
hubs in Member Countries in line with the IsDB's commitment to decentralise its operations.

--- Page 175 ---
153
RISK MANAGEMENT 
The financing policies of the IsDB are governed by the Articles of Agreement which, inter alia, stipulate 
that, to safeguard its interests, the IsDB should ensure that the recipient of financing and its guarantor 
will be in a position to meet their obligations and that the financing promotes complementary aspects in 
the economies of Member Countries, promotes the well-being of people in the Member Countries and 
avoids a disproportionate use of the IsDB-OCR’s resources for the benefit of any one or a few Member 
Countries. As of 31 December 2020, 90.6 per cent. of all the IsDB-OCR’s financing operations (being 
Murabaha financing, Istisna’a, restricted Mudaraba, instalment sale, Ijarah and loans but excluding 
equity investments), are sovereign exposures. 
The IsDB has in place a comprehensive exposure management framework that determines maximum 
limits for Member Countries, financial institutions, sovereign and non-sovereign projects and corporates. 
It also determines concentration limits for the treasury portfolio and total country portfolio. 
The Risk Management Department 
The Risk Management Department (RMD) is independent from all business departments as well as other 
entities of the IsDB and reports directly to the President of the IsDB. The RMD is responsible for 
developing risk policies, guidelines and procedures and for identifying, measuring, managing and 
monitoring of all types of risks inherent in the IsDB’s activities. 
At the date of this Base Prospectus, the IsDB has in place the following policies and guidelines:  

Country Risk Assessment Guidelines and Rating Models; 

Financial Institutions Risk Assessment and Rating Models; 

Project Finance Risk Assessment Guidelines and Rating Models; 

Corporate Finance Risk Assessment Guidelines and Rating Models; 

Guidelines for the Acceptance of Assignment of Receivables; 

Best Business Practices and Customer Due Diligence Standards; 

Exposure Management Framework 

Capital Adequacy Framework; 

Market Risk Management Guidelines;  

Operational Risk Management Framework; 

Liquidity Policy; 

Liquidity Investment Strategy; 

Liquidity Risk Management Guidelines; 

Hedging Guidelines; and

--- Page 176 ---
154

Leverage Policy. 
The RMD submits regular reports with recommendations to the RMC and the Audit Committee on risk 
related issues including adherence to policies, limits and guidelines. 
Credit Risk Management 
The IsDB has in place comprehensive credit policies, guidelines and internal rating models as a part of 
its overall credit risk management framework. These policies are communicated within the IsDB in order 
to maintain the IsDB’s overall credit risk profile within the parameters set by the management. The credit 
policy formulation, credit limit setting, monitoring of credit exceptions, exposures, and review and 
monitoring functions are performed independently by the RMD, which endeavours to ensure that 
business lines comply with risk parameters and prudential limits established by the Board of Executive 
Directors. 
An important element of credit risk management is the establishment of exposure limits for a single 
credit beneficiary or obligor and group of connected obligors based on the risk capacity of the IsDB and 
credit strength of the beneficiary or obligor. Credit limits for Member Countries regarding financing 
operations as well as placement of liquid funds are also in place. 
The assets which expose the IsDB to credit risk principally consist of commodity placements, Murabaha 
financing, Istisna’a assets, instalment sale financing, loans and Ijarah muntahia bittamleek, which are 
mainly covered by sovereign guarantees and commercial bank guarantees acceptable to the IsDB, in 
accordance with the eligibility criteria and credit risk assessments. The IsDB’s liquid fund investments 
portfolio is managed by the IsDB’s treasury department (Treasury Department) and comprises 
transactions with reputable banks. The IsDB benefits from preferred creditor status on sovereign 
financing, which gives it priority over other creditors in the event of default thus constituting a strong 
protection against credit losses. 
The assessment of exposure is based on detailed guidelines and internal rating models for sovereign and 
non-sovereign obligors eligible to enter into business relationship with the IsDB. While extending 
financing to obligors in its Member Countries, the IsDB attempts to safeguard its interests by verifying 
that both the obligors as well as the guarantors are able to meet their obligations to the IsDB. As an 
additional mitigating measure, the amount of financing is determined based on a detailed exposure limits 
framework that takes into consideration the credit profile of the obligor and its repayment capacity. 
The credit review process in the IsDB, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, can be summarised as 
follows: 
The credit granting process is based on in-depth due diligence starting from the business departments 
through the Operations Committees (chaired by the Vice President – Sector Operations), which conducts 
detailed overall project review, the Vice President (Sector Operations) and ultimately the President for 
approval (or submission to the Board of Executive Directors for approval if beyond the level of delegated 
authority). The RMD conducts an independent risk review of proposed financing operations and 
communicates the outcome to the respective business department and committees. RMD views are 
clearly reflected in all investing and financing proposals to support management to make informed and 
objective decisions. 
Market Risk Management 
The IsDB does not trade in currencies, securities or equities and therefore has only a limited exposure to 
market risk. Nevertheless, the Asset and Liability Management Committee meets every month to discuss, 
among other things, potential market risk exposures of the IsDB. The IsDB has no exposure to sub-prime

--- Page 177 ---
155
or other distressed financial assets, nor does the IsDB have any exposure to collateralised debt 
obligations, collateralised loan obligations or other equivalent asset backed products. 
Mark-up Risk Management 
The IsDB is exposed to mark-up risk on its investments in cash and cash equivalents, commodity 
placements, Murabaha financing, Istisna’a assets, Ijarah assets, investments in sukuk and sukuk 
liabilities. In respect of the financial assets, a portion of the IsDB’s returns are based on a benchmark 
and hence vary according to the market conditions. The IsDB generally uses the London Interbank 
Offered Rate as a benchmark to determine the mark-up rate on its financing. The final mark-up rate on 
the financing is worked out after adding a margin to the benchmark rate. In case of Murabaha, instalment 
sales and Istisna’a modes of financing, the mark-up rates are fixed throughout the repayment period. 
Funding Risk Management 
To minimise exposure to mismatches, the IsDB Asset-Liability Management strategy is to match-fund 
financing to the maximum extent possible, based on various parameters including mark-up, currency 
and tenor. The funding requirement is assessed regularly as part of resource mobilisation plan in order 
to ensure that the IsDB is adequately funded.  
The ALM Framework of the IsDB adopts the book separation approach for balance-sheet management. 
The equity-funded portfolio, which is funded by free capital, is to maximise the risk adjusted return 
whereas the objective of market-funded portfolio is to stabilise the IsDB’s net profit margin.  
Furthermore, the IsDB has developed a Shari’a compatible mark-up rate hedging mechanism which 
enables the IsDB to swap the floating rate into fixed rate or vice versa. In case of Ijarah financing, 
however, the IsDB has the flexibility of charging a floating rate or a fixed rate for the entire tenor of the 
financing depending on the agreement reached with the beneficiary. 
Liquidity Risk Management 
The IsDB adopts a conservative approach by maintaining high liquidity levels invested in cash, cash 
equivalents, commodity placements and Murabaha financing with short-term maturity of three to twelve 
months. A major feature of this liquidity management policy (unlike other Multilateral Development 
Banks) is to place the IsDB’s liquid funds with banks, from both Member Countries and non-Member 
Countries, in Shari’a compliant manner. The Prudential Minimum Liquidity (PML) requirement, which 
is the minimum level of equity-funded liquidity that shall be maintained at all times, is estimated 
regularly based on future expected net cash requirements of the IsDB. The PML is maintained over and 
above any operational liquidity requirements and ensures a liquidity coverage period of 18 months under 
normal, and 12 months under stressed, market conditions. 
To proactively preserve the IsDB's liquidity and risk capital from erosion and minimise volatility in 
income, the Liquidity Risk Management Guidelines clearly define objectives for each liquid portfolio 
along with the associated liquidity risk parameters to mitigate the various risks the portfolio is exposed 
to as follows: 

Market Risk - defines funding, size, eligible investments, average duration, currencies, etc. 

Performance - defines approach for establishing investment benchmarks and performance 
reporting. 

Hedging - authorises the Treasury Department to hedge to minimise market risk exposure and 
protect net profit margin through foreign exchange transactions, profit rate swaps and cross-

--- Page 178 ---
156
currency swaps; however, swap counterparty credit exposures must be minimised through 
exchange agreements or posting eligible collateral for exposures in excess of ID1 million. 

Credit Risk - transactions shall be conducted only within assigned limits (exposure, 
concentration, diversification, etc.) with counterparties approved by RMC. A prudential 
counterparty risk mitigation framework defines: (i) approved counterparties, (ii) minimum credit 
rating thresholds for specific instruments, (iii) prudential exposure limits; and (iv) counterparty 
credit risk mitigation measures to be adhered to. All deviations are to be approved by RMC upon 
the recommendation of RMC. 

Credit Quality - liquidity investments are restricted to the authorised transactions that are 
classified by type of investment counterparty, maturity, minimum rating and liquidity to ensure 
that such liquidity can be liquidated in a period of stress with ease and minimal losses. 

Key diversification parameters include: 
o
Maximum country limit of 15 per cent. of liquid fund placements. 
o
Maximum counterparty limit of 5 per cent. of liquid fund placements. 
The guidelines establish investment constraints consistent with the IsDB's level of risk tolerance on the 
basis of which a separate Liquidity Investment Strategy is developed and its implementation monitored. 
Middle Office 
As part of its risk control function, the Financial Policies, Planning and Analytics unit (FPPA) through 
its Compliance and Monitoring unit (i.e. its middle office function) ensures treasury and investment 
static data are created and well maintained in the IsDB’s core Treasury and Investment system. The 
function also performs control and compliance monitoring and reporting in respect of the internal 
policies, guidelines and limits. 
Impairment of Financial Assets 
Operational Assets 
An assessment is made at each balance sheet date to determine whether there is evidence that a financial 
asset or group of financial assets may be impaired. In connection with the IsDB’s participation in the 
debt relief initiative for the Heavily Indebted Poor Countries, the IsDB suffers losses from rescheduling 
amounts due from certain countries under mutually agreed settlement plans. The loss results from the 
difference between the carrying amount of the asset and the net present value of expected future cash 
flows discounted at the implicit rate of return of the financial asset mentioned in the agreement. The 
impairment provision is periodically adjusted based on a review of the prevailing circumstances. In 
addition, a portfolio provision is created for losses where there is objective evidence that unidentified 
losses are present in the portfolio at the balance sheet date. These are estimated based on country risk 
ratings, the current economic conditions and the default pattern that are embedded in the components of 
the portfolio. Adjustments to the provision are recorded as a charge or addition to income. In determining 
the adequacy of the provision, the IsDB takes into account the net present value of expected future cash 
flows discounted at the financial instruments' implicit rate of return.  
Other Financial Assets 
An assessment is made at each financial position date to determine whether there is objective evidence 
that a financial asset or a group of financial assets may be impaired. The amount of the impairment losses

--- Page 179 ---
157
for financial assets carried at amortised cost is calculated as the difference between the asset's carrying 
amount and its estimated fair value. The carrying amount of the financial asset is reduced through the 
use of an allowance account. When a financial asset is not considered recoverable, it is written-off against 
the allowance account and any excess loss is recognised in the income statement. Subsequent recoveries 
of amounts previously written-off are credited to the income statement. 
Investments in Lease Participation Pools and Real Estate Funds 
Investments in lease participation pools and real estate funds are recorded initially at cost and are 
revalued periodically based on the valuation reports received from the pool managers. Provision is 
created when the IsDB identifies investments in specific lease participation pools as potentially impaired.

--- Page 180 ---
158
SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THE FINANCIAL 
ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED BY AAOIFI AND IFRS
The financial statements of the IsDB are prepared in accordance with Article 8.2 of the Financial 
Regulations of the IsDB and with the Financial Accounting Standards issued by the AAOIFI and the 
Shari’a rules and principles as determined by the IsDB Group Shariah Board. For matters which are not 
covered by AAOIFI standards, the IsDB uses the IFRS issued or adopted by the International Accounting 
Standards Board (the IASB) and the relevant interpretation issued by the International Financial 
Reporting Interpretations Committee (the IFRIC) of the IASB provided these do not contravene Shari’a 
rules. The financial statements are prepared under the historical cost convention except for the following 
items: (i) quoted equity investments are measured at fair value through equity, (ii) certain investments 
in sukuk are measured at fair value through income statement designated as such at the time of initial 
recognition, and (iii) profit rate and cross-currency profit rate swaps are measured at fair value through 
income statement. 
The financial information included in this Base Prospectus and/or incorporated by reference has not been 
prepared in accordance with the international accounting standards adopted pursuant to the procedure of 
Article 3 of Regulation (EC) No1606/2002 and there may be material differences in the financial 
information had Regulation (EC) No 1606/2002 been applied to the historical financial information. 
The IsDB is audited in accordance with the auditing standards for Islamic Financial Institutions issued 
by AAOIFI and the International Standards on Auditing (ISA) adopted by the International Auditing and 
Assurance Standards Board. As of the date of this Base Prospectus there are six AAOIFI auditing 
standards. The AAOIFI auditing standard for which there is no analogous ISA auditing standard relates 
to testing for compliance with Shari’a rules and principles by external auditors (AAOIFI Auditing 
Standard No. 4). More specifically, AAOIFI Auditing Standard No. 4 requires an external auditor to 
obtain sufficient and appropriate audit evidence adequate to provide reasonable assurance that the 
relevant Islamic financial institution is in compliance with the rules and principles of Shari’a. While the 
ISA is more comprehensive than the AAOIFI auditing standards, and while AAOIFI Auditing Standard 
no. 4 is tailored to address Shari’a matters, there are no significant departures of the AAOIFI auditing 
standards from the ISA. AAOIFI auditing standards require the application of ISA in respect of matters 
not covered in detail by the AAOIFI auditing standards, provided such standards do not contravene 
Shari’a rules and principles. 
The principal accounting differences between the AAOIFI and IASB accounting standards in so far as 
they apply to recognition and measurement principles, as applicable to the 2020 Financial Statements 
for the years ended 31 December 2020 and 2019 are listed below. 
Loans 
The IsDB provides long term concessional loans to Member Countries. These loans bear a service fee 
rate sufficient to cover the IsDB’s expenses related to the signature of an agreement and disbursements 
made to the Member Countries. Thus, the loan service fee is calculated during the financial periods 
starting from the signature date through to the date of the last disbursement. Under AAOIFI, loan (qard) 
amounts outstanding are recorded at amounts disbursed in respect of projects plus accrued service fees, 
less repayments received and provision for impairment. 
Under IFRS such loans would have been discounted at the effective interest rate at the date of the 
transaction and loss on issuance of loans at rates below market would have been recorded in the IsDB’s 
books.

--- Page 181 ---
159
Leasing transactions (Ijarah) 
With regard to their structure, the IsDB leases are recorded as operating leases. 
Under AAOIFI, leased assets in the books of IsDB–OCR are recorded at original cost less accumulated 
depreciation less accumulated impairment, if any, up to the date of financial position and gestation period 
income is not recorded in the income statement. Instead, such income is added to the cost of the asset 
upon the transfer of such asset’s right to use and is amortised/recorded only during the repayment period. 
Under IFRS, the leased assets are recorded at amounts disbursed less repayments and income is accrued 
since inception of the lease. 
Impairment of project assets 
The IsDB makes specific impairment provisions as well as collective general provisions on sovereign 
exposures. 
IAS 39 follows an incurred loss model (i.e. requiring only provisions to be recognised on incurred 
losses). However, under new IFRS 9 (applicable from 1 January 2018), an expected loss model has been 
introduced which groups exposures into three categories and requires both specific and expected 
impairment losses to be recognised in the entity’s books of accounts. FAS 30 was issued on 23 November 
2017 by AAOIFI and became applicable from 1 January 2020 (although the implementation date was 
extended to 1 January 2021 under certain conditions) with earlier adoption being permitted. This 
standard introduces the concept of expected credit losses and, together with FAS 35, supersedes certain 
sections of FAS 25 and FAS 11.  
Murabaha 
FAS 28 treats Murabaha as trade-based transactions and it is usually structured as a deferred payment 
transaction. FAS 28 requires the recording of sales and cost of sales and deferred payment disclosures. 
However, IFRS 9 primarily treats these types of transactions as debt-type in substance and applies the 
concept of recognising the money advanced to a customer as a loan at discounted payments.

--- Page 182 ---
160
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PORTFOLIO 
The Portfolio which is the subject of the Trust constituted for each Series of Trust Certificates shall be a 
portfolio of assets created by the IsDB which shall be separate and independent from all other assets of 
the IsDB and shall comprise: 

at least 51 per cent. tangible assets comprising of Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, 
Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba Assets; and 

no more than 49 per cent. intangible assets comprising of Istisna'a Receivables, Loan (Qard) 
Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables and/or Murabaha Receivables, 
including, without limitation, the right to receive payment of any amounts due in connection with such 
assets, the right to demand, sue for, recover, receive and give receipts for all amounts payable, or to 
become payable, under the assets and/or agreements relating to the assets and the benefit of, and the right 
to sue on, all covenants in favour of the IsDB and the right to exercise all powers of the IsDB thereunder. 
The Portfolio in respect of each Series shall be constituted by an Initial Portolio (in respect of the first 
Tranche under a Series) and any Additional Portfolio (in respect of any additional Tranche issued under 
the same Series) and supplemented from time to time with Additional Portfolio Assets. 
The Leased Assets comprise assets which are subject to ijarah contracts where the IsDB as lessor has 
leased existing property, or has agreed to lease property under construction, to a lessee in respect of 
which regular payments are or will become due from the lessee (and includes any ancillary rights under 
such ijarah contracts). The Disbursing Istisna'a Assets comprise Istisna'a assets in respect of which the 
IsDB is paying instalment amounts to a contractor (which are subsequently capitalised by the IsDB) 
during, but prior to the completion of, the construction of such assets and whilst legal title to such assets 
is vested in the IsDB. The Murabaha Receivables comprise receivables under sale contracts whereby the 
IsDB has sold assets to an obligor for a purchase price which is determined on a cost plus a predetermined 
profit basis and such purchase price is payable in instalments. The Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) 
Receivables comprise receivables derived from the placements of funds which are made by the IsDB 
with other banks and financial institutions and which comprise the purchase and sale of commodities at 
fixed or floating rate profit. The Istisna'a Receivables comprise receivables arising in respect of Istisna'a 
assets which are sold by the IsDB to a buyer who pays the purchase price in instalments. The Loan (Qard) 
Receivables comprise receivables under long term concessional facilities provided to Member Countries 
which bear a service fee payable to the IsDB. Restricted Mudaraba Assets comprise assets which are 
subject to Mudaraba contract under which the IsDB as a Rab al Maal provides capital under a line of 
financing facility to an intermediary as a Mudarib who then invests such capital based on prescribed 
investment criteria. Any Shares and Sukuk will be investments held directly by the IsDB prior to their 
sale to the Trustee. 
The Portfolio in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates will be originated by the IsDB and represent 
(in the case of any underlying assets other than Shares or Sukuk) obligations of lessees and obligors in 
jurisdictions that are Member Countries. The IsDB will represent in the Master Purchase Agreement that 
the Portfolio transferred to the relevant Trustee in respect of each series of Trust Certificates will be 
Shari’a compliant assets. 
An outline summary of the portfolio which will be purchased by the IsDB on the Issue Date of the 
relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates is set out in the Supplemental Purchase Agreement, as the case 
may be. The composition of the Portfolio of a Series may change over the life of each Series of Trust 
Certificates as the relevant Trustee may utilise principal collections from the relevant Portfolio to 
purchase rights in additional Leased Assets, Restricted Mudaraba Assets or Disbursing Istisna'a Assets 
or sub-participation interests on behalf of such Trustee in Istisna'a or Murabaha financing activities, or 
invest in Murabaha Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) Receivables, Loan (Qard)

--- Page 183 ---
161
Receivables or Istisna'a Receivables or to purchase further Shares and/or Sukuk (which will then form 
part of the Portfolio of that relevant Series) in accordance with the terms of the Programme Documents. 
The IsDB has given an undertaking to the relevant Trustee that it will sell additional Leased Assets, 
Restricted Mudaraba Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares and Sukuk to the relevant Trustee so as 
to ensure that the proportion of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust Certificates represented by rights in 
Leased Assets, Restricted Mudaraba Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares and/or Sukuk does not 
fall below 51 per cent. The IsDB's obligation to sell such additional assets is subject to the IsDB having 
such assets available on its balance sheet to sell to such Trustee. A failure by the IsDB to comply with 
any of its obligations expressed to be assumed by it in the Programme Documents constitutes a 
Dissolution Event. 
No investigation or enquiry will or has been made and no due diligence will or has been conducted 
by or on behalf of the Dealers, either of the Trustees or the Delegate in respect of any Portfolio or 
their transferability under relevant local law. Reference should be made to the paragraphs under 
"Risk factors relating to the Portfolio" in the section entitled "Risk Factors" above. In particular 
neither the IsDB, neither Trustee, the Delegate nor the Dealers make any representations as to 
whether there will be sufficient Trust Assets available on the Periodic Distribution Date or the 
Dissolution Date to enable the relevant Trustee to make a payment in full of the relevant Periodic 
Distribution Amount or Dissolution Amount.

--- Page 184 ---
162
SUMMARY OF THE PRINCIPAL PROGRAMME DOCUMENTS 
The following is a summary of certain provisions of the principal Programme Documents and is qualified 
in its entirety by reference to the detailed provisions of the principal Programme Documents. Copies of 
the Programme Documents will be available for inspection at the offices of the Principal Paying Agent 
(as defined in the Terms and Conditions).
The Master Trust Deed, as supplemented by each Supplemental Trust Deed 
The Master Trust Deed was entered into on the Programme Date between the IsDB, the Trustees and the 
Delegate and is governed by English law. A Supplemental Trust Deed will be entered into on the date 
of the issue of the relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates between the IsDB, the relevant Trustee and the 
Delegate and will also be governed by English law. 
Upon issue of the Global Trust Certificate initially representing the Trust Certificates of any Series, the 
Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed together constitute the Trust declared by 
the Trustee in relation to such Series. 
The Trust Assets in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates comprise (unless otherwise specified in 
the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed), inter alia, the Initial Trust Property, the relevant Trustee’s rights, 
title, interest and benefit in and to the Portfolio, the relevant Trustee's rights, title, interest and benefit, 
present and future, in, to and under the Programme Documents and Transaction Documents to which it 
is a party (excluding any representations given to such Trustee by the IsDB pursuant to any of the 
Programme Documents or Transaction Documents), such Trustee's rights and interest in assets held by 
the IsDB on trust for such Trustee, as well as cash and certain eligible investments all as more fully set 
out in the Master Trust Deed and the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s). 
The Trust Deed will specify that, on or after the relevant Dissolution Date of a Series of Trust Certificates, 
the rights of recourse in respect of Trust Certificates shall be limited to the amounts from time to time 
available and comprising the relevant Trust Assets of that Series, subject to the priority of payments set 
out in the Trust Deed, the relevant Trust Certificates and the Terms and Conditions. Each of the IsDB, 
the Delegate and the Certificateholders have no claim or recourse against the relevant Trustee in respect 
of any amount which is or remains unsatisfied and any unsatisfied amounts will be extinguished. 
Pursuant to the Trust Deed, the relevant Trustee shall, inter alia: 
(a)
hold the Trust Assets on trust absolutely for the Certificateholders as beneficiaries pro rata
according to the face amount of Trust Certificates held by each Certificateholder; 
(b)
act as trustee in respect of such Trust Assets, distribute the income from such Trust Assets and 
perform its duties in accordance with the provisions of the Master Trust Deed and, if applicable, 
the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed; 
(c)
enforce the Trust Assets including, insofar as it is able, taking all reasonably necessary steps to 
enforce each of the Guarantee, the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the relevant IsDB Purchase 
Agreement, the Additional Portfolio Asset Sale Undertaking Deed and the Additional Portfolio 
Asset Sale Agreement if the IsDB shall have at any time failed to perform its obligations under it; 
(d)
collect and invest the proceeds of the Trust Assets in accordance with the terms of the Master 
Trust Deed and, if applicable, the terms of the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s); 
(e)
distribute the proceeds of any enforcement of the Trust Assets, as described in the Master Trust 
Deed and in the Master Wakala Agreement (see the section entitled "Summary of the Principal

--- Page 185 ---
163
Programme DocumentsMaster Wakala Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental 
Wakala Agreement"); 
(f)
maintain proper books of account in respect of the relevant Trust and prepare reports in respect of 
the relevant Trust for the Certificateholders of the corresponding Series of Trust Certificates, the 
IsDB, the Wakeel and the Delegate as more particularly set out herein; and 
(g)
take such other steps as are reasonably necessary to ensure that the Certificateholders of each 
Series receive the distributions to be made to them in accordance with the order of priority detailed 
in the Trust Deed (subject to the relevant Trust Certificates and the Terms and Conditions) and in 
the Wakala Agreement. 
In the Trust Deed, the relevant Trustee will unconditionally and irrevocably appoint the Delegate to be 
its attorney and to exercise certain future duties, powers, authorities and discretions vested in such 
Trustee by certain provisions in the Trust Deed, as supplemented by the Supplemental Trust Deed(s). 
In the Trust Deed, the Delegate will undertake that, inter alia: 
(a)
it may or shall (subject to being indemnified and/or prefunded to its satisfaction) upon being 
directed to do so by the Certificateholders pursuant to the Trust Deed: (i) require the IsDB to 
perform its obligations under the Purchase Undertaking Deed and the Additional Portfolio Asset 
Sale Undertaking Deed; and (ii) make a claim under the Guarantee; and 
(b)
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of any Series and subject to Condition 
14 (Dissolution Events), it shall (subject to being indemnified and/or secured to its satisfaction) 
take all such steps as are necessary to enforce the obligations of the IsDB under the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed, the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement and any other Programme Document 
and Transaction Document to which the IsDB is a party. 
In the Trust Deed, each relevant Trustee also undertakes that, inter alia: 
(a)
it may or shall upon being directed to do so by the Delegate enforce the obligations of the IsDB 
under the Master Trust Deed, the Purchase Undertaking Deed and any other Programme 
Document or Transaction Document to which the IsDB is a party; 
(b)
to the extent that it prepares accounts, it shall cause to be prepared and certified by the Auditors 
(as defined in the Master Trust Deed) in respect of each financial accounting period accounts in 
such form as will comply with all relevant legal and accounting requirements and all requirements 
for the time being of the Stock Exchange (as defined in the Master Trust Deed); 
(c)
it shall procure that the Principal Paying Agent makes available for inspection by 
Certificateholders at its specified office copies of the Master Trust Deed and relevant 
Supplemental Trust Deed(s), the Agency Agreement and the other relevant Programme 
Documents and Transaction Documents, the then latest audited balance sheets and profit and loss 
accounts of itself (if any) and the IsDB and any Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case 
may be, and Servicing Reports and/or Repurchase Reports relating to Trust Certificates admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation on any listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system; 
and 
(d)
following the occurrence of a Dissolution Event in respect of any Series of Trust Certificates and 
subject to Condition 14 (Dissolution Events), it shall: (i) promptly notify the Delegate of the 
occurrence of such Dissolution Event, and (ii) take all such steps as are necessary to enforce the 
obligations of the IsDB under the Purchase Undertaking Deed, the relevant IsDB Purchase

--- Page 186 ---
164
Agreement and any other Programme Document or Transaction Document to which the IsDB is 
a party. 
Each relevant Trustee acknowledges in the Master Trust Deed that the Delegate may in accordance with 
the terms of the Master Trust Deed convene meetings or obtain directions and instructions from 
Certificateholders. 
The Delegate may (without the consent or sanction of the Certificateholders), agree to any modification 
of, or to the waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, any of the Terms and Conditions 
or any of the provisions of the Master Trust Deed, the Guarantee or any other Programme Document or 
any Transaction Document or allow for any Dissolution Event not to be treated as such, if in the opinion 
of the Delegate, any such case is not materially prejudicial to the interests of the Certificateholders or it 
may agree to any modification which, in its opinion, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or to correct 
a manifest or proven error or to the extent provided in Condition 8.11 (Benchmark Replacement). 
Indemnity
The IsDB has also undertaken to each Trustee and the Delegate in the Master Trust Deed that, if any 
amount payable by the IsDB to a Trustee pursuant to the Guarantee, the Master Trust Deed, the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed or any other Programme Document or Transaction Document is not recoverable from 
the IsDB for any reason whatsoever (including, without limitation, by reason of any Trust Certificate, 
the Master Trust Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed, any relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement or any 
provision thereof being or becoming void, unenforceable or otherwise invalid under any applicable law 
or any transfer of the Portfolio being ineffective or unenforceable) or a Trustee or any Certificateholder 
suffers any costs, expenses or loss (which must be evidenced to the IsDB by the production of receipts) 
as a direct result of its holding in the Portfolio, which cost, expense or loss is not recoverable under the 
Master Purchase Agreement, the relevant Supplemental Purchase Agreement(s) then, (notwithstanding 
that the same may have been known to such Trustee) the IsDB will, as a sole, original and independent 
obligor, forthwith upon demand by such Trustee or the Delegate, pay such sum by way of a full 
indemnity in the manner and currency as is provided for in such Trust Certificate or the Master Trust 
Deed, any Supplemental Trust Deed(s) or other Programme Documents or Transaction Documents (as 
the case may be) and indemnify such Trustee or the Delegate against all losses, claims, costs, charges 
and expenses to which it may be subject or which it may incur under or in respect of the Trust Certificates, 
the Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed(s), the relevant IsDB Purchase Agreement 
or other Programme Documents or Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, the IsDB shall 
not be required to indemnify either of the Trustees for any consequential loss (being loss of business, 
goodwill, opportunity or profit) of any kind whatsoever. 
The Master Purchase Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental Purchase Agreement 
The Master Purchase Agreement was entered into on the Programme Date between the IsDB and the 
Issuers, as supplemented and amended from time to time, and each Supplemental Purchase Agreement 
applicable to a Tranche of Trust Certificates, are, and will be, governed by English law. 
Sale of Portfolio
On the Closing Date of the relevant Tranche, the IsDB agrees to sell to the relevant Issuer the Initial 
Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, identified in a schedule to the relevant 
Supplemental Purchase Agreement. The Portfolio in respect of each Series shall be a portfolio of assets 
created by the IsDB which shall be separate and independent from all other assets of the IsDB. 
To the extent that the transfer of the Initial Portfolio or Addditonal Portfolio (or any part thereof) is not 
effective in any jurisdiction for any reason, the IsDB has agreed to either replace the Portfolio Constituent 
Assets (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) with Additional Portfolio Assets (as defined in

--- Page 187 ---
165
the Master Purchase Agreement) of the same (or greater) net asset value, or account for all amounts 
received by it in respect of the Portfolio (or any part thereof) to the relevant Issuer. Further, the IsDB has 
in the Master Purchase Agreement undertaken to hold any constituent assets comprised in the Portfolio 
the title, interest in or benefit to which has not been transferred to the relevant Trustee on trust for such 
Trustee absolutely as the owner thereof or as such Trustee may direct. 
Purchase Price
The purchase price payable for the Initial Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, of any 
relevant Tranche of Trust Certificates will be determined by the Supplemental Purchase Agreement and 
will be an aggregate amount representing the Net Asset Value (as defined in the Master Purchase 
Agreement) of the Initial Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, in respect of the relevant 
Tranche. 
Records
All records in respect of the Portfolio sold to a Trustee will be retained by the IsDB. 
Representations and Warranties
The IsDB will only provide very limited representations and warranties in respect of the Initial Portfolio 
or Additional Portfolio on the issue date of the relevant Tranche. These representations and warranties 
will be repeated on the date of each Settlement Date (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) and 
include, inter alia, representations that: 
(a)
the IsDB has full power and authority to effect and has taken all necessary action to authorise the 
execution, delivery and performance by it of the Master Purchase Agreement and all other 
instruments and documents to be delivered by it under the Master Purchase Agreement and the 
transactions contemplated by Master Purchase Agreement; 
(b)
the execution, delivery and performance by the IsDB of the Master Purchase Agreement and all 
other instruments and documents to be delivered by it pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement 
and all transactions contemplated by the Master Purchase Agreement do not contravene (i) the 
IsDB's Articles of Agreement, (ii) any law, rule or regulation applicable to the IsDB or the 
Portfolio, (iii) any contractual restriction contained in any agreement, mortgage, bond, contract, 
undertaking or instrument binding on or affecting the IsDB or any of its properties or assets, or 
(iv) any order, writ, judgment, award, injunction or decree binding on or affecting the IsDB or any 
of its assets and do not result in or require the creation of any lien, security interest or other charge 
or encumbrance upon or with respect to any of its assets or undertaking; 
(c)
all consents, authorisations, approvals, notices, licences, registrations or filings required for the 
due execution, delivery or performance by the IsDB of the Master Purchase Agreement or any 
other document to be delivered by the IsDB in connection with the Master Purchase Agreement 
or for the transactions contemplated by the Master Purchase Agreement have been obtained or 
effected and are in full force and effect; 
(d)
all the information contained in the schedule to each Supplemental Purchase Agreement and in 
each Purchase Report delivered by the IsDB pursuant to the Master Purchase Agreement is true 
and accurate in all material respects; 
(e)
the Initial Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, and each Additional Portfolio 
Asset will at all times prior to its sale to a Trustee be owned by the IsDB free and clear of any 
Adverse Claim (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) and upon the payment by such 
Trustee of the Purchase Price on the relevant Settlement Date and on the relevant Closing Date,

--- Page 188 ---
166
such Trustee will acquire full legal and beneficial title and ownership to and of the Initial Portfolio 
or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, and each Additional Portfolio Asset free and clear of 
any Adverse Claim; 
(f)
each constituent asset comprised in the Initial Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may 
be, to be transferred to a Trustee on the relevant Closing Date, and each Additional Portfolio Asset 
to be transferred to a Trustee on a Settlement Date, is an Eligible Portfolio Asset (as defined in the 
Master Purchase Agreement) as determined on the relevant Closing Date and, in the case of an 
Additional Portfolio Asset, the Settlement Date on which it is purchased; and 
(g)
the IsDB has confirmed that any Initial Portfolio or Additional Portfolio, as the case may be, to be 
transferred to a Trustee on the relevant Closing Date, and any Additional Portfolio Assets to be 
transferred to a Trustee on a Settlement Date, comply in all material respects with Shari’a 
principles as laid down by the IsDB Group Shariah Board. 
A breach of the representations and warranties contained in the Master Purchase Agreement by the IsDB 
will result in the IsDB being required to repurchase any underlying assets in the Portfolio which do not 
comply with such representations and warranties and the IsDB providing the relevant Trustee with (i) 
cash and/or (ii) the transfer of substitute underlying assets having a Net Asset Value (as defined in the 
Master Purchase Agreement) of not less than that of such ineligible assets. 
Undertakings of the IsDB
The IsDB provides only very limited undertakings in the Master Purchase Agreement. 
Share Ancillary Rights
Each relevant Trustee has undertaken in the Master Purchase Agreement to delegate to the IsDB as 
Wakeel the exercise of any and all Share Ancillary Rights (defined as any and all rights attaching to the 
Shares including the right to receive payments of dividends, including pre-emption rights, rights to 
participate in capital increases, consolidations and rights issues, as well as voting rights) in respect of 
Shares purchased by such Trustee on the relevant Closing Date or the relevant Settlement Date, as the 
case may be. To the extent that the transfer of any Shares to a Trustee is not effective, the IsDB has 
undertaken to hold such Shares on trust for such Trustee. 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed 
The Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed was executed by the IsDB in favour of the 
Trustees on the Programme Date and is governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed, each relevant Trustee has been 
granted the right to require the IsDB to sell, in certain circumstances (as detailed below), to such Trustee 
on the relevant Settlement Date (as specified in the Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice 
scheduled to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed), at the relevant Purchase Price, the 
relevant Additional Portfolio Assets (as specified in the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise 
Notice). 
The Purchase Price payable for the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets will be specified in the 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement (scheduled to the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale 
Undertaking Deed) and will be an aggregate amount no greater than the relevant Revenue Generating 
Assets Make-Whole Amount (as defined in the Master Wakala Agreement) in respect of the relevant 
Series.

--- Page 189 ---
167
This right granted under the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed may only be exercised 
by the relevant Trustee if, and only to the extent that, the IsDB has relevant Additional Portfolio Assets 
on its balance sheet and at its disposal for sale to such Trustee (as specified in the relevant Purchase 
Report) and if: 
(a)
in respect of the relevant Series, on the relevant Report Date prior to the relevant Settlement Date: 
(i)
the Tangibility of the Portfolio, as identified in the Servicing Report, is less than 51 per 
cent.; or 
(ii)
there is a Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall as set out in the relevant Servicing Report, 
by delivering an Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice to the IsDB specifying the Settlement 
Date and details of the Additional Portfolio Assets to be purchased; and 
(b)
the Additional Portfolio Assets specified in the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise 
Notice comprise of: 
(i)
in the event that the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice is delivered 
pursuant to (a)(i) above, the rights, title, interest and benefit of the IsDB in, to and under, 
Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or Restricted Mudaraba 
Assets (as, and only to the extent, specified in the relevant Purchase Report) the aggregate 
Net Asset Value of such Leased Assets, Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, Shares, Sukuk and/or 
Restricted Mudaraba Assets being no greater than the relevant Tangibility Make-Whole 
Amount (as defined in the Master Wakala Agreement); and 
(ii)
in the event that the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets Exercise Notice is delivered 
pursuant to (a)(ii) above, Additional Portfolio Assets (as, and only to the extent, specified 
in the relevant Purchase Report) the aggregate Net Asset Value of such Additional Portfolio 
Assets being no greater than the relevant Revenue Generating Assets Make-Whole Amount. 
Following the exercise of this right, the relevant Trustee will pay the relevant Purchase Price to the IsDB 
and such Trustee and the IsDB will enter into an Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement to effect 
the sale of the relevant Additional Portfolio Assets. 
Master Wakala Agreement, as supplemented by each Supplemental Wakala Agreement 
The Master Wakala Agreement was entered into on the Programme Date between the IsDB, the Trustees 
and the Delegate, as supplemented and amended from time to time, and each Supplemental Wakala 
Agreement applicable to a Series of Trust Certificates, will be, and is governed by English law (the 
Master Wakala Agreement, together with each Supplemental Wakala Agreement being referred to as, 
the Wakala Agreement). 
Appointment of the IsDB as Wakeel
Each Trustee has appointed the IsDB to act as its agent and wakeel (Wakeel) to perform limited actions 
in order to collect and service the Portfolio applicable to each Series of Trust Certificates issued by it. In 
particular, the Wakeel will prepare Servicing Reports (as defined below), hold records and apply 
collections in respect of the relevant Portfolio, and to carry out any incidental matters relating thereto. 
Standard of Care
The Wakeel has agreed to exercise the same level of skill, care and attention in exercising its powers and 
performing its duties as it would exercise in servicing its own assets. In particularly the Wakeel has

--- Page 190 ---
168
agreed to (a) exercise at least the same standard of care in respect of the Portfolio of each Series of Trust 
Certificates as it exercises in respect of assets of a similar type and nature to any Portfolio of which it is 
and remains the legal and beneficial owner (apparent and real owner) and (b) in respect of the Portfolio 
of each Series of Trust Certificates, act in accordance with its usual collection procedures at all times. 
Delegation
The Wakeel shall be entitled to delegate its obligations under the Master Wakala Agreement, as 
supplemented by the Supplemental Wakala Agreement, to any person approved by the relevant Trustee 
provided that the Wakeel shall remain primarily liable for the obligations incurred by it hereunder 
notwithstanding any such delegation. 
Fees
The Wakeel shall be entitled to receive a fee for acting as Wakeel which will comprise a fixed basic fee 
of U.S.$100 payable on the date of each Supplemental Wakala Agreement and an incentive fee calculated 
as the remaining amounts available from the application of profit collections as more particularly 
described in "Application of Collections" below. Any amounts collected by the Wakeel in relation to 
the Portfolio which are in excess of the Periodic Distribution Amounts payable by the relevant Trustee 
to the Certificateholders on the relevant Periodic Distribution Date, shall be retained by the Wakeel as 
an incentive fee for the performance of its services pursuant to the Wakala Agreement. 
Application of Collections
For the period between each Calculation Date (each a Collection Period), the Wakeel will collect all 
amounts due in respect of the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates and identify such 
collections in a report (the Servicing Report). All collections in the nature of principal (the Principal 
Collections) will be deposited in a principal ledger account with the Wakeel. All collections in the nature 
of profit (the Profit Collections) will be deposited in a profit ledger account with the Wakeel. The 
Servicing Report will identify the amount of principal and profit collections. Subject to the terms of the 
Transaction Documents the Wakeel will be entitled to deal with any monies standing to the credit of the 
principal account or the profit account as if they were part of its own funds. 
The Servicing Report will specify the amount by which the Aggregate Nominal Amount (as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) of the relevant Series and is less 
than the Net Asset Value (as defined in the Master Purchase Agreement) of the Portfolio corresponding 
to such Series (the Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall) and the total amount of Principal Collections 
to be applied to the acquisition of Additional Portfolio Assets in order to address any Revenue Generating 
Assets Shortfall (the Revenue Generating Assets Make-Whole Amount). 
In respect of each Series of Trust Certificates and unless otherwise specified in the Wakala Agreement, 
on each Settlement Date, if (i) there is a Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall, the Wakeel will apply the 
Revenue Generating Assets Make-Whole Amount to pay the purchase price of any Additional Portfolio 
Assets purchased in accordance with the terms of the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking, and 
(ii) if the Tangibility of the relevant Portfolio is less than 51 per cent., the Wakeel will apply the 
Tangibility Make-Whole Amount to pay the purchase price of any Additional Portfolio Assets purchased 
in accordance with the terms of the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking. 
In the event that the IsDB does not have sufficient Additional Portfolio Assets on its balance sheet and 
at its disposal for sale to the relevant Trustee in accordance with the terms of the Additional Portfolio 
Assets Sale Undertaking to reduce the Revenue Generating Assets Shortfall or to ensure that the 
tangibility of the relevant Portfolio is no less than 51 per cent., the Wakeel, if requested to do so by the 
relevant Trustee, shall use any remaining Revenue Generating Assets Make-Whole Amount to acquire

--- Page 191 ---
169
Shares and/or Sukuk in the open market in an amount required to reduce the Revenue Generating Assets 
Shortfall to zero. 
In respect of each Series of Trust Certificates and unless otherwise specified in the Wakala Agreement, 
as the case may be, on each Settlement Date, the Wakeel will apply the relevant Profit Collections 
received in the immediately preceding Calculation Period to pay the following amounts on behalf of the 
Trustee in accordance with the following order of priority: 
(a)
first, to the Delegate in respect of all amounts owing to it under the Programme Documents and 
Transaction Documents in its capacity as Delegate and to any receiver, manager or administrative 
receiver or any other analogous officer appointed in respect of the Trust by the Delegate in 
accordance with the Trust Deed; 
(b)
second, pro rata, to pay an amount equal to any other sums payable by the relevant Trustee (other 
than to Certificateholders or as otherwise provided in items (c) and (d) (inclusive) below) 
including rating fees, listing fees, paying agent's fees and corporate administrator fees together 
with any stamp, issue, registration, documentary and other fees, duties and taxes, including 
compensation and penalties, payable on or in connection with (i) the execution and delivery of the 
Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the relevant Series of Trust Certificates 
and the Terms and Conditions (ii) the constitution and original issue of the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates and (iii) any action taken by or on behalf of the relevant Trustee or (where permitted 
by the Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust Deed, the Trust Certificates and the 
Terms and Conditions) any Certificateholder to enforce, or to resolve any doubt concerning, or 
for any other purpose in relation to, the Master Trust Deed, the relevant Supplemental Trust 
Deed(s), the Trust Certificates and the Terms and Conditions each of which such amounts shall 
have been properly incurred by the relevant Trustee and to pay any remuneration agreed with such 
Trustee pursuant to such arrangements as the Wakeel, the Delegate and such Trustee shall 
separately agree; and 
(c)
third on any Settlement Date immediately preceding a Periodic Distribution Date, to pay to the 
Principal Paying Agent any Periodic Distribution Amounts due and payable on the immediately 
following Periodic Distribution Date. 
Notwithstanding the above, in respect of each Series of Trust Certificates and unless otherwise specified 
in the Wakala Agreement, as the case may be, applicable to the relevant Series, on the Dissolution Date 
the Wakeel will apply (a) any Principal Collections (including any residual Revenue Generating Assets 
Make-Whole Amount) and (b) any Profit Collections in accordance with the priority of payments set out 
in the Master Trust Deed as reproduced in the Terms and Conditions. 
Representations and Warranties
The Wakeel shall make certain limited representations and warranties including, inter alia, as to due 
incorporation, power and authority, its constitution and composition, its liquidity and solvency and the 
validity of its obligations. 
Termination of Appointment and IsDB Events
Subject to finding a suitable replacement, the IsDB may resign as Wakeel, or be dismissed by the 
Trustees upon 30 days' notice to the other party provided that a successor has been duly appointed in its 
place. 
The Wakeel's appointment can also be terminated in certain other circumstances but in particular, the 
Wakeel's appointment as Wakeel may be terminated without notice upon the occurrence of any of the 
following events (each an IsDB Event). However, the occurrence of an IsDB Event will also be a

--- Page 192 ---
170
Dissolution Event allowing the Delegate, at its option to declare (or shall declare upon written request 
of Certificateholders representing not less than one fifth in principal amount of the relevant Series of 
Trust Certificates for the time being outstanding) the Trust Certificates of the relevant Series to be 
immediately due and payable. The IsDB Events are as follows: 
(a)
the IsDB fails to pay an amount under the Wakala Agreement, the Guarantee, the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed, any IsDB Purchase Agreement, any Sale Agreement or any other Transaction 
Document to which it is a party; 
(b)
the IsDB fails to perform or observe any of its covenants and/or obligations or is in breach of any 
of its representations and warranties in each case under the Wakala Agreement or under any other 
Programme Document or Transaction Document to which it is a party and such failure or breach 
remains unremedied for 30 days after the Delegate has given written notice thereof to the IsDB; 
(c)
the IsDB repudiates any Programme Document or Transaction Document to which it is a party or 
does or causes to be done any act or thing evidencing an intention to repudiate any Programme 
Document or Transaction Document to which it is a party; 
(d)
at any time it is or will become unlawful or contrary to its Articles of Agreement for the IsDB to 
perform or comply with any or all of its obligations under the Programme Documents or 
Transaction Document or any of the obligations of the IsDB under the Programme Documents or 
Transaction Document are not or cease to be legal, valid, binding and enforceable; 
(e)
the IsDB temporarily suspends or temporarily terminates its operations or intends to temporarily 
suspend or temporarily terminate its operations; 
(f)
there occurs any distribution of the assets of the IsDB contrary to its Articles of Agreement; 
(g)
the Board of Governors of the IsDB passes a resolution to terminate the operations of the IsDB; 
(h)
an order is made or an effective resolution passed for winding up the IsDB (unless the order is 
made for the purpose of a reorganisation, whilst solvent, of the IsDB); or 
(i)
the IsDB ceases to carry on its business or a substantial part of its business or stops payment of 
any amounts due to its creditors generally or becomes unable to pay its debts as they fall due or 
otherwise becomes insolvent (unless it does so for the purpose of a reorganisation, the terms of 
which have been approved in writing by the Trustees and where the IsDB demonstrates to the 
satisfaction of the Trustees that it is solvent). 
Guarantee 
The Guarantee was executed by the IsDB in favour of the Trustees on the Programme Date and is 
governed by English law. In addition, on the relevant Closing Date of each Tranche, the IsDB will 
confirm in a certificate on each Closing Date that the guarantee, undertaking and indemnity set out in 
the Guarantee remains in full force and effect and shall extend to the Initial Portfolio or Additional 
Portfolio, as the case may be, in respect of that Tranche. Pursuant to the Guarantee, the Guarantor has 
irrevocably and unconditionally guaranteed to each relevant Trustee the punctual performance of any 
and all payment obligations arising or falling due under or in respect of each Portfolio Constituent Asset 
comprised in the Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates issued by the relevant 
Trustee (including the obligations of lessees in respect of any Leased Assets, issuers and obligors in 
respect of any Sukuk, obligors under Disbursing Istisna'a Assets, obligors under Restricted Mudaraba 
Assets and debtors in respect of any Murabaha Receivables, Commodity Murabaha (Tawarruq) 
Receivables, Loan (Qard) Receivables and Istisna'a Receivables). Further, the Guarantor has agreed 
under the Guarantee that if any obligation guaranteed by it is or becomes unenforceable, invalid or illegal,

--- Page 193 ---
171
it will, as an independent and primary obligation, indemnify the relevant Trustee immediately on demand 
against any cost, loss or liability it incurs as a result of the principal debtor not paying any amount which 
would, but for such unenforceability, invalidity or illegality, have been payable by it under the Portfolio 
on the date when it would have been due. The Guarantor has also agreed that if, on a day falling three 
Business Days prior to a Periodic Distribution Date in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, 
there is a shortfall between the Periodic Distribution Amounts due on the immediately following Periodic 
Distribution Date and the Profit Collections (as defined in the Master Wakala Agreement) received in 
respect of the Portfolio Constituent Assets (as defined in the Master Trust Deed) comprised in the 
Portfolio relating to the such Series of Trust Certificates (whether due to the maturity of obligations, the 
early repayment of amounts due or a failure by any person to pay amounts that have become due and 
payable, in respect of such Portfolio Constituent Assets or for any other reason), such that the relevant 
Trustee would be unable to pay Periodic Distribution Amounts (including any additional amounts 
payable under Condition 12 (Taxation)) due to Certificateholders on such Periodic Distribution Date in 
full, the Guarantor shall immediately pay to the relevant Trustee the amount of such shortfall in the 
manner and currency prescribed by the Conditions for payment by such Trustee in respect of Trust 
Certificates. It is expected that the amounts received by such Trustee pursuant to the Guarantee will be 
sufficient to allow it to make timely payment of Periodic Distribution Amounts due to Certificateholders 
under the Trust Certificates (including any additional amounts required to be paid in respect of the Trust 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)). 
The relevant Trustee has agreed pursuant to the Programme Documents that only such amounts as are 
equal to the profit due in respect of the relevant Series of Trust Certificates (including any additional 
amounts required to be paid in respect of the Trust Certificates pursuant to Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
shall be paid to such Trustee pursuant to the Guarantee, with the remainder being retained by the IsDB 
as an incentive fee in respect of its role as Wakeel under the Programme. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the obligations guaranteed by the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee in 
respect of the assets comprised in the Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates are 
solely those payment obligations which fall due under or in connection with such assets on and from the 
Issue Date of the relevant Tranche(s) of Trust Certificates to and including the Dissolution Date of the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates (save that, where amounts continue to be payable on any Trust 
Certificate pursuant to Condition 7.6 (Fixed Periodic Distribution Amount Provisions – Cessation of 
Profit Entitlement) or Condition 8.5 (Floating Periodic Distribution Amount Provisions – Cessation of 
Profit Entitlement)), the obligations of the Guarantor pursuant to the Guarantee shall continue in full 
force and effect in respect of any obligations arising or falling due under or in respect of each Portfolio 
Constituent Asset comprised in the Portfolio relating to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates following 
such Dissolution Date and until all amounts in the form of profit due to Certificateholders of that Series 
have been paid to such Certificateholders in full. 
Purchase Undertaking Deed 
The Purchase Undertaking Deed was executed by the IsDB in favour of the Trustees on the Programme 
Date and is governed by English law. 
The IsDB shall be irrevocably and unconditionally obliged in favour of the relevant Trustee and the 
Delegate to purchase all of the relevant Trustee's rights, benefits and entitlements in and to the Portfolio 
for each Series on the relevant Maturity Date of the relevant Series or prior thereto following the 
occurrence of a Dissolution Event (in each case, if applicable). 
The purchase price payable to the relevant Trustee shall be equal to (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement(s), as the case may be) of the relevant 
Series, plus (b) the amount of any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. Payments of the 
purchase price are required to be made in the Specified Currency of the relevant Series (a) in accordance

--- Page 194 ---
172
with the instructions of the IsDB as Wakeel acting pursuant to the Wakala Agreement or (b) if no such 
instructions are received within a reasonable time, to the account specified by the Principal Paying Agent. 
IsDB will undertake that to the extent that the sale of any Portfolio Constituent Asset (a Relevant Asset) 
by the IsDB to a Trustee is not effective in any jurisdiction for any reason, and as a result such Trustee 
or, as the case may be, the Delegate, is unable to realise in full or does not actually receive in full, the 
relevant Exercise Price which is expressed to be due and payable under this Deed at the relevant time, 
IsDB hereby agrees (without double counting) to (a) make payment of an amount equal to the purchase 
price paid by such Trustee for the Relevant Asset by way of restitution to such Trustee immediately upon 
request; and (b) indemnify fully such Trustee for any shortfall between the amount received by such 
Trustee and the amount required for the purpose of redemption in full of the outstanding Trust 
Certificates of the relevant Series. 
The IsDB has agreed in the Purchase Undertaking Deed that all payments by it under the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed will be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of tax unless 
required by law and without set-off or counterclaim and, in the event that there is any deduction, 
withholding, set off or counterclaim, the IsDB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt 
by the relevant Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no withholding, 
deduction, set-off or counterclaim had been made. 
The specific terms applicable to each such sale will be confirmed in a IsDB Purchase Agreement, to be 
executed by the relevant Trustee and the IsDB on the relevant Dissolution Date of the relevant Series of 
Trust Certificates. The form of each such IsDB Purchase Agreement is appended to the Purchase 
Undertaking Deed. 
Sale Undertaking Deed 
The Sale Undertaking Deed was executed by the Trustees in favour of the IsDB on the Programme Date 
and is governed by English law. 
Pursuant to the Sale Undertaking Deed, subject to the relevant Trustee being entitled to redeem the Trust 
Certificates pursuant to Condition 11.2 (Early Dissolution for Tax Reasons) or, if specified in the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, Condition 11.3 (Dissolution at the 
Option of the Trustee) being applicable to the relevant Series of Trust Certificates, the IsDB may, by 
exercising its option under the Sale Undertaking Deed and serving notice on the relevant Trustee 
specifying the relevant Dissolution Date, which must not be less than 30 nor more than 60 days after the 
date on which the notice is given and (if the Floating Periodic Distributions Amounts are specified as 
being in the Final Terms or Pricing Supplement(s), as the case may be as being applicable) must also be 
a Periodic Distribution Date, oblige the relevant Trustee to sell all of its rights, benefits and entitlements 
in and to the Portfolio to the IsDB on the relevant Dissolution Date. 
The purchase price payable by the IsDB will be an amount equal to (a) the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(as specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement(s), as the case may be) of the relevant 
Series, plus (b) the amount of any accrued but unpaid Periodic Distribution Amounts. Payments of the 
purchase price are required to be made in the Specified Currency of the relevant Series (a) in accordance 
with the instructions of the IsDB as Wakeel acting pursuant to the Master Wakala Agreement and the 
relevant Supplemental Wakala Agreement or (b) if no such instructions are received within a reasonable 
time, to the account specified by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The IsDB has agreed in the Sale Undertaking Deed that all payments by it under the Sale Undertaking 
Deed will be made without any deduction or withholding for or on account of tax unless required by law 
and without set-off or counterclaim and, in the event that there is any deduction, withholding, set off or 
counterclaim, the IsDB shall pay all additional amounts as will result in the receipt by the relevant

--- Page 195 ---
173
Trustee of such net amounts as would have been received by it if no withholding, deduction, set-off or 
counterclaim had been made. 
Representations of no Immunity 
In each of the Transaction Documents and the Programme Documents to which the IsDB and the 
Delegate are parties, the IsDB has represented and warranted that it has entered into each of such 
Programme Documents in connection with the exercise of its powers to raise money. Accordingly, the 
IsDB has, in each of those Programme Documents, acknowledged and agreed that it is not entitled to 
claim for itself or any of its assets immunity from legal process in actions taken in relation to any 
Programme Document and brought against the IsDB in a court of competent jurisdiction by the relevant 
Trustee(s) and/or the Delegate irrespective of the identity of the holders of beneficial interests in the 
Trust Certificates. 
Shari’a Compliance
Each Programme Document and Transaction Document will provide that each of IDB Trust Services 
Limited, IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL and the Islamic Development Bank (to the extent each is a 
party to the relevant document), that it has accepted the Shari’a compliant nature of the Conditions, each 
Programme Document and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and, to the extent permitted 
by law, further agrees that: (a) it shall not claim that any of its obligations under the Conditions, the 
Programme Documents and the Transaction Documents to which it is a party (or any provision thereof) 
is ultra vires or not compliant with the principles of Shari'a; (b) it shall not take any steps or bring any 
proceedings in any forum to challenge the Shari'a compliance of the Conditions, the Programme 
Documents or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party; and (c) none of its obligations under the 
Conditions, the Programme Documents or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party shall in any 
way be diminished, abrogated, impaired, invalidated or otherwise adversely affected by any finding, 
declaration, pronouncement, order or judgment of any court, tribunal or other body that the Conditions, 
the Programme Documents or the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are not compliant with 
the principles of Shari'a. 
Furthermore, the parties to the Programme Documents acknowledge and agree that, notwithstanding any 
other provisions of a Programme Document, the principle of payment of interest is repugnant to the 
principles of Shari’a and to the extent that any law or provision would impose (whether by contract or 
statute) an obligation to pay interest to the other party in relation to a Programme Document, each party 
hereto waives and rejects the entitlement to recover interest from another party.

--- Page 196 ---
174
TAXATION 
THE FOLLOWING IS A GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
RELATING TO THE TRUST CERTIFICATES. IT DOES NOT PURPORT TO BE A 
COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF ALL TAX CONSIDERATIONS RELATING TO THE TRUST 
CERTIFICATES. PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF TRUST CERTIFICATES SHOULD 
CONSULT THEIR TAX ADVISERS AS TO THE CONSEQUENCES UNDER THE TAX LAWS 
OF THE COUNTRY OF WHICH THEY ARE RESIDENT FOR TAX PURPOSES OF 
ACQUIRING, HOLDING AND DISPOSING OF TRUST CERTIFICATES AND RECEIVING 
PAYMENTS OF PROFIT, PRINCIPAL AND/OR OTHER AMOUNTS UNDER THE TRUST 
CERTIFICATES. THIS SUMMARY IS BASED UPON THE LAW AS IN EFFECT ON THE 
DATE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND IS SUBJECT TO ANY CHANGE IN LAW THAT 
MAY TAKE EFFECT AFTER SUCH DATE. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) 
for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, 
Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia (the participating Member States). However, Estonia has since stated 
that it will not participate. 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Certificates 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within 
and outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in 
Certificates where at least one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, "established" in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including: (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State; or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between participating Member States. It may 
therefore be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which remains unclear. Additional EU 
Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of Certificates are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the 
FTT. 
FATCA
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, 
a "foreign financial institution" may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (foreign 
passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. 
A number of jurisdictions (including the jurisdiction of the Issuer) have entered into, or have agreed in 
substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which 
modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently 
in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold 
under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA 
provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Trust Certificates, including whether withholding would 
ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the 
Trust Certificates, are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required 
pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Trust Certificates, 
such withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final 
regulations defining foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register, and Trust 
Certificates characterised as debt (or which are not otherwise characterised as equity and have a fixed 
term) for U.S. federal tax purposes that are issued on or prior to the date that is six months after the date

--- Page 197 ---
175
on which final regulations defining "foreign passthru payments" are published generally would be 
"grandfathered" for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after such date.  
Certificateholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their 
investment in the Trust Certificates. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA 
or an IGA with respect to payments on the Trust Certificates, no person will be required to pay additional 
amounts as a result of the withholding. 
JERSEY TAXATION 
The following summary of the anticipated tax treatment in Jersey in relation to the payments on the Trust 
Certificates is based on the taxation law and practice in force at the date of this document, and does not 
constitute legal or tax advice and prospective investors should be aware that the relevant fiscal rules 
and practice and their interpretation may change. Prospective investors should consult their own 
professional advisers on the implications of subscribing for, buying, holding, selling, redeeming or 
disposing of Trust Certificates and the receipt of interest and distributions (whether or not on a winding-
up) with respect to such Trust Certificates under the laws of the jurisdictions in which they may be liable 
to taxation. 
Jersey 
The Income Tax (Jersey) Law 1961, as amended (the Law) provides that the general basic rate of income 
tax on the profits of companies regarded as resident in Jersey or having a permanent establishment in 
Jersey, is zero per cent. (zero tax rating) and that only a limited number of financial services companies 
which are regulated by the Jersey Financial Services Commission under the Financial Services (Jersey) 
Law 1998, are subject to income tax at a rate of 10 per cent. For so long as IDB Trust Services Limited 
holds a "zero tax rating", payments in respect of the Trust Certificates issued by it will not be subject to 
any taxation in Jersey and no withholding in respect of Jersey taxation will be required on payments to 
any holder of such Trust Certificates. 
Under current Jersey law, there are no capital gains, capital transfer, gift, wealth or inheritance taxes or 
any death or estate duties. No stamp duty is levied in Jersey on the issue or transfer of Trust Certificates. 
On the death of an individual sole Certificateholder (whether or not such individual was resident in 
Jersey), duty at rates of up to 0.75 per cent. of the value of the relevant Trust Certificates may be payable 
on the registration of Jersey probate or letters of administration. 
Goods and Services Tax (GST) 
Pursuant to the Goods and Services Tax (Jersey) Law 2007 (the 2007 Law), tax at a rate which is 
currently five per cent. applies to the supply of retail goods and services unless the relevant supplier or 
recipient of such goods and services is registered as an "international services entity". 
IDB Trust Services Limited is an "international services entity" within the meaning of the 2007 Law, 
having satisfied the requirements of the Goods and Services Tax (International Services Entities) (Jersey) 
Regulations 2008, as amended (the ISE Regulations) and, as long as it continues to be such an entity, a 
supply of goods or of a service made by or to IDB Trust Services Limited shall not be a taxable supply 
for the purposes of the 2007 Law. 
LUXEMBOURG TAXATION 
The following information is based on the laws, regulations, decisions and practice currently in force in 
Luxembourg and is subject to changes therein, possibly with retrospective effect. This tax section is a 
short summary of certain Luxembourg tax aspects that may be or may become relevant with respect to

--- Page 198 ---
176
the Trust Certificates as in effect and as applied by the relevant tax authorities as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus and is subject to changes in law and/or interpretation hereof. It does not purport to be a 
comprehensive discussion of the tax treatment of the Trust Certificates that may be relevant to make a 
decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Trust Certificates. 
The following information is not intended to be legal or tax advice. Prospective investors should consult 
their own professional advisors on the implications of making an investment in, holding or disposing of 
Trust Certificates and the receipt of interest with respect to such Trust Certificates under the laws of the 
countries in which they may be liable to taxation. This summary does not describe any tax consequences 
arising under the laws of any state, locality or other taxing jurisdiction other than Luxembourg. 
The residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg income tax 
assessment purposes only. Any reference in this section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other charge or 
withholding tax of a similar nature refers to Luxembourg tax law and/or concepts only. Certificateholders 
may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, levies or taxes. 
Corporate income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial 
communal) as well as the solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) invariably apply to 
most corporate taxpayers resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain 
circumstances, where an individual taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or 
business undertaking, municipal business tax may apply as well.  
Withholding Tax  
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and with the possible exception of profit10 paid to 
Luxembourg resident individual holders of the Trust Certificates, there is no Luxembourg withholding 
tax on payments of profit or equivalent return (including accrued but unpaid profit or return) or upon 
payment of principal in case of redemption or repurchase of the Trust Certificates.  
(a) Non-resident holders of Trust Certificates 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax on payments of 
principal, premium or profit or equivalent return made to non-resident holders of Trust Certificates, nor 
on accrued but unpaid profit or return in respect of the Trust Certificates, nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Trust Certificates held by non-
resident holders.  
(b) Resident holders of Trust Certificates 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the Luxembourg law of 23 
December 2005, as amended (the Relibi Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, 
premium or profit or equivalent return made to Luxembourg resident holders of Trust Certificates, nor 
on accrued but unpaid profit or equivalent return in respect of the Trust Certificates, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption, repurchase or exchange of the Trust Certificates 
held by resident holders.  
Under the Relibi Law, payments of interest or equivalent return (which would include profit) made or 
ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner (a natural 
10 Circular L.G.-A no. 55 issued by the Luxembourg tax authorities on 12 January 2010 provides that, for Luxembourg tax 
purposes, sukuk must be treated as conventional debt instruments and the remuneration under sukuk must be treated as interest. 
The afore-mentioned Circular Letter furthermore confirms that the return of the sukuk, even if linked to or contingent on 
underlying assets shall not be subject to certain rules that impose withholding tax on certain types of profit sharing or profit 
linked interest or equivalent return.

--- Page 199 ---
177
person) who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of currently 20 per cent.. 
Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial owner is an individual 
acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for the withholding of 
the tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payments of profit under the Trust Certificates 
coming within the scope of the Relibi Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of currently 20 
per cent.  
Income Taxation  
(a) Non-resident holders of Trust Certificates 
Non-resident holders of Trust Certificates, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative, or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Trust Certificates or income 
thereon are attributable, are not subject to Luxembourg income taxes on profit accrued or received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Trust Certificates nor on capital gains realised on the 
sale, exchange or disposal of the Trust Certificates. Non-resident corporate or individual holders acting 
in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, who have a permanent 
establishment, a permanent representative, or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which or to 
whom such Trust Certificates are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax (and where 
applicable municipal business tax) on profit accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Trust Certificates and on any gains realised upon the sale, exchange or disposal of 
the Trust Certificates.  
(b) Resident holders of Trust Certificates  
 (i) Resident individual holders of Trust Certificates  
Resident individual holders of Trust Certificates, acting in the course of the management of his/her 
private wealth, are subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of profit or 
equivalent income received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Trust Certificates, 
except if (i) withholding tax has been levied on such payments in accordance with the Relibi Law, or (ii) 
the individual holder of the Trust Certificates has opted for the application of a currently 20 per cent. tax 
in full discharge of income tax in accordance with the Relibi Law, which applies if a payment of profit 
or equivalent income has been made or ascribed by a paying agent established in a EU Member State 
(other than Luxembourg), or in a Member State of the European Economic Area (other than a EU 
Member State).  
A gain realised by resident individual holders of Trust Certificates, acting in the course of the 
management of his/her private wealth, upon the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of 
Trust Certificates is not subject to Luxembourg income tax, provided this sale, exchange or disposal took 
place more than six months after the Trust Certificates were acquired. However, any portion of such gain 
corresponding to accrued but unpaid profit is subject to Luxembourg income tax, except if tax has been 
levied on such profit in accordance with the Relibi Law.  
Resident individual holders of Trust Certificates, acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking must include profit or similar income received, redemption 
premiums or issue discounts, under the Trust Certificates, as well as any gain realised upon the sale, 
exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of Trust Certificates, in their taxable basis, which will be 
subject to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates. If applicable, the tax levied in accordance with 
the Relibi Law will be credited against his/her final tax liability.  
(ii) Resident corporate holders of Trust Certificates

--- Page 200 ---
178
Resident corporate holders of Trust Certificates must include any profit or similar income received, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Trust Certificates, as well as any gain realised upon 
the sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Trust Certificates, in their taxable income 
for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
Corporate holders of Trust Certificates that are governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate 
management companies, as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective 
investment, as amended, or the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, 
or by the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended, and which do not 
fall under the special tax regime set out in article 48 thereof, are neither subject to Luxembourg income 
tax (or where applicable municipal business tax) in respect of profit or equivalent income earned, 
redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Trust Certificates, nor on any gain realised upon the 
sale, exchange or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Trust Certificates.  
Net wealth taxation  
Resident corporate holders of Trust Certificates as well as non-resident corporate holders of Trust 
Certificates which maintain a permanent establishment, fixed place of business or a permanent 
representative in Luxembourg to which such Trust Certificates or income thereon are attributable, are 
subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Trust Certificates, except if the holders of Trust 
Certificates are a family estate management company introduced by the law of 11 May 2007 on family 
estate management companies, as amended, an undertaking for collective investment governed by the 
law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, a securitisation vehicle 
governed by and compliant with the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, a capital 
company governed by and compliant with the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as 
amended, a specialised investment fund governed by the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or a reserved alternative investment fund governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 on reserved alternative investment funds, as amended.  
Certificateholders should note however that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 
2004 on securitisation, as amended, capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture 
capital vehicles, as amended, and reserved alternative investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 
2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 48 thereof may, under certain 
conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax. 
Non-resident corporate holders of Trust Certificates, not having a permanent establishment, a permanent 
representative, or a fixed place of business in Luxembourg to which the Trust Certificates or income 
thereon are attributable, as well as individual holders of Trust Certificates, whether he/she is resident of 
Luxembourg or not, are not subject to Luxembourg net wealth tax on such Trust Certificates.  
Residence 
A Certificateholder will not become resident, or deemed to be resident, in Luxembourg for tax purposes 
by reason only of holding the Trust Certificates. 
Stamp or similar duties and taxes  
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of the Trust Certificates will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp 
duty; value added tax, issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties. 
However, a fixed or ad valorem registration duty may be due upon the registration of the Trust 
Certificates in Luxembourg in the case where the Trust Certificates are physically attached to a public 
deed or to any other document subject to mandatory registration, as well as in the case of a registration 
of the Trust Certificates on a voluntary basis.

--- Page 201 ---
179
Inheritance and gift taxes 
No inheritance tax is levied on the transfer of the Trust Certificates upon death of an investor in cases 
where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes. Where the 
Certificateholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Trust 
Certificates may be included in his/her taxable estate for inheritance tax purposes. 
Gift tax may be due on a gift or a donation of the Trust Certificates if passed before a Luxembourg notary 
or recorded in a deed registered in Luxembourg. 
CANADA TAXATION  
No representation or warranty is made as to the tax consequence to a Canadian resident of an investment 
in the Trust Certificates. Canadian residents are advised that an investment in the Trust Certificates may 
give rise to particular tax consequences affecting them. Accordingly, Canadian residents are strongly 
encouraged to consult with their tax advisers prior to making any investment in the Trust Certificates. 
ROC TAXATION  
This is applicable in the event that the Trust Certificates are listed on the Taipei Exchange of the ROC. 
The following summary of certain taxation provisions under ROC law is based on current law and 
practice and on the assumption that the Trust Certificates will be issued, offered, sold and re-sold only 
to professional investors as defined under Paragraph 1 of Article 2-1 of the Taipei Exchange Rules 
Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds of the ROC. It does not 
purport to be comprehensive and does not constitute legal or tax advice. Investors (particularly those 
subject to special tax rules, such as banks, dealers, insurance companies and tax-exempt entities) should 
consult with their own tax advisers regarding the tax consequences of an investment in the Trust 
Certificates. 
Periodic Distribution Amount on the Trust Certificates 
As each Issuer of the Trust Certificates is not an ROC statutory tax withholder, there is no ROC 
withholding tax on the periodic distribution amount to be paid by an Issuer on the Trust Certificates.  
Payments of any Periodic Distribution Amounts under the Trust Certificates to an ROC individual holder 
are not subject to ROC income tax as such payments received by him/her are not considered to be ROC 
sourced income. However, such holder must include the interests or deemed interests in calculating 
his/her basic income for the purpose of calculating his/her alternative minimum tax (AMT), unless the 
sum of the Periodic Distribution Amounts and other non-ROC sourced income received by such 
Certificateholder and the person(s) who is (are) required to jointly file the tax return in a calendar year 
is below NT$1,000,000. If the amount of the AMT calculated pursuant to the ROC Income Basic Tax 
Act (also known as the AMT Act) exceeds the annual income tax calculated pursuant to the ROC Income 
Tax Act, the excess becomes such Certificateholder's AMT payable.  
ROC corporate Certificateholders must include any Periodic Distribution Amounts receivable under the 
Trust Certificates as part of their taxable income and pay income tax at a flat rate of 20 per cent. 
(however, ROC corporate Certificateholders with less than NT$120,000 of taxable income in a fiscal 
year are exempt from corporate income tax, and those with less than NT$500,000 of taxable income in 
2019 are subject to corporate income tax at a rate of 19 percent), as they are subject to income tax on 
their worldwide income on an accrual basis. The AMT is not applicable to such Certificateholders. 
Sale of the Trust Certificates  
In general, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds is subject to 0.1 per cent. securities transaction 
tax (STT) on the transaction price. However, Article 2-1 of the Securities Transaction Tax Act prescribes 
that STT will cease to be levied on the sale of corporate bonds and financial bonds from 1 January 2010 
to 31 December 2026. Therefore, the sale of corporate bonds or financial bonds will be exempt from 
STT if the sale is conducted on or before 31 December 2026. Starting from 1 January 2027, any sale of 
corporate bonds or financial bonds will be subject to STT at 0.1 per cent. of the transaction price, unless

--- Page 202 ---
180
otherwise provided by the tax laws that may be in force at that time. Currently, as the tax authority of 
the ROC has not issued any ruling regarding the exemption of the STT to be levied on the sale of Trust 
Certificates, it is not clear whether the same STT exemption rule applicable to the sale of corporate bonds 
and financial bonds will apply to the sale of the Trust Certificates. 
Capital gains generated from the sale of bonds are exempt from income tax under Article 4-1 of the ROC 
Income Tax Act. Accordingly, ROC individual or corporate Certificateholders are not subject to income 
tax on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Trust Certificates. In addition, ROC individual 
Certificateholders are not subject to AMT on any capital gains generated from the sale of the Trust 
Certificates. However, ROC corporate Certificateholders should include the capital gains in calculating 
their basic income for the purpose of calculating their AMT. If the amount of the AMT exceeds the 
annual income tax calculated pursuant to the AMT Act, the excess becomes the ROC corporate 
Certificateholders' AMT payable. Capital losses, if any, incurred by such Certificateholders could be 
carried over 5 years to offset against capital gains of same category of income for the purposes of 
calculating their AMT.

--- Page 203 ---
181
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Trust Certificates may be sold from time to time by an Issuer to any one or more of CIMB Bank Berhad, 
Labuan Offshore Branch, Citigroup Global Markets Limited, Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment 
Bank, HSBC Bank plc, First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC, J.P. Morgan Securities plc, Natixis, Société 
Générale, Standard Chartered Bank or to any dealer appointed by an Issuer (with the prior consent of the 
IsDB) for the purposes of a particular issue of Trust Certificates only (together, the Dealers). The 
arrangements under which Trust Certificates may from time to time be agreed to be sold by an Issuer to, 
and purchased by, Dealers are set out in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 19 April 2022, 
as amended, restated and/or supplemented from time to time (the Dealer Agreement) and made between 
the Issuers, the IsDB and the Dealers, as supplemented by a subscription agreement in relation to the 
relevant Series of Trust Certificates. Any such agreements together, will, inter alia, make provision for 
the form and terms and conditions of the relevant Trust Certificates, the price at which such Trust 
Certificates will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles (if any) 
payable or allowable by the relevant Issuer in respect of such purchase. The Dealer Agreement makes 
provision for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the appointment 
of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Series of Trust Certificates. 
United States 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in 
accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from, or a transaction 
not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and undertake, that it has offered or sold the Trust Certificates, and will offer or sell any Trust 
Certificates (a) as part of their distribution at any time, and (b) otherwise until 40 days after the 
completion of the distribution of all Trust Certificates of the Tranche of which such Trust Certificates 
are a part, only in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S under the Securities Act and, accordingly, 
that: neither it nor any of its affiliates nor any person acting on its or their behalf has engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the Trust Certificates; and it and its affiliates have 
complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to undertake, that, at or prior to confirmation of sale, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person 
receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration which purchases Trust Certificates from it 
during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice in substantially the following form: 
"The securities covered hereby have not been registered under the United States Securities Act of 
1933 (the Securities Act) and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons, (a) as part of their distribution at any time or (b) otherwise 
until 40 days after the later the completion of distribution of the Securities as determined and 
certified by the relevant Dealer, in the case of a non-syndicated issue, or the Lead Arranger, in the 
case of a syndicated issue, and except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the 
Securities Act. Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of Trust Certificates 
within the United States by a dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from, or a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act.

--- Page 204 ---
182
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it, its affiliates or any persons acting on its or their behalf have 
not engaged and will not engage in any direct selling efforts with respect to any Trust Certificates and it 
and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions required of Regulation S. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Trust Certificates 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Trust Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable Pricing Supplement, 
as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the EEA. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Trust Certificates. 
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Trust Certificates 
specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that, in relation to each Member State of the EEA (each a Relevant State), it has 
not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms (or the applicable 
Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State, except 
that it may make an offer of such Trust Certificates to the public in that Relevant State: 
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer and/or the IsDB (if applicable) for any such offer; or 
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer, 
the IsDB or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Trust Certificates to the public in relation 
to any Trust Certificates in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means 
of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable 
an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the Trust Certificates.

--- Page 205 ---
183
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Trust Certificates 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make 
available any Trust Certificates which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation 
thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates.  
If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in respect of any Trust Certificates 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and 
agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Trust Certificates which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the the applicable Final Terms (or the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be) in relation thereto to the public in the United 
Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Trust Certificates to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the 
prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(C)
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Trust Certificates referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an offer of Trust Certificates to the public in relation 
to any Trust Certificates means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Trust Certificates to be offered so as to enable an investor

--- Page 206 ---
184
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Trust Certificates and the expression UK Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Trust Certificates which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will 
not offer or sell any Trust Certificates other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve 
them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or 
dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue 
of the Trust Certificates would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 
by the relevant Issuer; 
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to 
be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the 
meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Trust Certificates in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the 
relevant Issuer and the IsDB; and 
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Trust Certificates in, from or otherwise involving the 
United Kingdom. 
United Arab Emirates (excluding the DIFC) 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates to be issued under the Programme have not 
been and will not be offered, sold or publicly promoted or advertised by it in the United Arab Emirates 
other than in compliance with any laws applicable in the United Arab Emirates governing the issue, 
offering and sale of securities. 
DIFC 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered and will not offer the Trust Certificates to be 
issued under the Programme to any person in the DIFC unless such offer is: 
(a)
an "Exempt Offer" in accordance with the Market Rules (MKT) Module of the Dubai Financial 
Services Authority (the DFSA) rulebook; and 
(b)
made only to persons who meet the "Professional Client" criteria set out in Rule 2.3.3 of the Dubai 
Financial Services Authority Conduct of Business Module of the DFSA rulebook. 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
No action has been or will be taken in the KSA that would permit a public offering of any Trust 
Certificates. Any investor in the KSA or who is a Saudi person (a Saudi Investor) who acquires any

--- Page 207 ---
185
Trust Certificates pursuant to an offering should note that the offer of Trust Certificates is a private 
placement under Article 8 of the "Rules on the Offer of Securities and Continuing Obligations" as issued 
by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 3-123-2017 dated 27 December 2017, 
as amended by the Board of the Capital Market Authority resolution number 5-5-2022 dated 5 January 
2022 (the KSA Regulations), made through a person authorised by the Capital Market Authority (CMA) 
to carry on the securities activity of arranging and following a notification to the CMA under the KSA 
Regulations. 
The Trust Certificates may thus not be advertised, offered or sold to any person in the KSA other than 
to "institutional and qualified clients" under Article 8(a)(1) of the KSA Regulations or by way of a 
limited offer under Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that any offer of 
Trust Certificates by it to a Saudi Investor will be made in compliance with Article 10 and either Article 
8(a)(1) or Article 9 of the KSA Regulations. 
Each offer of Certificates shall not therefore constitute a "public offer", an "exempt offer" or a "parallel 
market offer" pursuant to the KSA Regulations, but is subject to the restrictions on secondary market 
activity under Article 14 of the KSA Regulations.  
Jersey 
The Trust Certificates may only be issued or allotted exclusively to: 
(a)
a person whose ordinary activities involve him in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of his business or who it is reasonable to 
expect will acquire, hold, arrange or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes 
of his business; or 
(b)
a person who has received and acknowledged a warning to the effect that (a) the Trust Certificates 
are only suitable for acquisition by a person who (i) has a significantly substantial asset base such 
as would enable him to sustain any loss that might be incurred as a result of acquiring the Trust 
Certificates; and (ii) is a sophisticated investor who understands the risks involved in acquiring 
such an investment. 
Neither the issue of the Trust Certificates nor the activities of any functionary with regard to the issue of 
the Trust Certificates are subject to all the provisions of the Financial Services (Jersey) Law 1998. 
Each person who acquires Trust Certificates will be deemed, by such acquisition, to have represented 
that he or it is one of the foregoing persons. 
Luxembourg 
The Trust Certificates have not been and will not be offered to the public, within the meaning of Article 
2(d) of the Prospectus Regulation, in or from Luxembourg and each Dealer has represented and agreed, 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it 
will not offer the Trust Certificates or cause the offering of the Trust Certificates or contribute to the 
offering of the Trust Certificates to the public in or from Luxembourg, unless: 

a prospectus has been duly approved by the Luxembourg financial supervisory authority, the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF), in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation and the Luxembourg Act dated 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities (the 
Prospectus Act); or

--- Page 208 ---
186

if Luxembourg is the relevant Issuer’s host Member State within the meaning of Article 2(n)(ii) 
of the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF has been notified by the home Member State’s competent 
authority that the latter has duly approved the prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 

the offer is made to a qualified investor within the meaning of Article 2(e) of the Prospectus 
Regulation; or 

the offer benefits from any other exemption from, or constitutes a transaction otherwise not subject 
to, the requirement to publish a prospectus pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation or the Prospectus 
Act. 
The CSSF has not and will not review, approve or register the Base Prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Act. 
The Trust Certificates are not and will not be listed or otherwise admitted to trading, under the Prospectus 
Regulation or the Prospectus Act, on any Luxembourg stock exchange or on any other regulated or 
unregulated market in Luxembourg. 
Hong Kong 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, 
any Trust Certificates other than (a) to persons whose ordinary business is to buy or sell shares 
or debentures (whether as principal or agent); or (b) to "professional investors" as defined in 
the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap. 571) of Hong Kong (the SFO) and any rules made 
under the SFO; or (c) in other circumstances which do not result in the document being a 
"prospectus" as defined in the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong or which do not 
constitute an offer to the public within the meaning of the Companies Ordinance (Cap. 32); and 
(b) it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in 
its possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, 
invitation or document relating to the Trust Certificates, which is directed at, or the contents of 
which are likely to be accessed or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do 
so under the securities laws of Hong Kong) other than with respect to the Trust Certificates 
which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside Hong Kong or only to 
"professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made under the SFO. 
Singapore 
This Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority 
of Singapore. Accordingly each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Trust 
Certificates or caused the Trust Certificates to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or 
purchase and will not offer or sell any Trust Certificates or cause the Trust Certificates to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it 
circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus and any other document or material in connection with the 
offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Trust Certificates, whether directly or 
indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than: (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 
4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) 
of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or to any person pursuant to Section 275(1A), and

--- Page 209 ---
187
in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and 
in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Trust Certificates are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant 
person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole 
business of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or 
more individuals, each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments 
and each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of 
that corporation or the beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be 
transferred within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Trust Certificates 
pursuant to an offer made under Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(i)
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred 
to in Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA; 
(ii)
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer; 
(iii)
where the transfer is by operation of law; 
(iv)
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or 
(v)
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities 
and Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Singapore SFA Product Classification: In connection with Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA and the 
CMP Regulations 2018, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement, 
the Trustee has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of 
the SFA), that the Trust Certificates are ‘prescribed capital markets products’ (as defined in the CMP 
Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice 
on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products). 
State of Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, delivered or sold, and will not offer, deliver 
or sell, directly or indirectly, any Trust Certificates in the State of Qatar (Qatar) (including the Qatar 
Financial Centre), except (i) in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations of Qatar (including 
the Qatar Financial Centre); and (ii) through persons or corporate entities authorised and licensed to 
provide investment advice and/or engage in brokerage activity and/or trade in respect of foreign 
securities in Qatar. This Base Prospectus (i) has not been filed with, reviewed or approved by the Qatar 
Central Bank, the Qatar Financial Markets Authority, Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority or 
any other relevant Qatar governmental body or securities exchange; (ii) is intended for the original 
recipient only and must not be provided to any other person; and (iii) is not for general circulation in 
Qatar (including the Qatar Financial Centre) and may not be reproduced or used for any other purpose.

--- Page 210 ---
188
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Trust 
Certificates except on a private placement basis to persons in Bahrain who are "accredited investors". 
For this purpose, an accredited investor means: 
(a)
an individual holding financial assets (either singly or jointly with a spouse) of U.S.$1,000,000 or 
more (excluding that person’s principal place of residence); 
(b)
a company, partnership, trust or other commercial undertaking which has financial assets available 
for investment of not less than U.S.$1,000,000; or 
(c)
a government, supranational organisation, central bank or other national monetary authority or a 
state organisation whose main activity is to invest in financial instruments (such as a state pension 
fund). 
Malaysia 
This Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Securities Commission Malaysia 
under the Capital Markets and Services Act 2007 of Malaysia (the CMSA). 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that the Trust Certificates have not been and will not 
be offered or sold by it, and no invitation to subscribe for or purchase the Trust Certificates has been or 
will be made by it, directly or indirectly, nor may any document or other material in connection therewith 
be distributed by it in Malaysia, other than to persons falling within any one of the categories of persons 
specified under Part I of Schedule 6, Part I of Schedule 7 and Schedule 8 or Section 257(3), read together 
with Schedule 9 or Section 257(3) of the CMSA, subject to any law, order, regulation or official directive 
of the Central Bank of Malaysia, the Securities Commission Malaysia and/or any other regulatory 
authority from time to time. 
Residents of Malaysia may be required to obtain relevant regulatory approvals including approval from 
the Controller of Foreign Exchange to purchase the Trust Certificates. The onus is on the Malaysian 
residents concerned to obtain such regulatory approvals and none of the Dealers is responsible for any 
invitation, offer, sale or purchase of the Trust Certificates as aforesaid without the necessary approvals 
being in place. 
The Republic of China  
The Trust Certificates have not been, and will not be, registered or filed with, or approved by, the 
Financial Supervisory Commission of the ROC and/or any other regulatory authority or agency of the 
ROC pursuant to applicable securities laws and regulations, and may not be sold, offered or otherwise 
made available within the ROC through a public offering or in circumstances which constitute an offer 
within the meaning of the ROC Securities and Exchange Act or relevant laws and regulations that require 
a registration, filing or approval of the Financial Supervisory Commission of the ROC and/or other 
regulatory authority or agency of the ROC. No person or entity in the ROC is authorised to offer, sell or 
otherwise make available any Trust Certificates or provide any information relating to the Base 
Prospectus.  
In the event that the Trust Certificates are to be listed on the Taipei Exchange, the Trust Certificates have 
not been, and shall not be, offered, sold or re-sold, directly or indirectly to investors other than 
"professional investors" as defined under Paragraph 1 of Article 2-1 the Taipei Exchange Rules

--- Page 211 ---
189
Governing Management of Foreign Currency Denominated International Bonds of the ROC. Purchasers 
of the Trust Certificates are not permitted to sell or otherwise dispose of the Trust Certificates except by 
transfer to a professional investor. 
Canada 
The distribution of the Trust Certificates in each of the provinces of Canada will be made only on a 
private placement basis exempt from the requirement to prepare and file a prospectus with the securities 
regulatory authorities in each of the provinces of Canada where trades of the Trust Certificates are made. 
The Issuers are not reporting issuers in any province or territory of Canada.  Any resale of the Trust 
Certificates in Canada must be made under applicable securities laws which may impose a hold 
period or require resales to be made under available statutory exemptions or under a discretionary 
exemption granted by the applicable Canadian securities regulatory authority. Canadian 
purchasers are further advised that there is no intention to file a prospectus or similar document 
with any securities regulatory authority in Canada with respect to the offering or with respect to 
the resale of the Trust Certificates to the public in any province or territory of Canada.  Purchasers 
are advised to seek legal advice prior to any resale of the Trust Certificates as such resales may 
only be undertaken in accordance with applicable laws. 
By purchasing the Trust Certificates in Canada and accepting a purchase confirmation, a purchaser is 
representing to the relevant Issuer and the initial purchasers and, where applicable, their Canadian 
affiliates, and the dealer from whom the purchase confirmation is received that: 
(d)
it is basing its investment decision solely on the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms and 
not on any other information concerning the relevant Issuer, the IsDB or the offering and the 
offering of the Trust Certificates was made exclusively through this Base Prospectus and the 
relevant Final Terms and was not made through an advertisement of the Trust Certificates in any 
printed media of general and regular paid circulation, radio, television or telecommunications, 
including electronic display, or any other form of advertising in Canada; 
(e)
the purchaser is entitled under applicable provincial securities laws to purchase the Trust 
Certificates without the benefit of a prospectus qualified under those securities laws, and without 
limiting the generality of the foregoing: (a) the purchaser is resident in or otherwise subject to the 
securities laws of British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, Québec, New 
Brunswick, Newfoundland and Labrador, Nova Scotia or Prince Edward Island; and (b) such 
purchaser is an “accredited investor” as defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 – 
Prospectus Exemptions (“NI 45-106”) or, if resident in the province of Ontario, as defined in 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario); 
(f)
if requested to do so, the purchaser will provide us and the initial purchasers with confirmation of 
the specific paragraph of the definition of “accredited investor” on which it is relying; 
(g)
the purchaser is: (a) purchasing the Trust Certificates from an initial purchaser (or, where 
applicable, its Canadian affiliate) that is registered as an investment dealer, a restricted dealer 
acting in accordance with the terms, conditions, restrictions or requirements applied to its 
registration, or an exempt market dealer (in each case that is not relying on the “international 
dealer” exemption found in National Instrument 31-103 – Registration Requirements, Exemptions 
and Ongoing Registrant Obligations (“NI 31-103”)); or (b) purchasing the Trust Certificates 
through an initial purchaser that is relying on the international dealer exemption in NI 31-103 and 
such purchaser is a “permitted client” as defined in section 1.1 of NI 31-103, or as otherwise 
interpreted and applied by the Canadian Securities Administrators, which includes, among other 
things: (i) a person or company, other than an individual or an investment fund, that has net assets 
of at least C$25 million as shown on its most recently prepared financial statements; (ii) an 
individual who beneficially owns financial assets (being cash, securities, contracts of insurance, 
deposits, or evidence of a deposit) having an aggregate realisable value that, before taxes but net 
of any related liabilities, exceeds C$5 million; and (iii) a person or company acting on behalf of a

--- Page 212 ---
190
managed account which is managed by that person or company, if it is registered or authorised to 
carry on business as an adviser or the equivalent under the securities legislation of any province 
or territory of Canada, or the securities legislation of any other country; 
(h)
if the purchaser is an “accredited investor” in reliance on paragraph (j), (k) or (l) of the definition 
of “accredited investor” in section 1.1 of NI 45-106, the purchaser will provide to us and the initial 
purchasers a signed risk acknowledgement in the requisite form in the event that it is required; 
(i)
if the purchaser is an “accredited investor” in reliance on paragraph (m) of the definition of 
“accredited investor” in section 1.1 of NI 45-106, the purchaser was not created or used solely to 
purchase or hold securities as an accredited investor under that paragraph (m); 
(j)
the purchaser is not an “insider” of the relevant Issuer (within the meaning of Canadian securities 
laws) and is not registered as a dealer, adviser or otherwise under the securities laws of any 
province or territory of Canada (unless in either case it has specifically provided written advice to 
the contrary to the relevant Issuer and to the dealers participating in the sale of the securities to 
the purchaser); 
(k)
the purchaser is purchasing the Trust Certificates as principal and not as agent, or is otherwise 
deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with applicable securities laws; 
(l)
the funds being used to purchase the Trust Certificates are not, to the best of the purchaser’s 
knowledge, proceeds obtained or derived, directly or indirectly, as a result of illegal activities; 
(m)
the funds being used to purchase the Trust Certificates and advanced by or on behalf of the 
purchaser to the initial purchasers do not represent proceeds of crime for the purpose of the 
Proceeds of Crime (Money Laundering) and Terrorist Financing Act (Canada) (the 
“PCMLTFA”); 
(n)
to the best of the purchaser’s knowledge, none of the funds to be provided by or on behalf of the 
purchaser to the initial purchasers are being tendered on behalf of a person or entity who has not 
been identified to the purchaser;  
(o)
the purchaser shall promptly notify the relevant Issuer and the initial purchasers, as applicable, if 
the purchaser discovers that any such representations cease to be true, and shall provide the 
relevant Issuer and the initial purchasers, as applicable, with appropriate information in connection 
therewith; 
(p)
if required by applicable securities laws or stock exchange rules, the purchaser will execute, 
deliver and file or assist the Issuer in filing such reports, undertakings and other documents relating 
to the purchaser of the Trust Certificates as may be required by any securities commission, stock 
exchange or other regulatory authority, including for greater certainty any information that is 
required for completion of Form 45-106F1 under NI 45-106. 
General 
No action has been taken by the Issuers, the IsDB or any Dealer that would, or is intended to, permit a 
public offer of the Trust Certificates in any country or jurisdiction where any such action for that purpose 
is required. Accordingly, each Dealer has undertaken, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will undertake, that it will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Trust Certificates or 
distribute or publish any Base Prospectus, prospectus, form of application, advertisement or other 
document or information in any country or jurisdiction except under circumstances that will, to the best 
of its knowledge and belief, result in compliance with any applicable laws and regulations and all offers 
and sales of Trust Certificates by it will be made on the same terms. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable 
securities laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers 
Trust Certificates or possesses or distributes this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval

--- Page 213 ---
191
or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Trust Certificates under the 
laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, 
offers, sales or deliveries and none of the Issuers, the IsDB, the Delegate and any other Dealer shall have 
any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuers, the IsDB, the Delegate and any of the Dealers represents that Trust Certificates may 
at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements in any 
jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for 
facilitating any such sale. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Trust Certificates 
may come must inform themselves about and observe any applicable restrictions on the distribution of 
this Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of any Trust Certificates. 
With regard to each Series, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with any additional restrictions 
agreed between the relevant Issuer, the IsDB and the relevant Dealer and set out in the relevant 
subscription agreement.

--- Page 214 ---
192
CANADIAN PURCHASER’S RIGHTS 
In certain circumstances, purchasers resident in certain provinces of Canada are provided with a remedy 
for rescission or damages, or both, in addition to any other right they may have at law, where an offering 
memorandum and any amendment to it contains a misrepresentation. A “misrepresentation” is an untrue 
statement of material fact or an omission to state a material fact that is required to be stated or that is 
necessary to make any statement not misleading in the light of the circumstances in which it was made. 
These remedies, or notice with respect thereto, must be exercised or delivered, as the case may be, 
by the purchaser within the time limits prescribed by the applicable securities legislation.  
The following summary is subject to the express provisions of the applicable securities laws, regulations 
and rules, and reference is made thereto for the complete text of such provisions. Such provisions may 
contain limitations and statutory defences not described herein on which the IsDB and other applicable 
parties may rely. Purchasers should refer to the applicable provisions of the securities legislation of 
their province for the particulars of these rights or consult with a legal adviser.
The rights of action described below are in addition to, and without derogation from, any other right or 
remedy available at law to the purchaser and are intended to correspond to the provisions of the relevant 
securities legislation and are subject to the defences contained therein. 
Rights of Action—Ontario Purchasers Only 
Section 130.1 of the Securities Act (Ontario) (the “Ontario Act”) provides that, if this Base Prospectus, 
together with any amendment to it, is delivered to a purchaser resident in the Province of Ontario and 
contains a misrepresentation that was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase, the purchaser will be 
deemed to have relied upon the misrepresentation and will have a statutory right of action against the 
issuer for damages or, alternatively, while still the owner of the securities, for rescission. If the purchaser 
elects to exercise the right of rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages. The 
Ontario Act provides a number of limitations and defences to such actions, including the following: 

the right of action in the case of rescission will be exercisable by a purchaser only if the purchaser 
gives notice to the defendant, not more than 180 days after the date of the transaction that gave 
rise to the cause of action, that the purchaser is exercising this right; or, in the case of any action 
other than an action for rescission, the earlier of: (i) 180 days after the plaintiff first had 
knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action, or (ii) three years after the date of the 
transaction that gave rise to the cause of action; 

no person or company will be liable if it proves that the purchaser acquired the securities with 
knowledge of the misrepresentation; 

in the case of an action for damages, the defendant will not be liable for all or any portion of the 
damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the securities as a result of 
the misrepresentation relied upon; and 

in no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the Trust 
Certificates were offered under this Base Prospectus. 
Ontario Securities Commission Rule 45-501 provides that where this Base Prospectus is delivered to a 
purchaser to whom securities are distributed in reliance on the “accredited investor” prospectus 
exemption in Section 2.3 of NI 45-106, the right of action in Section 130.1 of the Ontario Act is 
applicable unless the purchaser is: 
(a) a Canadian financial institution, meaning either: 
(i) an association governed by the Cooperative Credit Associations Act (Canada) or a central 
cooperative credit society for which an order has been made under Section 473(1) of that 
Act; or

--- Page 215 ---
193
(ii) a bank, loan corporation, trust company, trust corporation, insurance company, treasury 
branch, credit union, caisse populaire, financial services corporation, or league that, in each 
case, is authorized by an enactment of Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada to carry on 
business in Canada or a jurisdiction of Canada; 
(b) a Schedule III bank, meaning an authorized foreign bank named in Schedule III of the Bank Act 
(Canada); 
(c) the Business Development Bank of Canada incorporated under the Business Development Bank 
of Canada Act (Canada); or 
(d) a subsidiary of any person referred to in paragraphs (a), (b) or (c), if the person owns all of the 
voting securities of the subsidiary, except the voting securities required by law to be owned by 
the directors of the subsidiary. 
Rights of Action—Manitoba Purchasers Only 
If this Base Prospectus, together with any amendment to it, is delivered to a purchaser resident in 
Manitoba and contains a misrepresentation that was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase, the 
purchaser will be deemed to have relied upon the misrepresentation and will have a statutory right of 
action for damages against the issuer and every director of the issuer at the date of the Base Prospectus 
and every person or company who signed the Base Prospectus or, alternatively, may elect instead to 
exercise a statutory right of rescission against the issuer. If the purchaser elects to exercise the right of 
rescission, the purchaser will have no right of action for damages. This right of action is subject to the 
following limitations: 

no such action may be commenced to enforce the right of action for rescission or damages more 
than (a) 180 days after the day of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action, in the case 
of an action for rescission, or (b) the earlier of (i) 180 days after the day that the plaintiff first 
had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action, or (ii) two years after the day of 
the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action, in any other case; 

no person or company will be liable if it proves that the purchaser had knowledge of the 
misrepresentation; 

in the case of an action for damages, the defendant will not be liable for all or any part of the 
damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the security as a result of the 
misrepresentation relied upon; and 

in no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the Trust 
Certificates were offered under this Base Prospectus. 
All or any one of the persons or companies referred to above that are found to be liable or accept liability 
are jointly and severally liable. A defendant who is found liable to pay a sum in damages may recover a 
contribution, in whole or in part, from a person who is jointly and severally liable to make the same 
payment in the same cause of action unless, in all the circumstances of the case, the court is satisfied that 
it would not be just and equitable. 
In addition, a person or company, other than the issuer, will not be liable if that person or company 
proves that: 
(a) this Base Prospectus was sent to the purchaser without the person’s or company’s knowledge or 
consent, and that, after becoming aware that it was sent, the person or company promptly gave 
reasonable notice to the issuer that it was sent without the person’s or company’s knowledge 
and consent; 
(b) after becoming aware of the misrepresentation, the person or company withdrew the person’s or 
company’s consent to this Base Prospectus and gave reasonable notice to the issuer of the 
withdrawal and the reason for it;

--- Page 216 ---
194
(c) with respect to any part of this Base Prospectus purporting to be made on the authority of an 
expert or to be a copy of, or an extract from, an expert’s report, opinion or statement, the person 
or company proves that the person or company did not have any reasonable grounds to believe 
and did not believe that (i) there had been a misrepresentation, or (ii) the relevant part of this 
Base Prospectus (A) did not fairly represent the expert’s report, opinion or statement, or (B) was 
not a fair copy of, or an extract from, the expert’s report, opinion or statement; or 
(d) with respect to any part of this Base Prospectus not purporting to be made on an expert’s 
authority and not purporting to be a copy of, or an extract from, an expert’s report, opinion or 
statement, unless the person or company (i) did not conduct an investigation sufficient to provide 
reasonable grounds for a belief that there had been no misrepresentation, or (ii) believed there 
had been a misrepresentation. 
If a misrepresentation is contained in a record incorporated by reference in, or is deemed to be 
incorporated into, this Base Prospectus, the misrepresentation is deemed to be contained in this Base 
Prospectus. 
New Brunswick Purchasers 
Section 2.1 of New Brunswick Financial and Consumer Services Commission Rule 45-802 provides that 
the rights of action referred to in Section 150 of the Securities Act (New Brunswick) (the “New 
Brunswick Act”) apply to information relating to an offering memorandum that is provided to a 
purchaser of securities in connection with a distribution made in reliance on the “accredited investor” 
prospectus exemption in Section 2.3 of NI 45-106.   
The New Brunswick Act provides such purchasers with a statutory right of action against the issuer of 
the securities for rescission or damages in the event that the offering memorandum and any amendment 
to it contains a misrepresentation. 
The New Brunswick Act provides that, subject to certain limitations, where an offering memorandum 
together with any amendments thereto, or any advertising or sales literature (as those terms are defined 
in the New Brunswick Act) contains a misrepresentation, a purchaser who purchases the securities shall 
be deemed to have relied on the misrepresentation if it was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase.  
Such purchaser has a right of action for damages against the issuer, a selling security holder on whose 
behalf the distribution is made, every person who was a director of the issuer at the date of the offering 
memorandum or when the advertising or sales literature was disseminated and every person who signed 
the offering memorandum, or may elect to exercise a right of rescission against the issuer or a selling 
security holder on whose behalf the distribution is made, in which case the purchaser shall have no right 
of action for damages. No such action shall be commenced more than, in the case of an action for 
rescission, 180 days after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action or, in the case 
of any action, other than an action for rescission, the earlier of (i) one year after the plaintiff first had 
knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause of action, and (ii) six years after the date of the transaction 
that gave rise to the cause of action. 
The New Brunswick Act provides a number of limitations and defences to such actions, including the 
following: 

no person is liable if the person proves that the purchaser purchased the securities with 
knowledge of the misrepresentation; 

in an action for damages, the defendant shall not be liable for all or any portion of the damages 
that the defendant proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the securities as a result 
of the misrepresentation relied upon; and 

in no case shall the amount recoverable exceed the price at which the securities were offered. 
Nova Scotia Purchasers

--- Page 217 ---
195
The right of action for rescission or damages described herein is conferred by section 138 of the 
Securities Act (Nova Scotia) (the “Nova Scotia Act”).  The Nova Scotia Act provides, in the relevant 
part, that in the event that an offering memorandum, together with any amendments hereto, or any 
advertising or sales literature (as defined in the Nova Scotia Act) contains a misrepresentation, a 
purchaser who purchases the securities referred to in it is deemed to have relied upon such 
misrepresentation if it was a misrepresentation at the time of purchase.   
Such purchaser has a statutory right of action for damages against the seller (which includes the issuer), 
every person who signed the offering memorandum and, subject to certain additional defences, the 
directors of the seller at the time of the offering memorandum or, alternatively, while still an owner of 
the securities purchased by the purchaser, may elect instead to exercise a statutory right of rescission 
against the issuer, in which case the purchaser shall have no right of action for damages against the 
persons described above.  No such action shall be commenced to enforce the right of action for rescission 
or damages more than 120 days after the date payment was made for the securities (or after the date on 
which initial payment was made for the securities where payments subsequent to the initial payment are 
made pursuant to a contractual commitment assumed prior to, or concurrently with, the initial payment). 
The Nova Scotia Act provides a number of limitations and defences, including the following: 

no person or company is liable if the person or company proves that the purchaser purchased the 
securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation; 

in the case of an action for damages, no person or company is liable for all or any portion of the 
damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the securities as a result of 
the misrepresentation; and 

in no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the securities 
were offered to the purchaser. 
In addition, a person or company, other than the seller, will not be liable if that person or company proves 
that: 
(a)
the offering memorandum or any amendment to the offering memorandum was sent or 
delivered to the purchaser without the person’s or company’s knowledge or consent and 
that, on becoming aware of its delivery, the person or company gave reasonable general 
notice that it was delivered without the person’s or company’s knowledge or consent; 
(b)
after delivery of the offering memorandum or any amendment to the offering 
memorandum and before the purchase of the securities by the purchaser, on becoming 
aware of any misrepresentation in the offering memorandum or any amendment to the 
offering memorandum, the person or company withdrew the person’s or company’s 
consent to the offering memorandum or any amendment to the offering memorandum, 
and gave reasonable general notice of the withdrawal and the reason for it; or 
(c)
with respect to any part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to the offering 
memorandum purporting (i) to be made on the authority of an expert, or (ii) to be a copy 
of, or an extract from, a report, an opinion or a statement of an expert, the person or 
company had no reasonable grounds to believe and did not believe that (A) there had 
been a misrepresentation, or (B) the relevant part of the offering memorandum or any 
amendment to the offering memorandum did not fairly represent the report, opinion or 
statement of the expert, or was not a fair copy of, or an extract from, the report, opinion 
or statement of the expert. 
Furthermore, no person or company, other than the seller, is liable with respect to any part of the offering 
memorandum or any amendment to the offering memorandum not purporting (a) to be made on the 
authority of an expert or (b) to be a copy of, or an extract from, a report, opinion or statement of an 
expert, unless the person or company (i) failed to conduct a reasonable investigation to provide

--- Page 218 ---
196
reasonable grounds for a belief that there had been no misrepresentation or (ii) believed that there had 
been a misrepresentation.   
If a misrepresentation is contained in a record incorporated by reference into, or deemed incorporated 
by reference into, the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum, the 
misrepresentation is deemed to be contained in the offering memorandum or amendment to the offering 
memorandum.
Saskatchewan Purchasers 
The right of action for rescission or damages described herein is conferred by section 138 of the 
Securities Act, 1988 (Saskatchewan) (the “Saskatchewan Act”)  The Saskatchewan Act provides, in the 
relevant part, that in the event that an offering memorandum, together with any amendments hereto 
contains a misrepresentation, a purchaser who purchases securities covered by the offering memorandum  
has, without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation,  a statutory right for 
rescission against the issuer or has a right of action for damages against: 
(a)
the issuer or a selling securityholder on whose behalf the distribution is made; 
(b)
every promoter and director of the issuer, as the case may be, at the time the offering 
memorandum or any amendment to it was sent or delivered; 
(c)
every person or company whose consent has been filed respecting the offering, but only 
with respect to reports, opinions or statements that have been made by them; 
(d)
every person or company that, in addition to the persons or companies mentioned in 
clauses (a) to (c), signed the offering memorandum or the amendment to the offering 
memorandum; and 
(e)
every person who or company that sells securities on behalf of the issuer under the 
offering memorandum or amendment to the offering memorandum. 
If such purchaser elects to exercise a statutory right of rescission against the issuer, it shall have no right 
of action for damages against that person or company. 
The Saskatchewan Act provides a number of limitations and defences, including the following: 
(a)
no person or company will be liable if the person or company proves that the purchaser 
purchased the securities with knowledge of the misrepresentation; 
(b)
in the case of an action for damages, no person or company will be liable for all or any 
portion of the damages that it proves do not represent the depreciation in value of the 
securities as a result of the misrepresentation; and 
(c) 
in no case will the amount recoverable in any action exceed the price at which the 
securities were offered to the public. 
In addition, no person or company, other than the issuer or selling securityholder, will be liable if the 
person or company proves that: 
(a)
the offering memorandum or any amendment to it was sent or delivered without the 
person’s or company’s knowledge or consent and that, on becoming aware of it being 
sent or delivered, that person or company immediately gave reasonable general notice 
that it was so sent or delivered; or 
(b)
with respect to any part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to it purporting 
to be made on the authority of an expert, or purporting to be a copy of, or an extract 
from, a report, an opinion or a statement of an expert, that person or company had no 
reasonable grounds to believe and did not believe that there had been a 
misrepresentation, the part of the offering memorandum or any amendment to it did not 
fairly represent the report, opinion or statement of the expert, or was not a fair copy of, 
or an extract from, the report, opinion or statement of the expert.

--- Page 219 ---
197
Similar rights of action for damages and rescission are provided in section 138.1 of the Saskatchewan 
Act in respect of a misrepresentation in advertising and sales literature disseminated in connection with 
an offering of securities.  
Section 138.2 of the Saskatchewan Act also provides that where an individual makes a verbal statement 
to a prospective purchaser that contains a misrepresentation relating to the security purchased and the 
verbal statement is made either before or contemporaneously with the purchase of the security, the 
purchaser has, without regard to whether the purchaser relied on the misrepresentation, a right of action 
for damages against the individual who made the verbal statement. 
Section 141(1) of the Saskatchewan Act provides a purchaser with the right to void the purchase 
agreement and to recover all money and other consideration paid by the purchaser for the securities if 
the securities are sold in contravention of such Act, the regulations to such Act or a decision of the 
Financial and Consumer Affairs Authority of Saskatchewan. 
Section 141(2) of the Saskatchewan Act also provides a right of action for rescission or damages to a 
purchaser of securities to whom an offering memorandum or any amendment to it was not sent or 
delivered prior to or at the same time as the purchaser enters into an agreement to purchase the securities, 
as required by Section 80.1 of the Saskatchewan Act.   
Section 147 of the Saskatchewan Act provides that no action shall be commenced to enforce any of the 
foregoing rights more than, in the case of a right of rescission, 180 days after the date of the transaction 
that gave rise to the cause of action or, in the case of any action, other than an action for rescission, 
before the earlier of (i) one year after the plaintiff first had knowledge of the facts giving rise to the cause 
of action, and (ii) six years after the date of the transaction that gave rise to the cause of action. 
The Saskatchewan Act also provides a purchaser who has received an amended offering memorandum 
delivered in accordance with subsection 80.1(3) of such Act has a right to withdraw from the agreement 
to purchase the securities by delivering a notice to the person who or company that is selling the 
securities, indicating the purchaser’s intention not to be bound by the purchase agreement, provided such 
notice is delivered by the purchaser within two business days of receiving the amended offering 
memorandum.
Purchasers in Manitoba and Prince Edward Island 
In Manitoba, the Securities Act (Manitoba); and in Prince Edward Island, the Securities Act (Prince 
Edward Island) provide a statutory right of action for damages or rescission to purchasers resident in 
Manitoba and Prince Edward Island, respectively, in circumstances where this Base Prospectus or an 
amendment hereto contains a misrepresentation, which rights are similar, but not identical, to the rights 
available to Ontario purchasers. 
Contractual Rights of Action—Alberta, British Columbia, Newfoundland and Labrador and 
Québec Purchasers Only 
Notwithstanding that the securities legislation of the provinces of Alberta, British Columbia, 
Newfoundland and Labrador and Québec do not provide or require the IsDB to provide to purchasers 
resident in these provinces any rights of action in circumstances where this Base Prospectus or an 
amendment hereto contains a misrepresentation, the IsDB hereby grant to such purchasers contractual 
rights of actions equivalent to those set forth above with respect to purchasers resident in the Province 
of Ontario.

--- Page 220 ---
198
 GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme has been duly authorised by a resolution of the board of directors of IDB 
Trust Services Limited passed on 7 April 2022 and a resolution of the board of directors of IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL passed on 7 April 2022. IDB Trust Services Limited and IsDB Trust Services No.2 
SARL have each obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in connection with the 
update of the Programme and the issue of Trust Certificates by it pursuant thereto. 
The granting of the Guarantee by the IsDB together with the entering into each of the Programme 
Documents and any Transaction Documents to which it is a party has been duly authorised by a 
resolution of the Board of Executive Directors of the IsDB passed on 31 March 2013. 
Listing 
Application has been made to Euronext Dublin for the Trust Certificates (other than Exempt Certificates) 
issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be 
admitted to the Official List and to trading on the Market. 
Application has been made to the DFSA and to Nasdaq Dubai for: (A) Trust Certificates (where the 
relevant Series is also admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market); or (B) Exempt 
Certificates (where the relevant Series is not admitted to the Official List nor admitted to trading on the 
Market), issued under this Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of this Base 
Prospectus to be admitted to the Nasdaq Dubai. 
Application may be made to the Taipei Exchange for the listing and trading of (A) Trust Certificates 
(where the relevant Series are also admitted to the Official List and admitted to trading on the Market); 
or (B) Exempt Certificates (where the relevant Series are not admitted to the Official List nor admitted 
to trading on the Market) issued under this Programme.  
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuers in 
relation to the Trust Certificates and is not itself seeking admission of the Trust Certificates to the Official 
List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
Clearing Systems 
Trust Certificates issued under the Programme have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. The appropriate common code and the International Securities Identification 
Number in relation to the Trust Certificates of each Series will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, relating thereto. The applicable Final Terms 
or Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted 
the relevant Trust Certificates for clearance together with any further appropriate information. 
The LEI for the IDB Trust Services Limited is 213800VKLEPJ95I3W54, the LEI for IsDB Trust 
Services 
No.2 
SARL 
is 
222100S88XMYHA1E3547 
and 
the 
LEI 
for 
the 
IsDB 
is 
254900TNNQC073KOJ554. 
No Significant Change 
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the IsDB-OCR, 
nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of the IsDB-OCR.

--- Page 221 ---
199
Since 31 December 2020 there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of IDB Trust 
Services Limited, nor any significant change in the financial performance or financial position of IDB 
Trust Services Limited. 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or financial position of IsDB Trust 
Services No.2 SARL and no material adverse change in the prospects of IsDB Trust Services No.2 
SARL, in each case since the date of its incorporation. 
Legal and Arbitration Proceedings 
There are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings, (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened, of which either of the Trustees or the IsDB is aware), which may have, or have 
had during the 12 months prior to the date of this Base Prospectus, a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of either of the Trustees or the IsDB. 
Independent Auditors 
The auditors of IDB Trust Services Limited are BDO Limited, who have audited IDB Trust Services 
Limited's accounts in accordance with International Standards on Auditing. IDB Trust Services Limited 
will make its annual audited accounts available for inspection by Certificateholders at its registered office 
and at the office of the Principal Paying Agent as specified below. IDB Trust Services Limited has no 
subsidiaries. 
Ernst & Young & Co. (Certified Public Accountants), KSA (EY) has audited the IsDB-OCR’s financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the year ended 31 December 2020, and issued their 
audit opinions thereon without qualification, in accordance with the Auditing Standards for Islamic 
Financial Institutions issued by AAOIFI and International Standards on Auditing (ISAs). The address of 
EY is 13th floor, King’s Road Tower, P.O. Box 1994, King Abdulaziz Road (Malek Road), Jeddah 
21441, Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. EY is registered with the Ministry of Commerce and Investment to 
practice as auditors and is regulated by Saudi Organization for Certified Public Accountants (SOCPA) 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
The current auditors of the IsDB are Deloitte and Touche & Co. - Chartered Accountants, KSA (Deloitte). 
The address of Deloitte is Prince Turki Bin Abdullah Al-Saud Street, As Sulimaniyah, Riyadh 12234, 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. Deloitte is registered with the Ministry of Commerce and Investment to 
practice as auditors and is regulated by Saudi Organization for Certified Public Accountants (SOCPA) 
in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. 
Post-Issuance Information 
Save as set out in the applicable Final Terms or the applicable Pricing Supplement, as the case may be, 
the Trustees do not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any issues of Trust 
Certificates. 
Documents 
For so long as any Trust Certificates issued under the Programme remain outstanding, copies of the 
following documents will be available in physical form for inspection and obtainable free of charge, 
during normal business hours on any weekday (excluding public holidays) from the specified office of 
the Principal Paying Agent at 8 Canada Square, London E14 5HQ, United Kingdom. The following 
documents will also be available for viewing at https://www.isdb.org/what-we-do/investor-relations: 
(a)
the constitutional documents of each of the Trustees and the IsDB;

--- Page 222 ---
200
(b)
the most recent publicly available audited annual financial statements of the IsDB-OCR, 
beginning with such financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 and the year ended 
31 December 2020, and the respective auditors' report thereon; 
(c)
the most recent publicly available audited annual financial statements of IDB Trust Services 
Limited, beginning with such financial statements for the period ended 31 December 2019 and the 
year ended 31 December 2020, and the respective auditors' report thereon; 
(d)
if available, the most recent publicly available annual financial statements of IsDB Trust Services 
No.2 SARL and the respective auditors' report thereon;  
(e)
the following Programme Documents, Transaction Documents and other documents: 
(i)
the Master Purchase Agreement; 
(ii)
any Supplemental Purchase Agreement in relation to Trust Certificates which are admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; 
(iii)
the Master Wakala Agreement; 
(iv)
any Supplemental Wakala Agreement in relation to Trust Certificates which are admitted 
to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; 
(v)
the Master Trust Deed; 
(vi)
any Supplemental Trust Deed in relation to Trust Certificates which are admitted to 
listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or 
quotation system; 
(vii)
the Guarantee; 
(viii)
the Sale Undertaking Deed, which contains the form of IsDB Purchase Agreement; 
(ix)
the Purchase Undertaking Deed, which contains the form of IsDB Purchase Agreement; 
(x)
the Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Undertaking Deed which contains the form of the 
Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement; 
(xi)
the Agency Agreement; 
(xii)
the Corporate Services Agreement; 
(xiii)
the Management and Administration Agreement; and 
(xiv)
the opinion of the IsDB Group Shariah Board approving the transaction structure relating 
to the Trust Certificates (as described in this Base Prospectus). 
This Base Prospectus will be available for viewing on the website of the Euronext Dublin 
( https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin).  
Copies of any Supplemental Purchase Agreement, any Supplemental Trust Deed, any Supplemental 
Wakala Agreement, any Additional Portfolio Assets Sale Agreement, and any Pricing Supplement, as

--- Page 223 ---
201
the case may be, in respect of Trust Certificates which are not admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation 
on any competent authority, stock exchange or quotation system will only be available for inspection 
and obtainable free of charge by the relevant Certificateholders.

--- Page 224 ---
THE ISSUERS / TRUSTEES 
IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL 
6, rue Eugène Ruppert 
L-2453 Luxembourg 
IDB Trust Services Limited 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier, 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
THE PROVIDER OF THE GUARANTEE 
(in respect of the payment obligations arising under the Portfolio of the relevant Series of Trust 
Certificates) 
The Islamic Development Bank 
8111 King Khalid Street  
Al Nuzlah Al Yamania District – Unit No. 1  
Jeddah 22332-2444  
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
ARRANGER 
Standard Chartered Bank 
7th Floor Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
 P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates 
THE DEALERS 
CIMB Bank Berhad, Labuan 
Offshore Branch 
c/o CIMB Investment Bank 
Berhad 
18th Floor, Menara  
CIMB 
Jalan Stesen Sentral 2 
Kuala Lumpur Sentral  
50470 
Kuala Lumpur 
Malaysia
Citigroup Global Markets Limited 
Citigroup Centre 
Canada Square 
Canary Wharf 
London 
E14 5LB 
United Kingdom
Crédit Agricole Corporate 
and Investment Bank 
12 place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052  
92547 Montrouge Cedex 
France

--- Page 225 ---
THE DELEGATE 
The Law Debenture Trust Corporation p.l.c. 
Eighth Floor 
100 Bishopsgate 
London 
EC2N 4AG 
United Kingdom 
THE PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT AND THE CALCULATION AGENT 
HSBC Bank plc  
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
THE REGISTRAR, TRANSFER AGENT AND REPLACEMENT AGENT 
Intertrust SPV Services Limited  
(formerly known as Elian SPV Services Limited and Ogier SPV Services Limited) 
44 Esplanade 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
First Abu Dhabi Bank PJSC 
FAB Building 
Khalifa Business Park 
Al Qurm District 
P.O. Box 6316 
Abu Dhabi 
United Arab Emirates
HSBC Bank plc 
8 Canada Square 
London E14 5HQ 
United Kingdom 
J.P. Morgan Securities plc 
25 Bank Street 
Canary Wharf 
London E14 5JP 
United Kingdom
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès 
France 
75013 Paris  
France 
Société Générale 
29 boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France 
Standard Chartered Bank
7th Floor Building One 
Gate Precinct 
Dubai International 
Financial Centre  
P.O. Box 999 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates

--- Page 226 ---
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the IsDB as to the laws of England 
Dentons & Co. 
Level 18, Boulevard Plaza 2 
Burj Khalifa District 
P.O. Box 1756 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
To IDB Trust Services Limited as to the laws of Jersey 
Ogier (Jersey) LLP 
44 Esplanade 
St Helier 
Jersey JE4 9WG 
Channel Islands 
To IsDB Trust Services No.2 SARL as to the laws of Luxembourg 
Dentons Luxembourg 
Atrium Vitrum Building 
33, rue du Puits Romain 
Bertrange, L-8070 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg   
To the Dealers as to the laws of England 
Allen & Overy LLP 
11th Floor, Burj Daman Building 
Al Mustaqbal Street 
Dubai International Financial Centre 
P.O. Box 506678 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 
To the Dealers as to the laws of Luxembourg 
Allen & Overy 
Société en comandite simple 
(inscrite au barreau de Luxembourg) 
5 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
AUDITOR TO IDB TRUST SERVICES LIMITED
BDO Limited 
Windward House 
La Route de la Liberation 
St. Helier 
Jersey JE1 1BG 
Channel Islands

--- Page 227 ---
INDEPENDENT AUDITORS TO THE IsDB-OCR 
Prior to 1 January 2021 
Ernst & Young & Co. General Partnership 
King's Road Tower, 13th Floor 
King Abdul Aziz Road (Malek Road) 
P.O. Box 1994 
Jeddah 21441 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
After 1 January 2021 
Deloitte and Touche & Co. - Chartered Accountants
Prince Turki Bin Abdullah Al-Saud Street 
As Sulimaniyah 
 Riyadh 12234 
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia