--- Page 1 ---
10242836711-v8 
- i - 
47-41043353 
 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
illimity Bank S.p.A. 
(incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the 
"Prospectus Regulation"). Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), illimity Bank S.p.A. (the 
"Issuer" or the "Bank" or "illimity" or "us" or "we") may from time to time issue non-equity securities, which may be governed by English 
law (the "English Law Notes") or Italian law (the "Italian Law Notes" and together with the English Law Notes, the "Notes"), denominated 
in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the Dealers (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €3,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Dealer Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to the Dealer specified under "Description of the Programme" below and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer (each a "Dealer" and together the "Dealers"), which appointment may be for 
a specific issue or on an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the "relevant Dealer" shall, in the case of an issue of Notes 
being subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to benchmarks including EURIBOR or CMS, or such 
other reference rate as specified in the relevant Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus (as defined below) as the case may be. As at the date of 
this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute ("EMMI", as administrator of EURIBOR) is included in the European Securities 
and Markets Authority's ("ESMA") register of administrators under Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks 
Regulation"). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration (as administrator of CMS) does not appear on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE Benchmark Administration is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence). 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks. The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the 
Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the "CSSF"), as 
competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not be considered as an endorsement 
of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuer shall have no obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus after the end of its 12-month validity period. 
The CSSF assumes no responsibility for the economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base Prospectus or 
the quality or solvency of the Issuer in accordance with Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law dated 16 July 2019. This Base Prospectus will 
be published in electronic form, together with all documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
Applications have been made for Notes issued under the Programme during the period of 12 months from the date of approval of this Base 
Prospectus, ending on 24 November 2023, to be listed on the official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, which is a regulated market for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II"). Such approval relates only 
to the Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II and/or which are to be offered to the public 
in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the "EEA"). 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or 
markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
Each Tranche (as defined herein) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out herein under "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" 
(the "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes") or "Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes" (the "Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes" and, together with the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes, the "Conditions") as completed by a 
document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the "Final Terms") or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (a "Drawdown 
Prospectus") as described under "Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses" below.

--- Page 2 ---
10242836711-v8 
- ii - 
47-41043353 
 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "Securities Act") or with 
any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act ("Regulation S")) except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
The language of the Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited in their original language 
in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which 
channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "MiFID Product Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market - The Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and 
which channels f or distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the UK MiFIR product 
governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR product governance rules set out in 
UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance 
Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes 
include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of MiFID II; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended or superseded, the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No. 1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail 
investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS - If the Final Terms or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be, in respect of any Notes include 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail 
investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions 
of the Financial Services and Markets Act, 2000 (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive 
(EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled "Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification" which 
will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to section 309B(1) of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 (Chapter 289 of Singapore) 
(the "SFA"). The Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to "relevant persons" in relation to each 
issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
DEALER 
BNP Paribas 
Goldman Sachs International 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 24 November 2022.

--- Page 3 ---
10242836711-v8 
- iii - 
47-41043353 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
The Issuer (the "Responsible Person") accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
is in accordance with the facts and this Base Prospectus does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
Subject as provided in the relevant Final Terms, the only persons authorised to use this Base Prospectus in 
connection with an offer of Notes are the persons named in the relevant Final Terms as the relevant Dealer 
or the Managers, as the case may be. 
Copies of Final Terms will be available from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified office set 
out below of the Paying Agents (as defined below) and, in the case of listed Notes, will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
herein by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference" below) and with any supplements hereto. 
This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed on the basis that such documents are incorporated in and 
form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Neither the Dealers nor the Fiscal Agent nor any of their respective affiliates have authorised this Base 
Prospectus or any part thereof. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or 
implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted by the Dealer or the Fiscal Agent or any of 
their respective affiliates as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated 
in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No Dealer or the Fiscal Agent accepts any liability in relation to the information contained or incorporated 
by reference in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent to give any information 
or to make any representation not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other 
document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or such 
other information as is in the public domain and, if given or made, such information or representation must 
not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer, any of the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent 
investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the 
Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer, any of the Dealers 
or the Fiscal Agent to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers 
and the Fiscal Agent expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Notes of any information coming to their 
attention. Investors should review, inter alia, the most recently published documents incorporated by 
reference into this Base Prospectus when deciding whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. 
tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S 
under the Securities Act except in certain transactions exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. See "Subscription and Sale" below.

--- Page 4 ---
10242836711-v8 
- iv - 
47-41043353 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Fiscal Agent do not represent that this Base Prospectus may 
be lawfully distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable 
registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no 
action has been taken by the Issuer, the Dealers or the Fiscal Agent which would permit a public offering 
of any Notes outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for 
that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither 
this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or published in 
any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable laws and 
regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must inform 
themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the United Kingdom, the EEA (including France and the 
Republic of Italy) and Japan. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
EEA or the United Kingdom which has implemented the Prospectus Regulation (each, a "Relevant Member 
State") will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation, as implemented in that 
Relevant Member State, from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any 
person making or intending to make an offer in that Relevant Member State of Notes which are the subject 
of an offering contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by the relevant Final Terms in relation 
to the offer of those Notes may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or 
any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a 
prospectus for such offer. 
This Base Prospectus includes forward-looking statements. These include statements relating to, among 
other things, the future financial performance of the Issuer, plans and expectations regarding developments 
in the business, growth and profitability of the Issuer and general industry and business conditions 
applicable to the Issuer. The Issuer has based these forward-looking statements on its current expectations, 
assumptions, estimates and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject 
to a number of risks, uncertainties and assumptions that may cause the actual results, performance or 
achievements of the Issuer or those of its industry to be materially different from or worse than these 
forward-looking statements. The Issuer does not assume any obligation to update such forward-looking 
statements and to adapt them to future events or developments except to the extent required by law. 
All references in this document to: "Euro", "euro" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start 
of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended; "U.S. dollars", "U.S.$" and "$" refer to United States dollars being the 
currency of the United States of America; "Sterling" refers to the currency of the United Kingdom; and 
"yen" refers to the currency of Japan. 
Suitability of the Notes as an investment 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in the light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this 
Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio;

--- Page 5 ---
10242836711-v8 
- v - 
47-41043353 
 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies, or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the currency in which such investor's 
financial activities are principally denominated; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant indices 
and financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Some Notes are complex financial instruments. Sophisticated institutional investors generally do not purchase 
complex financial instruments as standalone investments. They purchase complex financial instruments as a way 
to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk to their overall 
portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial instruments unless it has 
the expertise (either alone or with a financial adviser) to evaluate how the Notes will perform under changing 
conditions, the resulting effects on the value of the Notes and the impact this investment will have on the potential 
investor's overall investment portfolio. 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer (if any) named as the Stabilising Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms or, as the case may be, 
Drawdown Prospectus may over allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, stabilisation may not necessarily 
occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later 
than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 days after the date of the 
allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Such stabilising shall be conducted in accordance with all applicable 
laws and rules. Any loss or profit sustained as a consequence of any such over-allotment or stabilising shall, as 
against the Issuer, be for the account of the Stabilising Manager(s) and the Lead Manager(s). 
MARKET STATISTICS 
Information and statistics presented in this Base Prospectus regarding business trends, market trends, market 
volumes and market share of illimity are either derived from, or are based on, internal data. No information has 
been sourced from third parties.

--- Page 6 ---
10242836711-v8 
- vi - 
47-41043353 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page 
RISK FACTORS ....................................................................................................................... 1 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME .............................................................................. 34 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................... 42 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ..................................................... 45 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES ........................................ 46 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES ......................................... 91 
FORM OF THE NOTES ....................................................................................................... 136 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................... 140 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................ 159 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA ......................................................... 160 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION ........................................................ 161 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ........................................................................................ 162 
TAXATION ........................................................................................................................... 189 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .............................................................................................. 198 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................ 202

--- Page 7 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 1 - 
47-41043353 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Most 
of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. In addition, factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also described below. 
The Issuer believes that the factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the Notes, 
but the inability of the Issuer to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes may 
occur for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available to it or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in and incorporated by reference 
into this Base Prospectus and consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in the 
light of the information in this Base Prospectus and their personal circumstances, based upon their own judgment 
and upon advice from such financial, legal, tax and other professional advisers as they deem necessary. 
Words and expressions defined in "Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes" and "Terms and Conditions 
of the Italian Law Notes" or elsewhere in this Base Prospectus have the same meaning in this section. Prospective 
investors should read the whole of this Base Prospectus, including the information incorporated by reference. 
Unless otherwise specified, the term "Terms and Conditions" shall refer to both the Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes and the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes and any reference to a "Condition" 
shall be to both a Condition under the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and a Condition under the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes. 
RISK FACTORS RELATED TO THE ISSUER 
The risks below have been classified into the following categories:  
A. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's financial position; 
B. 
Risks relating to the Issuer's business activity and industry; 
C. 
Risks relating to the legal and regulatory environment of the Issuer; and  
D. 
Risks relating to environmental, social and governance of the Issuer. 
(A) 
Risks related to the Issuer's financial situation 
Risks related to the Issuer's results 
The Issuer incurred a net profit of Euro 31.5 million for illimity Bank Consolidated Financial Statements for the 
six-month period ended on 30 June 2022. The profits registered in the first six months of 2022 are essentially 
attributable to a strong expansion in business volumes, which underpinned a significant growth in revenue and 
more than offset the costs related to business expansion and investments in new initiatives, while loans 
impairments remained contained supported by the Bank's very robust asset quality. 
Notwithstanding the positive results incurred in the first half of 2022, since key elements of illimity's medium-
long term strategy consist of expanding its business by acquiring new customers and sourcing new investment 
opportunities, implementing new high-tech initiatives and carrying on to innovate and strengthen its brand, the 
Issuer will incur capital expenditure in the future, which may be substantial until the Issuer's operating platform 
and its staff structure reach the target level and may not be offset in full by income generated for the corresponding 
periods. Accordingly, illimity cannot assure investors that it will sustain profitability. Moreover, illimity cannot 
assure investors that it will not cease to be profitable at any specific time in the future. If illimity is ultimately 
unable to generate sufficient income to meet its financial targets, maintain profitability and have sustainable cash 
flows, investors could lose their investment or could benefit from a lower-than-expected profit.

--- Page 8 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 2 - 
47-41043353 
 
Risks arising from failure to implement the Strategic Plan  
The Issuer's ability to achieve the results and to pursue future plans and objectives set out in its Strategic Plan, to 
expand and consolidate its activities through four business divisions and its subsidiaries each targeting a distinct 
subset of customers/products, as well as to attain a sustainable level of profitability, depends on its ability to 
implement successfully its commercial and financial strategies.  
Should the Issuer fail to implement its Strategic Plan and to pursue the initiatives envisaged therein in the manner 
and/or within the time frames expected, if the new business initiatives fail to generate the revenues forecasted 
and/or if the business strategies fail to achieve the intended results, the Issuer's businesses and growth prospects 
would be negatively affected, which could have a negative impact on the Issuer's financial condition, results and 
cash flow. 
The Strategic Plan is based on both general and hypothetical assumptions of a discretionary nature related to the 
effects of specific operational and organizational actions that the Issuer intends to undertake over the duration of 
the Strategic Plan. The Issuer's ability to perform these actions and to meet the objectives of the Strategic Plan 
therefore depends on a combination of hypotheses, estimates and forecasts based on the realisation of future 
external events and actions to be undertaken by management and by the Issuer's Board of Directors over the 2022 
- 2025 period. These include, among others, hypothetical assumptions of various nature relating to future events 
that are subject to risks and uncertainties characterizing the prevailing macroeconomic and regulatory landscape; 
actions of illimity's directors and management that may not necessarily occur; other future events which the 
directors and management cannot, or can only partially, influence. In particular, the assumptions underlying the 
Strategic Plan may be inaccurate and/or may not occur or may occur only in part or in a different manner; and 
may moreover change over the duration of the Strategic Plan.  
The Issuer's ability to achieve the business volumes envisaged for its Growth Credit Division and its Distressed 
Credit Division furthermore relies on its ability to compete with other companies currently operating in, or that 
may in the future enter, these market segments which, in recent years, have seen the entry of specialized, non-
banking players from abroad. Intense competition in the distressed credit sector may result in the failure by the 
Issuer to purchase (or to obtain servicing mandates for) a sufficient volume of non-performing/unlikely-to-pay 
receivables (single name or portfolios), which would lead to lower than expected revenues from operations for 
this Division and could have a negative impact on the Issuer's overall business and outlook. Improvement in Italy's 
macroeconomic conditions in the future could also result in a decrease in loans classified as non-performing in 
general, potentially leading to a contraction of the NPL market. The ability of the Direct Banking & Digital 
Operations Division to acquire new customers is also exposed to the risk of competition in direct collections from 
banks and financial intermediaries operating in Italy and, therefore, could affect the viability of illimity funding 
plan. Finally, the ability of the Investment Banking Division to correctly assess and leverage financial market 
trends and effectively define the timing and pricing of business operations, could have an impact on its ability to 
meet the objective of the Strategic Plan. 
Should any of the events or scenarios illustrated above occur, the results of illimity could differ, possibly in a 
significant manner, from that set out in its Strategic Plan, with potential negative impact on the financial condition 
and results of the Issuer. 
Risks related to the deterioration of credit quality 
As of 30 June 2022, illimity's net loans to customers (excluding bad loans/UTP single name/portfolios and public 
procurement claims acquired by the Issuer) amounted to Euro 2,031 million, classified respectively as organic 
bad loans (sofferenze) Euro 5.1 million, unlikely-to-pay exposures Euro 20.9 million, overdue and/or past due 
exposures Euro 0.1 million, and performing loans (in bonis) Euro 2,004 million. As of the same date, gross 
Organic NPE ratio stood at 2.23% and net Organic NPE ratio at 1.29%. 
The Issuer sets aside provisions to absorb potential losses from its loans. As of 30 June 2022, coverage ratios were 
as follows: organic bad loans (sofferenze) 73.7%, unlikely-to-pay exposures 20.3%, overdue and/or past due 
exposures 17.2%, and performing loans 0.59%. There can, however, be no guarantee that the procedures put in 
place by the Issuer can assess accurately the risks of its exposure to borrowers, and increased defaults of the 
borrowers and/or inadequate loans provisioning may negatively impact the Issuer's financial condition and results 
of operations.

--- Page 9 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 3 - 
47-41043353 
 
Risks related to capital adequacy 
As a credit institution authorized to carry out banking activities in Italy, the Issuer is subject to Italian and 
European laws and regulations applicable to the banking industry that are aimed at safeguarding financial stability 
and solidity, and liquidity and limiting exposure to risks. The rules concerning capital and liquidity adequacy for 
banks lay down prudential requirements relating to own funds, eligible liabilities and liquidity, and the instruments 
for risk mitigation.  
At a European level, the Basel III rules have been implemented through two separate legislative instruments: 
Directive 2013/36/EU of 26 June 2013 (the "CRD IV") and Regulation (EU) No. 575 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms (the 
"CRR" and together with the CRD IV, the "CRD IV Package"). 
The CRD IV and CRR have been amended in 2019 following adoption of a comprehensive reform package first 
announced by the European Commission in November 2016 (the "Banking Reform Package") by: 
• 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRD IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed financial holding companies, 
remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation measures (the "CRD V"); and 
• 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
CRR as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central counterparties, exposures to collective 
investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements (the "CRR II"). 
In Italy, the Bank of Italy published the supervisory regulations on banks with circular No. 285 of 17 December 
2013 ("Circular No. 285"), which came into force on 1 January 2014, implementing the CRD IV Package and 
setting out additional national prudential rules. Circular No. 285 has been subject to continuous review and update, 
the last of which occurred on 20 July 2021. 
The Government implemented the CRD IV with Legislative Decree No. 72 of 12 May 2015 ("Decree 72/2015"), 
which entered into force on 27 June 2015. Decree 72/2015 impacts, inter alia, on: 
• 
proposed acquirers of holdings in credit institutions, requirements for shareholders and members of the 
management body (Articles 23 and 91 of the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
competent authorities' powers to intervene in cases of crisis management (Articles 64, 65, 102 and 104 of 
the CRD IV Directive); 
• 
reporting of potential or actual breaches of national provisions (so called "whistleblowing", Article 71 of 
the CRD IV Directive); and 
• 
administrative penalties and measures (Article 65 of the CRD IV Directive). 
Circular No. 285 is divided in four parts: (i) Part One is on the implementation of CRD IV in Italy through 
secondary provisions within the competence of the Bank of Italy; (ii) Part Two contains rules needed to implement 
the CRR; (iii) Part Three contains prudential provisions on matters and types of risks not directly covered by the 
CRD IV Package that, though not harmonized at European level, are necessary to align the Italian regulatory 
system to the best practices and requirements established by international bodies, including the core principles of 
the Basel Committee; and (iv) Part Four sets forth provisions concerning intermediaries. 
Insofar as capital requirements are concerned, banks (including illimity) are required to comply with the following 
minimum capital requirements: (i) a Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 4.5%; (ii) a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6%; 
and (iii) a Total Capital Ratio of 8%. In addition, banks are required to retain combined buffers comprised of: a 
capital conservation buffer equal to 2.5% of risk-weighted assets, a counter-cyclical capital buffer currently set at 
0%, while banks that qualify as global systemically important institutions (G-SII) and other systemically important 
institutions at domestic level (O-SII) are required to meet also additional capital buffers.

--- Page 10 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 4 - 
47-41043353 
 
In addition, illimity is subject to the Pillar 2 requirements for banks, which will be impacted, on an ongoing basis, 
by the SREP. The SREP aims to ensure that institutions have adequate arrangements, strategies, processes, and 
mechanisms to maintain the amounts, types, and distribution of internal capital commensurate to their risk profile, 
as well as robust governance and internal control arrangements. The key purpose of the SREP is to ensure that 
institutions have adequate arrangements as well as capital and liquidity to ensure sound management and coverage 
of the risks to which they are or might be exposed, including those revealed by stress testing, as well as risks the 
institution may pose to the financial system. 
On 19 March 2020 illimity Bank, in conclusion of the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) 
performed on the illimity Banking Group, received notification from the Bank of Italy of the prudential 
requirements to be observed at the consolidated level with effect from 31 March 2020. To ensure compliance with 
the binding requirements even in the event of a deterioration in the economic and financial scenario (Pillar 2 
Guidance - P2G), the Bank of Italy also identified the following capital levels, which the illimity Banking Group 
was invited to maintain on an ongoing basis: 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 9.10%; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio of 11.00%; 
• 
Total Capital ratio of 13.50%. 
The supervisory authority also indicated a need – without prejudice to the additional supervisory requirements set 
out in the notification sent – for observance of the commitment to keep the CET1 ratio over 15% on an ongoing 
basis. 
As of 30 June 2022, illimity presented a phased-in CET1 ratio of 16.2% (18.1% pro-forma taking into account 
the amendment to article 127 of the CRR which had effect from 11 July 2022 and the inclusion of the special 
shares which will be automatically converted to ordinary shares in the third quarter) and a phased-in Total Capital 
ratio of 21.3% (23.6% pro-forma). 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that the total capital requirements imposed on the Issuer 
from time to time (also as a result of the introduction of more stringent legislation or other external factors and 
unpredictable events beyond the Issuer's control) may not be higher than the levels of capital available at such 
time. 
The quantum of any Pillar 2 requirement imposed on a bank, the type of capital which it must apply to meet such 
capital requirements, and whether the Pillar 2 requirement is "stacked" below the capital buffers (i.e. the bank's 
capital resources must first be applied to meeting the Pillar 2 requirements in full before capital can be applied to 
meeting the capital buffers) or "stacked" above the capital buffers (i.e. the bank's capital resources can be applied 
to meeting the capital buffers in priority to the Pillar 2 requirement) may all impact a bank's ability to comply 
with the combined buffer requirement. 
As set out in the "Opinion of the European Banking Authority on the interaction of Pillar 1, Pillar 2 and combined 
buffer requirements and restrictions on distributions" published on 16 December 2015, in the EBA's opinion 
competent authorities should ensure that the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital to be taken into account in 
determining the Common Equity Tier 1 Capital available to meet the combined buffer requirement is limited to 
the amount not used to meet the Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 Own Funds requirements of the institution. In effect, this 
would mean that Pillar 2 capital requirements would be "stacked" below the capital buffers, and thus a firm's 
CET1 resources would only be applied to meeting capital buffer requirements after Pillar 1 and Pillar 2 capital 
requirements have been met in full. 
However, the above has been more clearly regulated in the EBA Guidelines on SREP published in July 2018. The 
EBA guidelines define a distinction between the "Pillar 2 Requirement" (stacked below the capital buffers and 
thus directly affecting the application of a Maximum Distributable Amount, as defined below) and "Pillar 2 
Guidance" (stacked above the capital buffers). In cases where a "Pillar 2 Guidance" is provided, that guidance 
will not be included in the calculation of the Maximum Distributable Amount (as defined below), but competent 
authorities would expect banks to meet that guidance.  
Moreover, the CRD Reform Package further clarifies the distinction between "Pillar 2 Requirement" and "Pillar 
2 Guidance". In particular, the "Pillar 2 Guidance" refers to the possibility for competent authorities to

--- Page 11 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 5 - 
47-41043353 
 
communicate to an institution their expectations for such institution to hold capital more than its capital 
requirements (Pillar 1 and Pillar 2) and combined buffer requirements in order to address forward-looking and 
remote situations. Under the CRD Reform Package (and as described above), only the "Pillar 2 Requirement", 
and not the "Pillar 2 Guidance", will be relevant in determining whether an institution meets its combined buffer 
requirement for the purposes of the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions. 
In addition to the above, the Maximum Distributable Amount restrictions are being extended to also encompass 
the minimum Leverage Ratio Requirement and the MREL requirement. 
Within the CRD Reform Package a new Article 141b is included in the CRD IV Directive which introduces 
restrictions on distributions in the case of failure to meet the Leverage Ratio requirement (including any applicable 
buffer, i.e. G-SIB buffer), thus introducing a new Leverage Ratio Maximum Distributable Amount (L-MDA). The 
BRRD Reforms instead contain a new Article 16a that clarifies the stacking order between the combined buffer 
and the MREL requirement. Pursuant to this new provision the resolution authority shall have the power to 
prohibit an entity from distributing more than the Maximum Distributable Amount for the Minimum Requirement 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities "MREL" (calculated in accordance with the proposed Article 16 a (4) of 
the revised BRRD, the M-MDA) where the combined buffer requirement and the MREL requirement are not met. 
The Article 16 envisages a potential nine-month grace period during which the resolution authority assesses 
monthly whether to exercise its powers under the provision, before such resolution authority is compelled to 
exercise its power under the provisions (subject to certain limited exceptions, to be verified on a monthly basis). 
As part of the CRD IV Package transitional arrangements, regulatory capital recognition of outstanding 
instruments which qualified as Tier I and Tier II capital instruments under the framework which the CRD IV 
Package has replaced that no longer meet the minimum criteria under the CRD IV Package will be gradually 
phased out. Fixing the base at the nominal amount of such instruments outstanding on 1 January 2013, their 
recognition is capped at 80 per cent. In 2014, with this cap decreasing by 10 per cent, in each subsequent year 
(zero cap in 2021). 
Further, the Basel III agreements provided for the introduction of a Liquidity Coverage Ratio ("LCR"), to 
establish and maintain a liquidity buffer that will permit the bank to survive for 30 days in the event of serious 
stress. The Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 2015/61, adopted on 10 October 2014 and published in 
the Official Journal of the European Union in January 2015, specifies the calculation rules of the LCR. The CRD 
IV Package contains specific mandates for the EBA to develop draft regulatory or implementing technical 
standards as well as guidelines and reports related to liquidity coverage ratio and leverage ratio to enhance 
regulatory harmonisation in Europe through the Single Rule Book. 
The Banking Reform Package introduces a binding (Pillar 1) leverage ratio of three per cent. of Tier 1 capital 
which banks must meet in parallel with their own risk-based capital requirements, as well as an additional leverage 
ratio buffer requirement for institutions identified as G-SIIs; and a Net Stable Funding Ratio ("NSFR") to prevent 
overreliance by banks on short-term funding raised in wholesale markets to finance their long-term commitments.  
The CRR contains a supporting factor for small and medium-sized enterprises (SMEs), which lowers the capital 
requirements for credit risk on exposures to SMEs of up to Euro 1.5 million by 23.81 percent. The Banking Reform 
Package extends this reduction of 23.81 percent to exposures of up to Euro 2.5 million and introduces a new SME 
supporting factor reduction of 15 percent for the part of SME exposures exceeding Euro 2.5 million. 
There can be no assurance as to the result of any future SREP and whether this will impose further additional own 
funds requirements (or guidance) on the Issuer. The strengthening of capital adequacy requirements, restrictions 
on liquidity and increase in any of the liquidity coverage, net stable funding, leverage, and other ratio requirements 
could adversely affect the Issuer's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 
Maximum Distributable Amount means any applicable maximum distributable amount relating to the Issuer 
and/or the illimity Group, as the case may be, required to be calculated in accordance with the CRD IV Directive 
and/or any other Relevant Regulation(s) (or any provision of Italian law transposing or implementing the CRD 
IV Directive and/or, if relevant, any other Relevant Regulation(s)).

--- Page 12 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 6 - 
47-41043353 
 
(B) 
Risks related to the Issuer's business activities and industry 
Our results of operations may be negatively impacted by the current macroeconomic scenario and the COVID-19 
outbreak. 
The evolution of the macroeconomic scenario could negatively affect the results of operation and the economic 
and financial situation of the Issuer and/or of the illimity group  leading the Issuer and/or the illimity group to 
incur losses, increase the cost of financing and reduce the value of assets held. 
In this respect, the macroeconomic scenario recently worsened following the Russia-Ukraine war that started in 
February 2022 with the invasion of Ukraine by Russia. The extent of the consequences of this war with regard to 
energy price increases and inflation as a whole on the one hand and trade restrictions and sanctions on the other 
hand, but also counterreactions and the duration of such a conflict are not foreseeable at this time.  This conflict 
is having and could have further significant adverse effects on European and Italian economies, the inflation, and 
the stability of international financial markets. 
In this respect, also the Covid-19 pandemic fall-out is still having significant negative consequences on the overall 
scenario and in turn on the Italian banking sector in which the Issuer operates. The pandemic significantly affected 
the markets, globally and locally, from a systemic standpoint. Although the effects of the pandemic are expected 
to be temporary, new business disruptions internationally and related financial impact cannot be reasonably 
estimated at this time. Such circumstances originated a general uncertainty, and the full extent of its adverse 
impacts is not entirely foreseeable at the moment.  
The Italian Government enacted two laws in response to the epidemiological emergency: 
• 
Law Decree no. 18/2020 (converted into Italian Law no. 27/2020), which introduced a legal suspension, 
initially until 30 September 2020, subsequently extended to 31 January 2021 (and then to 30 June 2021), 
for maturing loans and lines of credit contracted by SMEs, as an urgent measure to contain the effects of 
the business shutdowns ordered in response to the emergency – similar measures have been implemented 
at a private level, with the renewal of the agreements between the Italian Banking Association and trade 
associations; and 
• 
Law Decree no. 23/2020 (converted into Italian Law no. 40/2020), which modified the rules governing 
public guarantees, expanding the scope of application of the traditional subsidies provided through the 
SME Central Guarantee Fund (CGF) and introducing a government guarantee, intended to secure loans of 
more than Euro 5 million or loans to companies too large to be eligible for the CGF. 
The Issuer acted promptly in response to the pandemic, adopting several actions to deal with the critical context 
and to mitigate the related risks, and implemented the measures introduced by the Italian lawmaker. The Issuer's 
activity may be adversely affected, as higher operating costs, lower fee earnings, credit losses, compliance and 
corporate governance challenges and a compression of net interest income can be expected. The Issuer cannot 
assure that the outbreak will not have a material adverse impact on the Issuer's business and financial performance. 
The future impact of the outbreak is still highly uncertain, and its final magnitude cannot be predicted. The extent 
of the impact will depend on future developments, including actions taken to contain COVID-19 and the effects 
of ongoing immunisation programmes implemented by the relevant States. The paramount concern for the end of 
2022 and for 2023 lies in a resurgence of the pandemic. The surge of variants of the virus more resistant to vaccines 
is a potential obstacle to a resumption of economic normality, accompanied by the operational risks related to the 
production, distribution, and inoculation of the vaccine and the reluctance of sectors of the population as regards 
their efficacy. Moreover, differences in access of populations to vaccines can trigger false starts regarding the 
reopening of economies and require extensions of the period of social distancing, augmenting uncertainties and 
insecurities faced by households, companies, and politicians. 
Risks related to the Issuer's dependence on key members of management  
The Issuer's performance and the future success of its operations depend to a significant extent on its ability to 
attract, retain and motivate qualified staff with relevant experience in the business segments in which the Issuer 
operates. In particular, the Issuer's operations depend to a large extent on the continued contributions of certain 
key members of its management, including the Issuer's Chief Executive Officer, who has significant experience

--- Page 13 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 7 - 
47-41043353 
 
in the banking and Distressed Credit industries and with none of whom the Issuer has entered into non-competition 
arrangements. 
The loss of the services of one or more of these key figures combined with the failure to identify equally 
qualified/skilled replacement(s) therefore, the inability to recruit additional resources in certain functions as well 
as operational personnel fundamental for growth in the specific business areas envisaged in the Issuer's Strategic 
Plan, may prejudice illimity's competitiveness and ability to achieve its business objectives. These risks, if realized, 
may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's operations and financial and economic conditions and, 
accordingly, on the Issuer's ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes as well as the market price and value 
of the Notes. 
Risks related to increasing competition in the sectors in which the Issuer operates 
The Issuer's activities are grouped into four business Divisions: Growth Credit Division, Distressed Credit 
Division, Direct Banking & Digital Operations Division and Investment Banking Division. See further 
"Description of the Issuer – Business Overview". In each of these business areas, the Issuer faces intense 
competitive pressures that have been increasing in recent years and will likely further increase as a result of 
changes in legislation, the actions of competitors, consumer demand, technological changes, consolidations 
through mergers and acquisitions, the entrance of new competitors and other factors not necessarily under the 
Issuer's control. 
With specific reference to the Distressed Credit Division, there is a growing interest of foreign and domestic 
specialist players to enter Italy's NPL market. An increasing number of direct banking operators that provide 
internet banking services in Italy as well as traditional banks that offer online and mobile services alongside 
traditional channels in recent years have increased competitive pressure on the business areas of the Direct 
Banking & Digital Operations Division, driving the need for significant investments to meet customers' demand 
for new, technologically sophisticated financial services. The business activities of the Growth Credit Division 
are similarly facing increased competition from the entrance of new market players offering new products with 
high technological content. The entrance of non-bank players (such as private equity funds or other lenders 
offering alternative financial solutions that are more accessible and less costly) that are subject to less stringent 
regulations because they do not qualify as credit institutions, has also resulted in significant changes in the 
competitive landscape in general. In relation to the Investment Banking Division, competition is increasing due 
to the growing number of market players whose main services are financial advisory, equity and capital market 
services and alternative lending solutions. 
If illimity is unable to meet these increasing competitive pressures successfully, it may not be able to achieve the 
objectives set out in its Strategic Plan in the manner or within the time frames envisaged and the Issuer's businesses 
and prospects could be negatively affected, which could have a negative effect on its financial condition, results 
and cash flow. 
Risks related to the illimity's investments in NPL securitisation transactions and SPV financing  
The operations of the Issuer's Distressed Credit Division consist in investing in NPL securitisation transactions in 
which Aporti and other SPVs purchase NPL portfolios funded by the issuance of asset backed securities that are 
subscribed in full by illimity, or in purchasing NPL single name exposure.  
In terms of GBV (Gross Book Value) declared by the contracting parties and considering the investments made 
during 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021, the total volume acquired by the Bank as at 30 June 2022 amounted to Euro 
10.7 billion, against a consideration of Euro 1.5 billion. 
The Issuer's activities in the Distressed Credit Division also includes the financing to third investors that buy NPL 
portfolios, through a securitization vehicle ex art. 130/1999, by subscribing the senior notes issued by the SPV. 
In certain instances, illimity acts as the sponsor of the securitisation in accordance with the EU securitisation 
regulation (Regulation 2017/2042) which requires a material net economic interest in the securitisation in 
accordance with the risk retention requirement set forth in Article 6 of the regulation, subscribing also a limited 
portion of the junior notes.  
Investments in NPLs expose illimity to risk factors affecting the likelihood, timing, and amount of recoveries of 
the underlying receivables, although SPV financing is less risky than direct investments in NPLs. Accordingly,

--- Page 14 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 8 - 
47-41043353 
 
this line of business activities may generate lower-than-expected levels of revenues or even losses, even though 
any loss will be limited to the amount of the loans granted or securities subscribed. 
Risks related to sovereign debt 
A worsening of the credit rating of the Italian government, together with a consequent reduction in the value of 
Italian government bonds, could theoretically lead to a revision of the calculation of the Issuer's risk-weighted 
assets (RWAs) and have a negative impact on its capital ratio requirements if the regulators decide to revise the 
treatment of these assets. Downgrading of Italian government bonds could also result in a revision of the haircuts 
applied by counterparties in refinancing operations such as the ECB's TLTROs, with a consequential increase in 
collaterals required or a reduction in the liquidity received on the collateral provided in refinancing transactions. 
Tensions on the government securities market and volatility of such securities could therefore have negative 
effects on the Issuer's business and its financial condition, results of operations, cash flow and regulatory capital. 
Risks related to inaccurate projections and appraisals  
When negotiating the NPLs purchase price and/or pricing of the asset-backed securities and making any 
investment decisions in SPV financing, the Issuer assesses the (underlying) NPLs on the basis of models and 
analytical tools in order to project cash flow generation from the NPLs, taking into consideration the ability of the 
borrowers to meet their obligations and enforceability of the mortgages and other guarantees securing the NPLs, 
besides stress scenario. The Issuer is thus exposed to the risks of incorrect economic valuation of the NPLs and 
of the related collateral, inaccurate estimation of the recovery timeline owing to the protraction of judicial and 
extrajudicial procedures as well as the inadequacy of the contractual guarantees and collateral securing the NPLs. 
The reliability of the calculations produced by illimity's valuation models depends on the accuracy of the historical 
data provided by the originators as well as the accuracy and availability of other market data supplied by third-
party providers (for example, assessment of borrowers' creditworthiness provided by credit rating agencies). Any 
flaw in the data underlying these calculations, any termination or suspension of services from the third-party 
providers, or adverse change in the terms of their services (such as a significant increase in their fees) could affect 
the Issuer's ability to make proper investment decisions, thereby resulting in a negative impact on the Issuer's 
financial condition and results of operations. There can furthermore be no assurance that illimity's managers will 
not make material mistakes or errors in judgment when utilizing these models and analytical tools, resulting in 
erroneous appraisals of the receivables or of the collateral and other guarantees securing them and in inaccurate 
cash flow projections, which could negatively impact the solidity of the investment as a whole. Projections and 
appraisals may prove impossible as a result of the unavailability or insufficiency of data. An incorrect estimation 
of the time frames for out-of-court settlements or judicial enforcement procedures could also affect the accuracy 
of projections. 
More in general, any miscalculation in illimity's projections could potentially result in the adoption of erroneous 
recovery strategies by illimity's recovery and servicing teams, thereby negatively impacting the performance of 
its proprietary NPLs (single name and portfolios) as well as illimity's ability to service third-party NPLs pursuant 
to servicing mandates. 
Should actual recoveries from the underlying receivables (including by way of enforcement) prove to be 
significantly less than the estimated recoveries, or the enforcement of collateral and other guarantees prove to be 
more problematic and/or time-consuming than envisaged, the return on the asset-backed securities subscribed by 
the Issuer and other revenues from this line of business activities would be adversely affected, thereby resulting 
in a negative impact on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to borrowers' concentration  
The degree of single-name concentration of illimity's loans portfolio shows a constant decreasing trend. Indeed, 
the concentration levels have been managed applying a set of internal limits set forth by the Issuer's Risk Appetite 
Framework (RAF) and internal policies. Specifically, the Issuer has been seeking to address loans concentration 
by setting quantitative limits on big-ticket exposures, implementing syndication operations and broadening the 
granularity of the credit exposures via NPL portfolios purchases, in the context of an improvement in the quality 
of its loan's portfolio in terms of the borrowers' credit rating. The Issuer's operations will likely be adversely 
affected by negative trends of the industry segments (industrial sectors concentration risk) where the Issuer's

--- Page 15 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 9 - 
47-41043353 
 
portfolio to the borrower is concentrated, risk that is mitigated through an effective sectors limit system and ex-
ante simulation about the impact of future business pipelines on the concentration limits. 
illimity carries out nearly all its lending activities in the Italian market, which are therefore sensitive to the 
conditions of the Italian economy.  
Adverse developments in the Italian economy in general, the economic conditions of the northern regions in 
particular, the specific industry sectors to which illimity's borrowers belong, and the performance of the asset 
markets of the loans collateral could have negative effects on the Issuer's business and on its financial condition, 
results, and cash flow. 
Interest rate risk: banking book  
The Issuer is exposed to the risk of significant fluctuations in interest rates which could have a material adverse 
effect on its financial condition and results of operations. This risk concerns assets, liabilities as well as off-balance 
sheet items whose values are affected by changes in interest rates and also arises from the mismatching in 
maturities (legal and behavioural through estimation techniques) or pricing (fixed vs indexed rate and repricing 
frequency) between interest income accrued on assets on the one hand, and interest expense incurred on liabilities 
on the other hand. In particular and from a theoretical point of view, a rise in interest rates may result in an increase 
in the cost of funding that is not compensated by increased yields from assets due to mismatches between the 
maturities of assets and liabilities or mismatches between sensitivities to interest rates of assets and liabilities with 
similar maturities. Similarly, a fall in interest rates may lead to a decrease in yield from assets that is not fully 
matched by a reduction in the cost of funding. The type of interest rate risk of the banking book depends on the 
asset and liability position of the Bank from time to time, and the degree of its risk coverage policy. 
Interest rate trends and fluctuations depend on different factors - such as monetary and macroeconomic policies, 
general trends in the national and international economy and the political conditions of Europe and Italy - that are 
beyond the Issuer's control. These fluctuations impact: (a) net interest income and, consequently, net profits (i.e. 
cash flow risk); and (b) the net present value of assets and liabilities and the present value of future cash flows 
(i.e. fair value risk).  
In general, illimity is exposed to the risk that market volatility, liquidity shortages and/or shifts in customers' 
preferences towards determined product types caused by interest rate fluctuations may have a negative impact on 
the business, financial condition and/or results of operations of the Issuer. 
Risks related to outsourcing services  
The Issuer outsources certain information services of its banking operations to Sella Technology Solutions 
regarding its Core Banking Services and to Microsoft Cloud Services regarding the IT infrastructure in which 
illimity has installed all its custom applications, and to other outsourcers in relation to specific IT components or 
IT services. These services include, inter alia, administration of the home-banking system, supply of the virtual 
server services (including disaster recovery), supply of the ex BIP mobile banking application, documentation 
storage, provision of online reports and administration of the data transmission network. 
illimity is exposed to the risk of any failure or interruptions and errors in the performance of services by the 
outsourcer. Bankruptcy or similar proceedings affecting the outsourcer could also lead to discontinuity of the 
relevant services. The occurrence of any of these scenarios could have a material adverse effect on illimity's 
operations. 
Operational risks  
Operational risk is the risk of incurring losses due to the dysfunction or other inadequacies in procedures, human 
resources or internal systems, or due to external factors. This type of risk includes losses due to fraud, human 
errors, interruptions in operations, the unavailability of systems, breaches of contract, or natural disasters. It does 
not include strategic or reputational risk, but does include legal risk related to the violation of applicable laws and 
regulations, to the failure to meet contractual and other obligations, and to other disputes that may arise with 
counterparties in the course of the Issuer's operations. The main sources of operational risk include (inter alia) the 
following: insufficient reliability of operating processes in terms of efficiency and efficacy; internal and external 
fraud; operating errors; an information system not suited to the size and complexity of the organization's 
operations; increasing reliance on automation; outsourcing of company functions; use of a limited number of

--- Page 16 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 10 - 
47-41043353 
 
suppliers; changes in strategy; incorrect policies for human resources management and training; and social and 
environmental factors.  
The measures adopted by the Issuer to mitigate operational risks and to prevent and/or limit any potentially 
negative effects may not be sufficient to handle all types of risk that may arise, and there can be no assurance that 
any one or more of these risks may not arise again in the future as a result of unforeseeable events that are wholly 
or partially beyond the Issuer's control (including fraud or losses caused by employees infidelity and/or violations 
of control processes). The occurrence of any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's 
financial condition, results of operations, and cash flow. 
Risks related to illimity's IT platform  
The maintenance of an efficient and advanced information technology platform subjects the Issuer to costs and 
risks associated with maintenance, upgrades, adaptations, and replacements of the underlying hardware, software, 
and applications, to update technologies that are constantly evolving and to introduce new technologies or 
applications. Inability to anticipate, adopt or manage the necessary technological upgrades, or failure to detect 
defects and implement corrections promptly, could have a material adverse effect on illimity's operations. 
Liquidity risks  
The availability of liquidity and access to long-term financing markets are essential for the Issuer to carry out its 
banking and other core activities and to achieve its strategic objectives. Liquidity risk refers to a bank's inability 
to meet its payment obligations that are either known or foreseen with a reasonable degree of certainty. This may 
occur because of internal causes (an idiosyncratic emergency) or external factors (macroeconomic conditions) 
resulting in unexpected liquidity shortfalls or an increase in funding requirements. There are two main types of 
liquidity risk as follows: 
· 
market liquidity risk refers to the possibility that a bank is unable to liquidate an asset without incurring a 
capital loss or within a suitable time frame due to limited liquidity or market conditions; and 
· 
funding liquidity risk refers to the risk that a bank is unable to meet its scheduled or unscheduled payment 
obligations in a cost-effective manner without compromising its core business or its financial condition. 
illimity monitors its liquidity profile with the use of gap analysis techniques and with the aim to measure the 
Liquidity Coverage Ratio, Net Stable Funding Ratio, Survival Period and Loan-to-Deposit Ratio. Furthermore, 
additional liquidity monitoring metrics (ALMMs) - covering concentration of funding by counterparty and 
product type, pricing details for funding of different durations, roll-over of funding, concentration of 
counterbalancing capacity, and maturity ladder - are reported to the supervisory authorities on a quarterly basis, 
in order to identify potential difficulties indicated by downward trends and/or anomalous levels in these metrics. 
illimity also makes use of early warning indicators, based on internal variables or market indicators. 
A liquidity crisis due to uncertainties inherent in the prevailing macroeconomic landscape, current market trends 
and, more generally, other events beyond the Issuer's control could have an impact on its liquidity profile and 
require the adoption of measures that could have a negative effect on the Issuer's financial condition, results of 
operations and/or cash flow. 
Risks related to macroeconomic and political uncertainty  
As a bank, the Issuer's performance is significantly influenced by the macroeconomic conditions and trends in the 
financial markets in general as well as by the economic condition in Italy in particular. Since Italy is the only 
country in which illimity currently operates as a financing entity, the Issuer's business is particularly sensitive to 
investor perception of the country's reliability and solidity of its financial condition as well as prospects for its 
economic growth. 
On 31 January 2020, the United Kingdom ("UK") formally left the European Union ("Brexit"). The withdrawal 
process encompassed the conclusion of an EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which was ratified by the 
EU Council on 29 April 2021. This agreement does not create a detailed framework to govern the cross-border 
provision of regulated financial services from the UK into the EU and from the EU into the UK. Even though the 
withdrawal agreement entered by the EU and the UK ensures there is a statute book in the UK, the Treaty on the 
European Union and the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK.

--- Page 17 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 11 - 
47-41043353 
 
Furthermore, there remain significant uncertainties with regards to the political and economic outlook of the UK 
and the EU.  
At the date of the Base Prospectus, it remains unclear whether Italy and some European economies will be able 
to make a significant, structural turnaround over the medium to long term.  
If the adverse economic conditions continue to persist, or should there be further turbulence in the global financial 
markets or resurgence of sovereign debt tensions, or if political instability in Italy negatively affect the country's 
economic recovery, the resulting market disruptions could impact the Issuer's ability to access capital and liquidity 
on acceptable terms, lead to slowdown of its operations and/or result in potential losses, with possible negative 
effects on the Issuer's financial condition, results and/or cash flow. 
Risks related to trends of the real estate industry  
The Issuer is exposed to risks of the real estate industry as a direct result of its lending to borrowers belonging to 
the real estate and construction sector whose cash flows are generated mainly from the leasing and sale of 
commercial real estates. The real estate industry has witnessed over recent years an increase in funding costs and 
difficulties in accessing credit as well as falls in volumes and operating margins. There has also been a decline in 
investment in both residential and non-residential constructions alongside a parallel reduction in property sales 
triggered by uncertainties of the economy, the difficult outlook of the jobs market, a fall in disposable income, 
and an increased tax burden on various types of properties. All these factors have had a negative impact on the 
profitability of companies operating in the real estate industry, adversely affecting their ability to repay loans they 
have obtained from banks (including the Issuer).  
The Issuer is exposed to risks of the real estate industry also as an indirect result of granting loans to individuals 
or corporate customers that are secured by real estate assets.  
The activities of the Issuer's Distressed Credit Division, insofar as they concern investing in NPLs backed by real 
estate assets, are also exposed to trends in the real estate market. The value of the real estate collateral securing 
the customer loans and underlying the NPLs may be affected by, among other things, a decline in property values, 
which could translate into a reduction in the realization value of the collateral upon enforcement. Property values 
may in turn be affected by changes in the general and regional economic conditions as well as the strength (or 
weakness) of the Italian national economy, the local economy where the properties are situated, and the real estate 
market in general. No assurance can be given that the values of the relevant real estate assets have remained (or 
will remain) at the levels at which they were on the origination dates of the related loans, or at the levels envisaged 
by the Issuer when pricing its NPL investment.  
Furthermore, the worsening of the real estate market could potentially require the Issuer to make (additional) 
adjustments to the value of loans granted to borrowers operating in the real estate industry or of its mortgage loans. 
The occurrence of any of the scenarios could have significantly negative effects on the Issuer's financial condition, 
results and cash flow. 
Risks connected to the absence of credit ratings 
On 17 November 2021, Fitch Ratings ("Fitch") published illimity Bank S.p.A.'s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating 
(IDR) of "BB-" and its Viability Rating (VR) of "bb-", with Stable Outlook. At the same time, Fitch Ratings 
improved its rating of the debts issued by the Bank, assigning its preferred senior bond a rating of "BB-" (up two 
notches from B), and its class 2 subordinated debt a "B" rating (up from B-). Credit ratings represent an important 
component of the Issuer's liquidity profile and affect the cost and other terms according to which the Issuer is able 
to obtain funding. Any downgrading of illimity's ratings may adversely affect its access to funding and could 
increase its funding costs, potentially affecting its financial performance. Unsolicited credit ratings of the Issuer 
may impact investor's assessments and could affect illimity's cost of borrowing and have negative effects on the 
Issuer's financial conditions, results, and cash flow. 
Furthermore, any future downgrade of the sovereign credit rating of Italy or any relevant State or the perception 
that such a downgrade may occur may adversely affect the market's perception of the Issuer creditworthiness and 
have a negative impact on the ratings of illimity. 
Risks related to alternative performance measures

--- Page 18 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 12 - 
47-41043353 
 
In order to facilitate interpretation of the Issuer's financial performance and standing, management has defined a 
number of Alternative Performance Measures ("APMs"). These indicators provide investors with supplemental 
information that facilitate interpretation of the Issuer's financial performance and standing, while also enabling 
the Issuer to identify trends in operations, to make investment and operating decisions, and to allocate resources. 
These APMs are not replacements for the indicators required by the IASs and IFRSs, so they may not be 
comparable to the alternative indicators of other issuers, and there may be the risk of differences in the definition 
of these indicators. 
With regard to interpretation of these alternative performance measures, it should be noted that: 
· 
the indicators are calculated based on historical data on the Issuer and are not indicative of future trends; 
· 
the APMs are not required by international standards (IAS/IFRS), so they are not subject to audit, although 
they are based on the separate and consolidated financial statements; 
· 
the APMs are not to be considered as replacements for the measures envisaged by IFRSs; 
· 
the APMs are to be interpreted in conjunction with the financial information found in the illimity Bank 
Consolidated Financial Statements for the six-months period ended 30 June 2022 and for the year ended 
31 December 2021; 
· 
the APMs used by the Issuer have been calculated and presented in a similar manner for all periods for 
which financial information has been provided in the Base Prospectus. 
For further information on the APMs, reference should be made to Chapter "Description of the Issuer", paragraph 
"Alternative performance measures" of the Base Prospectus. 
Risks related to market volatility and the performance of financial instruments  
Market risk is the risk caused by losses in the value of the financial instruments held by an issuer due to 
fluctuations in market variables (by way of example, but not limited to, interest rates, share prices, exchange rates, 
commodity prices, volatility, and their correlation effects) or due to other factors (that affect the issuer's credit 
spreads), which could result in a deterioration of its financial condition. 
These fluctuations could be caused by (inter alia) a change in the general performance of the Italian and 
international economy, trends in investment and divestment by (qualified) investors, changes in monetary and 
fiscal policies, global market liquidity, the availability and cost of capital, actions taken by ratings agencies, local 
and international political events and conflicts or terrorist attacks.  
Risks related to competition and operations in the banking and financial services industry  
The banking and financial services industry in which illimity operates is highly competitive. 
Competition in the Italian banking industry has increased in recent years and may likely intensify further as a 
result of consolidation in the industry, regulatory changes, the conduct of competitors, consumer demand, changes 
in technology, the entrance of new competitors, innovations introduced by financial-technology companies, and 
other factors not necessarily within the control of the Issuer. The worsening of the macroeconomic conditions 
could add to the competitive pressure through, for example, increased pressure on lending margins, increases in 
the cost of funding, or lower business volumes. 
Should the Issuer be unable to respond to these increasing competitive pressures by, for example, offering 
innovative, profitable products and services able to meet the needs of the customer, the Issuer may be unable to 
achieve the strategic objectives of its Strategic Plan, and this could have negative effects on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
(C) 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Risks related to oversight by the Bank of Italy

--- Page 19 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 13 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Issuer is subject to a complex set of regulations that affect its business and services as well as to the oversight 
of a number of competent authorities, including the Bank of Italy. In particular, the Bank of Italy performs audits 
and inspections on credit institutions, including the Issuer, that concern (inter alia) an institution's organisation 
and operating processes, including those that govern the management, recognition, and measurement of an 
institution's assets and liabilities, as well as the annual Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) that 
determines a credit institution's regulatory capital requirements. 
Following discussions with the Bank of Italy, in the last years the Issuer has put in place measures to address these 
observations, including the hiring of a head of Compliance, reinforcing the Internal Audit function, updating the 
policies for loans administration and provisioning, implementing actions in order to improve its credit origination 
and monitoring processes and its credit risk management controls and improvements to the operating platform 
that manages the banking book.  
The Issuer has furthermore implemented the internal procedures to prepare and submit to the Bank of Italy 
quarterly reports on its operations, as requested by the Bank of Italy in its letter authorizing the repurchase of 
treasury shares in the context of the Merger. In view of the expanded business operations envisaged in illimity's 
post-Merger Business Plan, the Bank of Italy stressed the importance for the corporate bodies to be promptly 
informed of the results of the activities conducted by the internal control functions and any dysfunctions identified 
and requested that the competent internal control functions prepare quarterly reports on the results of their 
assessments and analyses for the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors. These reports – which 
are then to be submitted to the Bank of Italy after having been reviewed by the Board of Directors and Board of 
Statutory Auditors – are to cover the following areas: 
· 
analyses conducted by risk management concerning: the degree of exposure to the various types of risk 
(e.g. credit, operational, ICT, liquidity, market, interest rate, concentration, etc.); trends in asset quality; 
compliance with the limits set by the risk appetite framework; and current and future capital and liquidity 
adequacy, taking into account of first and second pillar risks assumed and the planned increase in operating 
volumes; 
· 
audits conducted by the Compliance & AML and Internal Audit functions, including indications of any 
weaknesses identified and their severity, any corrective action taken or to be taken, the persons responsible, 
and the time frame, for implementing such actions. 
There can be no assurance that the measures to manage the risks assumed and the procedures to address Bank of 
Italy's requests and observations will be effective at all times, or that future audits or inspections by the competent 
authorities will not impose additional requirements on the Issuer that may have an adverse effect on its operations 
and financial condition. 
Risks related to the collection, storage and processing of personal data  
In the ordinary course of its operations, the Issuer collects, stores and uses data that is protected by data protection 
laws, as set out in the EU General Data Protection Regulation (EU 2016/679, "GDPR"). The GDPR applies to all 
processing of personal data, being any operation performed upon identifiable information of an individual (data 
subject) within the EU. Therefore, the Issuer undertakes to act in compliance with the GDPR in relation to any 
processing of personal data related to clients, employees and stakeholders. Security measures are implemented by 
the ICT Security Function of the Issuer in order to mitigate the risk of data breach as well as the risk of 
unauthorized use, access and modification of personal data and the risk of data loss. Breaches of the GDPR could 
result in administrative fines of up to Euro 20 million or 4% of an undertaking's worldwide annual turnover of the 
financial year preceding the breach, whichever is the higher. Any destruction, damage, loss, unauthorized use or 
dissemination of customer data by the Issuer in breach of the GDPR requirements, and any violation of data 
protection laws by the Issuer's suppliers resulting in losses for which the Issuer is not fully indemnified against, 
may result in fines and reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer's business, 
financial condition and results of operations. 
Risks related to the applicability of new accounting  
The Issuer prepares its financial reports in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) 
issued by the International Accounting Standards Board (IASB) and adopted by the European Union as applicable 
at the time of preparation. The Issuer is therefore exposed (similar to other parties operating in the banking sector) 
to the effects of the entry into force and subsequent application of new accounting principles or standards and

--- Page 20 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 14 - 
47-41043353 
 
regulations and/or changes to them. In particular, the Issuer could, in the future, need to revise the treatment of 
certain assets, liabilities, income or expenses for accounting and/or regulatory purposes, and this could have 
potentially significant negative effects on its financial reporting. 
Risks related to the administrative liability of legal persons  
The Issuer has established, since 26 July 2018, an Organisation, Management and Control Model (the "Model"), 
in accordance with Legislative Decree 231/2001 to implement a system of rules aimed at preventing the 
commission of crimes by senior management and the other relevant individuals that come within the scope of 
application of such legislation.  
In accordance with the relevant legislation, a Board of Statutory Auditors has been appointed by the Board of 
Directors to act as the supervisory body (Organismo di Vigilanza) envisaged by Legislative Decree 231/2001 and 
in such capacity, has the task to ensure the correct functioning of, and compliance with, the Model as well as to 
update the Model. The Organismo di Vigilanza is entrusted with the necessary powers to take action autonomously 
in accordance with its supervisory purposes. For further reference see: "Description of Issuer – Board of Statutory 
Auditors". 
Despite adoption of the Model and supervision by the Organismo di Vigilanza, the Issuer may not be exonerated 
from potential liability under Legislative Decree 231/2001 for illegal acts committed by persons within the 
company. In particular, illimity may be held responsible in determined circumstances and may be required to pay 
pecuniary fines imposed pursuant to Legislative Decree 231/2000. 
Risks related to changes in fiscal law  
The Issuer is subject to risks associated with changes in tax law or in the interpretation of tax law, changes in tax 
rates and consequences arising from non-compliance with procedures required by tax authorities. More in 
particular, the Issuer is required to pay Italian corporate income taxes (IRES) pursuant to Title II of Italian 
Presidential Decree no. 917 of 22 December 1986 (i.e. the Consolidated Income Tax Law, or "TUIR") and the 
Italian regional business tax (IRAP) pursuant to Legislative Decree no. 446 of 15 December 1997, and the amount 
of taxes due and payable by the Issuer may be affected by tax benefits from time to time available. 
The Issuer currently benefits from the stimulus provisions introduced by way of article 1 of Italian Law Decree 
no. 201 of 6 December 2011, as amended and converted into Law no. 214 of 22 December 2011, concerning 
"economic-growth allowances" (aiuto alla crescita economica, or "ACE"). The ACE rules allow for a deduction 
from net income for the purposes of IRES of an amount computed by applying a notional yield (being 1.3% from 
2019 onwards) to the increase in net equity (the "ACE base"). The ACE base is, for the first year of application 
of ACE (i.e. 2011), the amount of equity existing at close of that year less the amount of equity as of 31 December 
2010 (excluding profits earned in 2010) and, for subsequent years, the base carried forward from the previous 
year as adjusted (increased and reduced) to reflect components affecting equity. 
In accordance with article 3 of the Italian Ministerial Decree of 3 August 2017 revising the implementing 
provisions of the ACE legislation, if the amount of the notional yield (i.e. the ACE deduction) exceeds net income 
declared for a given tax year (the "Excess ACE"), such excess (i) may increase the amount deductible from income 
in subsequent tax years, or (ii) may be converted into a tax credit calculated by applying the IRES tax rate to the 
Excess ACE amount and then utilised in five annual instalments of equal amount as an offset to IRAP up to the 
amount of tax due for the period. 
From time to time, the Italian budget law may also include provisions that affect the deductibility of particular 
items that could result in an increase in the taxable income of the Issuer for IRES and/or IRAP purposes, either in 
general or for specific tax period(s), for example the measures introduced by the 2019 budget law as regards the 
treatment of loss on loans to customers recognised on first application of IFRS 9. 
Any legislative changes affecting the calculation of taxes could therefore have an impact on the Issuer's financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
Risks related to outstanding disputes and the adequacy of provisions  
The Issuer operates in a legal and regulatory context that exposes it to a wide range of potential disputes related, 
for example, to the terms and conditions applied to customers, the nature and characteristics of the financial

--- Page 21 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 15 - 
47-41043353 
 
products and services provided, administrative irregularities, claw back actions and labour/employment lawsuits. 
Accordingly, the Issuer is party to a number of administrative, civil and tax proceedings as well as judicial and 
regulatory investigations relating to its activities as part of the ordinary course of business, the outcome of which 
cannot be predicted. See further "Description of the Issuer – Litigation". It cannot be excluded that the occurrence 
of new developments that, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, are not predictable may result in such provisions 
being inadequate. Given the risks inherent in court rulings, there can be no guarantee that the Issuer will succeed 
in obtaining judgments or settlements favourable to it. To the extent the Issuer is not successful in any one or more 
of these proceedings and/or investigations that are pending or that may be initiated in the future, its reputation, 
financial position and results may be adversely affected. 
Risks related to the bail-in  
Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council establishing a framework for the recovery 
and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the "BRRD") is designed to provide competent 
authorities with a set of tools to intervene sufficiently early and quickly in an unsound or failing institution so as 
to ensure the continuity of the institution's critical financial and economic functions while minimizing the impact 
of an institution's failure on the economy and the financial system. 
If the relevant resolution authority considers that (a) an institution is failing or likely to fail, (b) there is no 
reasonable prospect that any alternative private sector measures would prevent the failure of such institution 
within a reasonable timeframe, and (c) a resolution action is in the public interest, the relevant resolution authority 
may use the following resolution tools and powers alone or in combination without the consent of the institution's 
creditors: 
- 
sale of business: which enables resolution authorities to direct the sale of the institution or the whole or 
part of its business on commercial terms; 
- 
bridge institution, which enables resolution authorities to transfer all or part of the business of the 
institution to a "bridge institution" (an entity created for this purpose that is wholly or partially in public 
control); 
- 
asset separation, which enables resolution authorities to transfer impaired or problem assets to one or more 
publicly owned asset management vehicles to allow them to be managed with a view to maximizing their 
value through eventual sale or orderly wind-down (this can be used together with another resolution tool 
only); and 
- 
bail-in relating to eligible liabilities, which gives resolution authorities the power to write down or convert 
to equity all or part of certain claims of unsecured creditors (including the Noteholders) and to write down 
or convert to equity certain unsecured debt claims (including the Notes issued under the Programme) into 
shares or other instruments of ownership (i.e. shares, other instruments that cover ownership, instruments 
that are convertible into or give the right to acquire shares or other instruments of ownership, and 
instruments representing interests in shares or other instruments of ownership (the "general bail-in tool")), 
which equity could also be subject to any future application of the general bail-in tool. 
The BRRD also provides for a Member State as a last resort, after having assessed and made use of the above 
resolution tools (including the general bail-in tool) to the maximum extent practicable whilst maintaining financial 
stability, to be able to provide extraordinary public financial support through additional financial stabilization 
tools. These consist of public entity support and temporary public ownership tools. Any such extraordinary 
financial support must be provided in accordance with the EU state aid framework. 
An institution or, under certain conditions, a group will be considered as failing or likely to fail when: (i) it is, or 
is likely in the near future to be, in breach of its requirements for continuing authorization; (ii) its assets are, or 
are likely in the near future to be, less than its liabilities; (iii) it is, or is likely in the near future to be, unable to 
pay its debts as they fall due; or (iv) it requires extraordinary public financial support (except in limited 
circumstances). 
In addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD provides for resolution authorities to have the further statutory 
power to permanently write down (or convert into equity) tier 1 and tier 2 capital instruments (such as 
Subordinates Notes issued under the Programme) at the point of non-viability and before any other resolution 
action is taken ("non-viability loss absorption"). Any shares issued to holders of such capital instruments upon

--- Page 22 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 16 - 
47-41043353 
 
any such statutory conversion into equity may also be subject to subsequent application of the general bail-in tool, 
which may result in cancellation or dilution of the shareholding. For the purposes of the application of any non-
viability loss absorption measure, the point of non-viability under the BRRD is the point at which the relevant 
authority determines that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group meets the conditions for resolution 
(but no resolution action has yet been taken) or that the institution or, under certain conditions, the group will no 
longer be viable unless the relevant capital instruments are written down or converted or extraordinary public 
support is to be provided and the appropriate authority determines that without such support the institution or, 
under certain conditions, the group would no longer be viable. 
Any application of the general bail-in tool and non-viability loss absorption under the BRRD shall be in 
accordance with the hierarchy of claims in normal insolvency proceedings. Accordingly, the impact of such 
application on the Noteholders will depend on their ranking in accordance with such hierarchy, including any 
priority given to other creditors such as depositors. Therefore, also in a non-bankruptcy scenario, the Senior Notes, 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes and the Subordinated Notes issued under the Programme might be written down to 
zero, or converted to equity, without the prior consent of the relevant Noteholders.  
The BRRD has been implemented in Italy through the adoption of two Legislative Decrees by the Italian 
Government. In particular, Legislative Decrees Nos. 180/2015 and 181/2015 implementing the BRRD in Italy 
(the "BRRD Implementing Decrees") were published in the Italian Official Gazette (Gazzetta Ufficiale) on 16 
November 2015. Legislative Decree No. 180/2015 is a stand-alone law, which implements the BRRD in Italy, 
while Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 amends the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 and deals 
principally with recovery plans, early intervention and changes to the creditor hierarchy. The BRRD Implementing 
Decrees entered into force on 16 November 2015, save for: (i) the bail-in tool, which applied from 1 January 2016; 
and (ii) the "depositor preference" to deposits other than those protected by the deposit guarantee scheme and 
those of individuals and small and medium enterprises, which applied from 1 January 2019. 
In the context of these resolution tools, the resolution authorities have the power to amend or alter the maturity of 
debt instruments and other eligible liabilities issued by an institution under resolution or amend the amount of 
interest payable under such instruments and other eligible liabilities, or the date on which the interest becomes 
payable, including by suspending payment for a temporary period, except for those secured liabilities which are 
subject to Article 44(2) of the BRRD.  
In addition, because (i) Article 44(2) of the BRRD excludes certain liabilities from the application of the general 
bail-in tool and (ii) the BRRD provides, at Article 44(3), that the resolution authority may partially or fully exclude 
certain further liabilities from the application of the general bail-in tool, the BRRD specifically contemplates that 
pari passu ranking liabilities may be treated unequally. Accordingly, holders of a Series of Notes issued under the 
Programme may be subject to write-down/conversion upon an application of the general bail-in tool while other 
Series of pari passu ranking Notes (or, in each case, other pari passu ranking liabilities) are partially or fully 
excluded from such application of the general bail-in tool. Further, although the BRRD provides a safeguard in 
respect of shareholders and creditors upon application of resolution tools, Article 75 of the BRRD sets out that 
such protection is limited to the incurrence by shareholders or, as appropriate, creditors, of greater losses as a 
result of the application of the relevant tool than they would have incurred in a winding up under normal 
insolvency proceedings. It is, therefore, possible not only that, in circumstances in which Notes issued under the 
Programme have been partially or fully written down/converted into equity capital instruments on an application 
of the general bail-in tool, the claims of other holders of junior or pari passu liabilities may have been excluded 
from the application of the general bail-in tool and therefore the holders of such claims may receive a treatment 
which is more favourable than that received by holders of the relevant Notes, but also that the safeguard referred 
to above does not apply to ensure equal (or better) treatment compared to the holders of such fully or partially 
excluded claims because the safeguard is not intended to address such possible unequal treatment but rather to 
ensure that shareholders or creditors do not incur greater losses in a bail-in (or other application of a resolution 
tool) than they would have received in a winding up under normal insolvency proceedings. 
Also, Article 108 of the BRRD requires that Member States modify their national insolvency regimes such that 
deposits of natural persons and micro, small and medium sized enterprises in excess of the coverage level 
contemplated by deposit guarantee schemes created pursuant to Directive 2014/49/EU have a ranking in normal 
insolvency proceedings which is higher than the ranking which applies to claims of ordinary, unsecured, non-
preferred creditors. In addition, the BRRD does not prevent Member States, including Italy, from amending 
national insolvency regimes to provide other types of creditors, with rankings in insolvency higher than ordinary, 
unsecured, non-preferred creditors. Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has amended the creditor hierarchy in the 
case of admission of Italian banks and investment firms to liquidation proceedings (and therefore the hierarchy

--- Page 23 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 17 - 
47-41043353 
 
which will apply in order to assess claims pursuant to the safeguard provided for in Article 75 of the BRRD as 
described above), by providing that, as from 1 January 2019, all deposits other than those protected by the deposit 
guarantee scheme and excess deposits of individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises benefit from priority 
over senior unsecured liabilities, though with a ranking which is lower than that provided for deposits of 
individuals and small and medium-sized enterprises exceeding the coverage limit of the deposit guarantee scheme. 
This means that, as from 1 January 2019, significant amounts of liabilities in the form of large corporate and 
interbank deposits which under the national insolvency regime in force prior to such date in Italy ranked pari 
passu with Senior Notes, rank higher than Senior Notes in normal insolvency proceedings and therefore that, on 
the application of the general bail-in tool, such creditors will be written-down/converted into equity capital 
instruments only after Senior Notes. On 28 December 2017, Directive (EU) 2017/2399, amending the BRRD as 
regards the ranking of unsecured debt instruments in insolvency hierarchy (the "BRRD Amending Directive") 
entered into force. The BRRD Amending Directive requires Member States to create a new class of the so-called 
"senior non-preferred" debt instruments which would rank just below the most senior debt and other senior 
liabilities for the purposes of liquidation, while still being part of the senior unsecured debt category (only as a 
lower tier of senior debt) and that will be eligible to meet MREL and TLAC requirements. The new creditor 
hierarchy will not have a retroactive effect and will only apply to new issuances of bank debts. In this regard, the 
Italian Law No. 205/2017, approved by the Italian Parliament on 27 December 2017, contains the implementing 
provisions pertaining to "non-preferred" senior debt instruments. 
Legislative Decree No. 181/2015 has also introduced strict limitations on the exercise of the statutory rights of 
set-off normally available under insolvency laws, in effect prohibiting set-off by any creditor in the absence of an 
express agreement to the contrary. Since each holder of Subordinated Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and the 
Senior Notes will have expressly waived any rights of set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedies 
which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any jurisdiction, it is clear that the statutory right of set-off 
available under Italian insolvency laws will likewise not apply in respect of such Notes. 
The powers set out in the BRRD will impact how credit institutions and investment firms are managed as well as, 
in certain circumstances, the rights of creditors. Holders of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes, and 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer under the Programme may be subject to write-down/conversion into 
equity capital instruments on any application of the general bail-in tool and, in the case of Tier 2 Instruments, non-
viability loss absorption, which may result in such holders losing some or all of their investment. The 
determination that all or a part of the principal amount of Notes issued the Programme will be subject to bail-in is 
likely to be inherently unpredictable and may depend on a number of factors which are outside of the Issuer's 
control. The exercise of any power under the BRRD or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially 
adversely affect the rights of Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the relevant Notes and/or the 
ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the relevant Notes. 
Risks related to changes in regulations of the banking industry and other laws and regulations that concern 
the Issuer 
As a bank, the Issuer operates in a highly regulated industry, and the laws and regulations applicable to the Issuer 
are subject to constant changes. 
More specifically, the Issuer is subject to a wide range of regulations and oversight by the Bank of Italy, by the 
ECB, and by the European System of Central Banks. These laws and regulations govern the activities that banks 
may perform and seek to preserve the stability and solidity of banks and limit their exposure to risk. The Issuer 
must also comply with laws and regulations regarding financial services, such as those that govern the marketing, 
distribution and sales of financial products and services. 
The competent supervisory authorities regulate and supervise various aspects of the Issuer's business activities, 
including (inter alia) liquidity levels and capital adequacy, the minimum requirement for own funds and eligible 
liabilities, the prevention of money laundering, terrorism financing, financial sanctions violation and data 
protection while ensuring transparency and proper conduct in relations with customers and compliance with 
records keeping and reporting obligations. 
To enable it to operate in compliance with industry laws and regulations, the Issuer has put in place specific 
internal policies and procedures. Despite the existence of these policies and procedures, the Issuer may nonetheless 
(a) inadvertently violate specific provisions of applicable laws and regulations, including those concerning money 
laundering, terrorism financing, financial sanctions violation and customer relations, or (b) fail to adapt to

--- Page 24 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 18 - 
47-41043353 
 
supervisory interpretations of laws and regulations in a timely manner, all of which could have a negative impact 
on the Issuer's business and on its financial condition, results and cash flow. 
At the date of the Base Prospectus, certain laws and regulations concerning the business sectors in which the 
Issuer operates have been amended in 2019 with adoption of the so-called reformed 'Banking Package' consisting 
of: 
- 
Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Directive IV as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, mixed 
financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital conservation 
measures (the "CRD V"); 
- 
Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Capital Requirements Regulation as regards the leverage ratio, the net stable funding ratio, requirements 
for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, market risk, exposures to central 
counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large exposures, reporting and disclosure 
requirements (the "CRR II"); 
- 
Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending the 
Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of 
credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC (the "BRRD II"); and  
- 
Regulation (EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss absorbing and recapitalisation capacity of credit 
institutions and investment firms (the "SRMR II"). 
With reference to BRRD, on 23 November 2016, the European Commission published a proposal to amend certain 
provisions of the BRRD. The proposal included an amendment to Article 108 of the BRRD aimed at further 
harmonizing the creditor hierarchy as regards the priority ranking of holders of bank senior unsecured debt in 
resolution and insolvency. A new class of so-called "senior non-preferred debt" was proposed to be added that 
would have been eligible to meet TLAC and MREL requirements, being senior to all subordinated debt, but junior 
to ordinary unsecured senior claims. These changes to Article 108 were taken out of the general revision of the 
BRRD and were separately enacted on 12 December 2017 by (EU) Directive 2017/2399, requiring Member States 
to implement them in the national legislation by 29 December 2018. 
On 26 January 2021, the European Commission launched a targeted public consultation on technical aspects of a 
new review of BRRD ("BRRD III"), the SRM Regulation ("SRM III"), and Directive 2014/49/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 on deposit guarantee schemes ("DGSD II"). This public 
consultation was open until 20 April 2021 and split into two main sections: a section covering the general 
objectives of the review, and a section seeking technical feedback on stakeholders' experience with the current 
Covid-19 crisis and framework and the need for changes in the future framework, notably regarding (i) resolution, 
liquidation and other available measures to handle banking crises, (ii) level of harmonization of creditor hierarchy 
in the EU and impact on the 'no creditor worse off' principle, and (iii) depositor insurance. Legislative proposals 
for BRRD III, SRM III and DGSD II are to be tabled during the fourth quarter of 2021. The European Commission 
launched a general public consultation on 25 February 2021, which was open until 20 May 2021. 
Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 575/2013 as regards minimum loss coverage for non-performing exposures has also been recently 
adopted and introduces a "statutory prudential backstop" to prevent the risk of under-provisioning of future NPLs. 
These recently introduced banking reforms as well as other laws and regulations that may be adopted in the future 
could adversely affect the Issuer's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. 
illimity's continuous implementation of these measures may have a considerable impact on its capital and on its 
assets and liabilities management as new regulations may restrict or limit the type or volume of transactions in 
which illimity participates. Further introduction of new regulation may require illimity to comply with new legal 
requirements and standards that are not predictable by the Issuer at this time. Moreover, such adaptation may lead 
to the Issuer incurring additional costs deriving from potential change, adaptation, or renovation of the 
characteristics of its services and products, internal and external control structures, and/or distribution mechanisms 
or facilities to comply with new potential regulations. The occurrence of these events may have a negative impact 
on illimity's business, performance and/or financial condition.

--- Page 25 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 19 - 
47-41043353 
 
Risks related to changes in laws and regulations applicable to the NPL industry segment  
Through its Distressed Credit Division, illimity is engaged in the acquisition as well as the management and 
servicing of NPLs through its in-house servicing structure. 
The NPL regulatory framework is under an ongoing evolution, started at the end of 2016, which is placing the 
financial industry players under pressure aimed at the reduction of their Non Performing Loans. 
As part of the comprehensive package of measures adopted by the European Commission in March 2018 to reduce 
NPLs in Europe, Regulation (EU) 2019/630 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 17 April 2019 was 
adopted to introduce a 'statutory prudential backstop' in order to prevent the risk of under provisioning of future 
NPLs. This regulation requires banks to have sufficient loan loss coverage (i.e. common minimum coverage levels) 
for newly originated loans if these become non-performing exposures. In case a bank does not meet the applicable 
minimum coverage level, it has to deduct the shortfall from its own funds. The measures adopted by the European 
Commission to tackle NPLs also include a proposal for a directive on credit servicers, credit purchasers and the 
recovery of collateral. 
Moreover, starting from 2020, calendar provisioning is applied to the stock of banks' NPLs, gradually bringing it 
to a run off indicatively until 2026. 
In addition, in March 2019, the EU Council adopted a directive that defines rules for how non-credit institutions 
can buy credit agreements from banks. The proposed directive removes obstacles to the transfer of NPLs from 
banks to non-credit institutions and tries to simplify the authorization requirements for credit services across the 
EU.  
Also at a country level, the Italian Government has acted to introduce two reforms that might have an impact on 
the forthcoming NPLs market. In particular: 
- 
the reform of the Italian Bankruptcy Law, published on February 2019, introduced new requirements for 
business in order to timely identify and prevent financial crisis, with a specific timeline; 
- 
the Decree for Growth (Decreto Crescita), published on April 2019, introduced new measures that could 
be easily applicable to still active borrowers (often classified as UTP), such as public guarantees on lending 
to SMEs, public aid on new financing and new securitization rules. 
These recent changes to the legislative framework and other measures that may be introduced in the future could 
affect the NPL market by altering the methods and time frames for debt recoveries and enforcement proceedings 
in Italy and introducing new operating and capital requirements. While some of these changes will likely improve 
efficiency of the NPL market, others (such as the statutory prudential backstop) may impose more stringent 
requirements on NPL operators. 
(D) 
Environmental, social and governance risks 
Risks related to the risk management Process  
The Issuer is exposed to risks related to the improper design or functioning of its Risk Management processes and 
the inadequacy of its internal control system. The Issuer has an organisational structure and has put in place 
procedures for different levels of controls to be performed by dedicated functions and personnel, in order to detect, 
monitor, control, and manage the different relevant risks (namely, credit and counterparty risk, liquidity risk, 
market risk, interest rate risk, concentration risk, operational risk, technology risk and strategic and business risks, 
climate change risks and, more generally, ESG risks) that the Issuer is exposed to in its activities. The 
methodologies utilized by the Issuer to monitor and manage risks involve the observation of historical data, the 
use of external representative data and advanced statistical models (including those developed with the application 
of artificial intelligence/machine learning techniques), and escalation procedures and corrective actions have been 
formalized that will apply if risks exceed predetermined levels set by the Issuer's Board of Directors in compliance 
with parameters defined by the Bank of Italy. See further "Description of the Issuer – Internal Control System and 
Risk Management". 
Therefore, any inadequacy of illimity's organisational structure, failure or weakness of the Risk Management 
process, inability of the system in place to identify promptly and quantify accurately the relevant risks, inaccuracy

--- Page 26 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 20 - 
47-41043353 
 
of the assumptions, historical and external data and advanced statistical models underlying internal policies, 
inadequacy of the procedures developed to manage risks, and the occurrence of certain unforeseeable events that 
are wholly or partly out of the Issuer's control resulting in (or intensifying) specific risks, could adversely affect 
illimity's performance and financial condition and its results of operations. 
Risks related to the management reporting and control system  
The Issuer has in place a well-defined system to report to management the financial performance of the different 
areas of its operations as well as control mechanisms to monitor progress and verify the objectives set forth in its 
annual budget. In particular, the Budget & Control function prepares periodic reports to senior management and 
the Board of Directors on the Issuer's financial condition and results of operations as well as - with the involvement 
of the risk control function - the position as to risks and capital/liquidity. Certain reporting procedures have been 
integrated to address the Bank of Italy's observations (see risk factor headed "Risks related to oversight by the 
Bank of Italy" above), and to better deal with specific activities of the Distressed Credit Division and the Growth 
Credit Division. The Issuer's management reporting and control system is also reliant on the proper functioning 
of its information systems, some processes of which have been migrated in 2019 from the previous outsourcer 
Consorzio Servizi Bancari to the new "Core Banking" outsourcer Sella Technology Solutions and other new ones 
that are based on the new Microsoft Cloud "ecosystem".  
There can be no assurance that the system will be capable of detecting relevant risks in all instances, or that it can 
be revised and adapted in a timely manner to adequately cover an expanded scope of illimity's activities in the 
future as envisaged in its Strategic Plan. The occurrence of any of the foregoing events could hamper management 
decisions and/or its ability to take corrective action promptly and may negatively affect the Issuer's operations.  
RISKS FACTORS RELATED TO THE NOTES 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If the Notes are traded 
after their initial issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing 
interest rates, the market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the 
Issuer. Although applications have been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and trading on its regulated 
market, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any particular Tranche of Notes will be 
so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there is no assurance as to the development 
or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche of Notes. 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Under no circumstances shall the interest payments for the 
Noteholder be less than zero. Set out below is a description of the most common features: 
Notes have limited Events of Default and remedies 
The Events of Default in respect of Notes, being events upon which the Noteholders may declare the Notes to be 
immediately due and repayable, are limited to circumstances in which the Issuer becomes subject to compulsory 
winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96 quinquies of the 
Consolidated Banking Act of the Republic of Italy (as amended from time to time) as set out in Condition 13 
(Events of Default). Accordingly, other than following the occurrence of an Event of Default, even if the Issuer 
fails to meet any of its obligations under the Notes, including the payment of any interest, the Noteholders will 
not have the right of acceleration of principal and the sole remedy available to Noteholders for recovery of 
amounts owing in respect of any of the Notes will be the institution of proceedings to enforce such payment. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer will not, by virtue of the institution of any such proceedings, be obliged 
to pay any sum or sums sooner than the same would otherwise have been payable by it. Furthermore, investors 
should consider that the terms and conditions of the Notes do not provide for negative pledge provisions.

--- Page 27 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 21 - 
47-41043353 
 
Bail-in Powers and contractual recognition of the BRRD 
Under the BRRD framework the Relevant Authorities have the power to apply "resolution" tools if the Issuer is 
failing or likely to fail, as an alternative to compulsory liquidation proceedings. Specifically, these tools are: (1) 
the sale of business assets or shares of the Issuer; (2) the establishment of a bridging organization; (3) the 
separation of the unimpaired assets of the Issuer from those which are deteriorated or impaired; and (4) a bail-in, 
through write-down/conversion into equity of regulatory capital instruments (including the Subordinated Notes) 
as well as other liabilities of the Issuer (including the Senior Notes) if the relevant conditions are satisfied and in 
accordance with the creditors' hierarchy provided under the relevant provisions of Italian law. 
Furthermore, Article 33a of BRRD II introduces a new pre-resolution moratorium tool as a temporary measure in 
an early stage and new suspension powers, which the resolution authority can use within the resolution period. 
Any suspension of activities can, as stated above, result in the partial or complete suspension of the performance 
of agreements (including any payment or delivery obligation) entered into by the respective credit institution. The 
exercise of any such power or any suggestion of such exercise could materially adversely affect the rights of the 
holders of securities issued by the Issuer, the price or value of their investment in any such security and/or the 
ability of the credit institution to satisfy its obligations under any such security. 
In particular, by its acquisition of a Note (whether on issuance or in the secondary market), each holder of the 
Notes acknowledges, accepts, agrees to be bound by and consents to the exercise of any Bail-in Power by a 
Relevant Authority that may result in the cancellation of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest 
on, the Notes and/or the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount of, or interest on, the Notes into 
equity or other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person, including by means of a variation to 
the terms of the Notes, in each case to give effect to the exercise by a Relevant Authority of such Bail-in Power. 
Each holder of the Notes acknowledges, accepts and agrees that its rights as a holder of the Notes are subject to, 
and will be varied, if necessary, so as to give effect to, the exercise of any such power by any Relevant Authority. 
The exercise of any Bail-in Power, which could result in the Notes being written down or converted into equity 
pursuant to such statutory measures, or any suggestion of such exercise could, therefore, materially adversely 
affect the rights of the Noteholders, the price or value of their investment in the Notes, the ability of the Issuer to 
satisfy its obligations under the Notes, and may have a negative impact on the market value of the Notes. Please 
refer to the risk factor "Risks related to the bail-in". 
Waiver of set-off 
In Condition 4(a) (Status - Senior Notes) with respect to Senior Notes, Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) with respect to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Condition 4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes) 
with respect to Subordinated Notes, each holder of a Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of 
set-off, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have, under the laws of any 
jurisdiction, in respect of such Note. 
Integral multiples of less than €100,000 
Subject to any minimum denomination applicable to Notes, in relation to any Notes issued in denominations 
representing the aggregate of (i) a minimum Specified Denomination of €100,000 (or €150,000 (or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
or €200,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of 
Subordinated Notes), plus (ii) integral multiples of another smaller amount, Notes may be traded in amounts which, 
although greater than €100,000 (or €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law 
from time to time) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 (or such other minimum denomination 
provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Subordinated Notes) (or its equivalent in another 
currency), are not integral multiples of €100,000 (or €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided 
by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 (or such other 
minimum denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Subordinated Notes) (or its 
equivalent in another currency). In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds a 
principal amount of less than €100,000 (or €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided by 
applicable law from time to time) in the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes or €200,000 (or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time to time) in the case of Subordinated Notes) will not receive 
a definitive Note in respect of such holding (if definitive Notes are printed) and would need to purchase a principal 
amount of Notes such that it holds an amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations.

--- Page 28 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 22 - 
47-41043353 
 
Potential conflicts of interest 
Any Calculation Agent appointed under the Programme (whether the Principal Paying Agent or otherwise) is the 
agent of the Issuer and not the agent of the Noteholders. Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the 
Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a Calculation Agent), including with 
respect to certain determinations and judgments that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the Conditions 
that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to such "benchmarks" 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR") and other indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" are the 
subject of recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these 
reforms are already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks 
to perform differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the "Benchmarks Regulation") applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, 
to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU. 
The Benchmark Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") applies to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK. The EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material impact on any 
Notes linked to EURIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing 
or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
For example, the terms and conditions of the English Law Notes and the Italian Law Notes provide for certain 
fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event occurs, including if a published benchmark, such as 
EURIBOR, and any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor service) becomes 
unavailable, or if the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or any other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) are no longer permitted lawfully to 
calculate interest on any Notes by reference to such benchmark under the Benchmarks Regulation or otherwise. 
Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a successor 
rate or an alternative rate, with or without an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as 
determined by an independent adviser. An adjustment spread, if applied could be positive or negative and would 
be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement of a benchmark. 
However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, 
such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no 
adjustment spread can be determined, a successor rate or alternative rate may nonetheless be used to determine 
the rate of interest. The use of a successor rate or alternative rate (including with the application of an adjustment 
spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark performing differently (which may 
include payment of a lower rate of interest) than they would if the benchmark were to continue to apply in its 
current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, the Issuer is unable to appoint an independent advisor or the 
Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to determine a successor rate or an alternative rate, or, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, if this provision would cause the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the ultimate fallback 
for the purposes of calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest 
for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant 
Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative rates

--- Page 29 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 23 - 
47-41043353 
 
and the involvement of an independent adviser, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate 
as intended at the relevant time. Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and 
return on any such Notes. Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or 
existence of any relevant reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the 
Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable) or could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity 
of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes or Reset Notes (as applicable). Investors should 
consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant Floating Rate Notes or 
Reset Notes (as applicable). 
It is not possible to predict with certainty whether, and to what extent, EURIBOR will continue to be supported 
going forwards. This may cause EURIBOR to perform differently than it has done in the past and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on 
certain "benchmarks": (i) discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a 
"benchmark"; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" and/or (iii) leading 
to the disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result 
of international or national reforms or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on 
the value of and return on any Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a 
"benchmark". 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential risks 
imposed by the Benchmarks Regulation or any of the international or national and the possible application of the 
benchmark replacement provisions of the Notes, investigations and licensing issues in making any investment 
decision with respect to the Notes linked to or referencing such a "benchmark". 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes concerned 
and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a similar effective 
return. 
An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their market value. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes or is perceived to be able to redeem the Notes, the market value of those Notes generally 
will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any 
redemption period. The Issuer may redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly 
lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that 
time. 
There are particular risks associated with Inflation Linked Notes. In particular, an investor might receive less 
interest than expected or no interest in respect of such Notes and may lose some or all of the principal amount 
invested by it. 
Each Issuer may issue Notes with principal and/or interest determined by reference to an index or formula or to 
changes in the prices of securities or commodities (each a "relevant factor"). In addition, each Issuer may issue 
Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies which may be different from the currency in 
which the Notes are denominated. Potential investors should be aware that: 
(i) 
the market price of such Notes may be volatile; 
(ii) 
they may receive no interest; 
(iii) 
payment of principal or interest may occur at a different time; 
(iv) 
they may lose all or a substantial portion of their principal; 
(v) 
the relevant factors may be subject to significant fluctuations that may not correlate with changes in 
interest rates, currencies or other indices; 
(vi) 
if a relevant factor is applied to the Notes in conjunction with a multiplier greater than one or contains 
any other leverage factor, the effect of changes in the relevant factor on principal or interest payable is 
likely to be magnified; and

--- Page 30 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 24 - 
47-41043353 
 
(vii) 
the timing of changes in a relevant factor may affect the actual yield to investors, even if the average 
level is consistent with their expectations. 
The historical experience of an index or other relevant factor should not be viewed as an indication of the future 
performance of such relevant factor during the term of any Notes. Accordingly, each potential investor should 
consult its own financial and legal advisers about the risk entailed by an investment in any Notes linked to a 
relevant factor and the suitability of such Notes in light of its particular circumstances. 
If the Issuer has the right to convert the interest rate on any Notes from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice 
versa, this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. That Issuer's ability to convert the interest rate will affect the 
secondary market and the market value of the Notes since that Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it 
is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If that Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, 
the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable 
Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower 
than the rates on other Notes. If that Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
To the extent that Multiplier or Reference Rate Multiplier applies in respect of the determination of the Interest 
Rate for the Floating Rate Notes, investors should be aware that any fluctuation of the underlying floating rate 
will be amplified by such multiplier. Where the Multiplier is less than 1, this may adversely affect the return on 
the Floating Rate Notes. 
The interest rate on Reset Notes will reset on each Reset Date, which can be expected to affect the interest payment 
on an investment in Reset Notes and could affect the market value of the Reset Notes 
Reset Notes will initially bear interest at the Initial Rate of Interest from and including the Interest Commencement 
Date up to but excluding the First Reset Date. On the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date (if applicable) and 
each Subsequent Reset Date (if any) thereafter, the interest rate will be reset to the sum of the applicable Mid-
Swap Rate and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable) as determined by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Reset Determination Date (each such interest rate, a "Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest"). The 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for any Reset Period could be less than the Initial Rate of Interest or the 
Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest for prior Reset Periods and could affect the market value of an investment in 
the Reset Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount or premium from their principal amount tend to 
fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for conventional interest-bearing 
securities. Generally, the longer the remaining term of the securities, the greater the price volatility as compared 
to conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable maturities. 
Risks relating to Senior Notes 
Senior Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes of such Series at 
the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding interest. Senior 
Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer provided that, except to the extent that the Relevant Authority does 
not so require at the time of the proposed redemption, the Issuer has given such notice to the Relevant Authority 
as the Relevant Authority may then require prior to such redemption and no objection thereto has been raised by 
the Relevant Authority or, if required, the Relevant Authority has provided its consent thereto and any other 
requirements of the Relevant Authority applicable, if any, to such redemption at the time have been complied with 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 31 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 25 - 
47-41043353 
 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Notes are or will be 
excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
If the Senior Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able to reinvest the 
amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their investment in the 
Senior Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions or 
restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at the relevant 
time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such 
Senior Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Notes is subject to 
the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior 
Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher quality at terms 
that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin 
that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Senior Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without the Noteholder consent 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Notes and/or in 
order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes with respect to Senior Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from the Relevant Authority (without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes of that Series), at any time (i) in the case of English 
Law Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Notes 
or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Senior Notes, so that they remain or, as appropriate, 
become, Qualifying Senior Notes (as defined below), provided that such variation or substitution (as applicable) 
does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less favourable to the 
Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Senior Notes. However, no 
assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular Noteholder. 
However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) 
of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of 
the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes with respect to Senior Notes, the Qualifying Senior Notes may 
have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes, including but not limited to a change in 
governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, there may be material tax

--- Page 32 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 26 - 
47-41043353 
 
consequences for holders of Senior Notes as a result of such substitution or modification, and holders should 
consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks relating to Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
Italian law applicable to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes was recently enacted 
On 1 January 2018, the Italian law No. 205 of 27 December 2017 (the "2018 Budget Law") came into force 
introducing certain amendments to the Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Consolidated 
Banking Act"), including the possibility for banks and companies belonging to banking groups to issue senior 
non-preferred securities (the so-called "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello"). 
In particular, the 2018 Budget Law set forth certain requirements for notes to qualify as senior non-preferred 
securities: 
(i) 
the original maturity period is at least equal to twelve months; 
(ii) 
are not derivative securities or linked to derivative securities, nor include any feature of such derivative 
securities; 
(iii) 
the minimum denomination is at least equal to €150,000 (or such other minimum denomination provided 
by applicable law from time to time); and 
(iv) 
the prospectus and the agreements regulating the issuance of senior non-preferred securities expressly 
provide that payment of interests and reimbursement of principal due in respect thereof are subject to the 
provisions set forth in of Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act. 
According to Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, in case an issuer of senior 
non-preferred securities is subject to compulsory liquidation (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) or voluntary 
liquidation (liquidazione volontaria), the relevant payment obligations in respect thereof will rank in right of 
payment (A) after unsubordinated creditors (including depositors), (B) at least pari passu with all other present 
and future unsubordinated and non-preferred obligations which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to 
rank junior or senior to such senior non-preferred securities and (C) in priority to any present or future claims 
ranking junior to such senior non-preferred securities and the claims of the shareholders. 
Furthermore, Article 12-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act also provides that: 
(i) 
the provisions set forth in Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act shall 
apply to such senior non-preferred securities only to the extent that the requirements described in 
paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above have been complied with; any contractual provision which does not 
comply with any of the above requirements is invalid but such invalidity does not imply the invalidity of 
the entire agreement; 
(ii) 
the senior non-preferred securities, once issued, may not be amended in a manner that the requirements 
described in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iv) above are not complied with and that any different contractual 
provision is null and void; and 
(iii) 
the Bank of Italy may enact further regulation providing for additional requirements in respect of the 
issuance and the characteristics of senior non-preferred securities. 
Any prospective investor in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes should be aware that the provisions of Articles 12-
bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act was recently enacted and that, as of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, no interpretation of the application of such provisions has been issued by any Italian court 
or governmental or regulatory authority and no regulation has been issued by the Bank of Italy in respect thereof. 
Consequently, it is possible that any regulation or official interpretation relating to the above will be issued in the 
future by the Bank of Italy or any different authority, the impact of which cannot be predicted by the Issuer as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
The Senior Non-Preferred Notes are senior non-preferred obligations and are junior to certain obligations

--- Page 33 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 27 - 
47-41043353 
 
In order to be eligible to meet the requirements and conditions of Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis 
of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for such 
purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions), Senior Non-Preferred Notes will rank junior to Senior Notes and 
any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer which rank, or are expressed to rank by their 
terms, senior to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. As a result, the default risk on the Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will be higher than the risk associated with preferred senior debt (such as Senior Notes) and other senior liabilities 
(such as wholesale deposits). 
Although Senior Non-Preferred Notes may pay a higher rate of interest than comparable Senior Notes which are 
not issued on a senior non-preferred basis, there is a greater risk that an investor in Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
will lose all or some of its investment should the Issuer become insolvent. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes are new types of instruments 
Market participants, including credit rating agencies, are in the initial stages of evaluating the risks associated 
with senior non-preferred obligations. The credit ratings assigned to senior non-preferred securities such as the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may change as the rating agencies refine their approaches, and the value of such 
securities may be particularly volatile as the market becomes more familiar with them. It is possible that, over 
time, the credit ratings and value of senior non-preferred securities such as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will 
be lower than those expected by investors at the time of issuance of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If so, 
investors may incur losses in respect of their investments in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Qualification of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as "strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo livello" 
The intention of the Issuer is for Senior Non-Preferred Notes to qualify on issue as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions). Current regulatory practice by the Bank of Italy (acting as lead 
regulator) does not require (or customarily provide) a confirmation prior to the issuance of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes will comply with such provisions. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify as "strumenti di debito 
chirografario di secondo livello" as defined under, and for the purposes of, Articles 12-bis and 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and also qualify as eligible liabilities available to meet the MREL 
Requirements (as defined in the Conditions) there can be no representation that this is or will remain the case 
during the life of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes could be subject to redemption following a MREL Disqualification Event 
If so specified in the Final Terms, if at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in 
relation to any Series of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the Issuer may redeem all, but not some only, the Notes of 
such Series at the Early Redemption Amount set out in the applicable Final Terms, together with any outstanding 
interest. Senior Non-Preferred Notes may only be redeemed by the Issuer provided that, except to the extent that 
the Relevant Authority does not so require at the time of the proposed redemption, the Issuer has given such notice 
to the Relevant Authority as the Relevant Authority may then require prior to such redemption and no objection 
thereto has been raised by the Relevant Authority or, if required, the Relevant Authority has provided its consent 
thereto and any other requirements of the Relevant Authority applicable, if any, to such redemption at the time 
have been complied with by the Issuer. 
A MREL Disqualification Event shall be deemed to have occurred if, by reason of the introduction of, or a change 
in, the MREL Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of such Series of Senior Non-
Preferred Notes are or will be excluded fully or partially from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements.

--- Page 34 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 28 - 
47-41043353 
 
If the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are to be so redeemed, there can be no assurance that Noteholders will be able 
to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide the same rate of return as their 
investment in the Senior Non-Preferred Notes. 
Early redemption and purchase of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be restricted 
Any early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject to compliance by the Issuer with any 
conditions or restrictions to such redemption or repurchase prescribed by the applicable laws and regulations at 
the relevant time, including any requirements applicable to such redemption or repurchase due to the qualification 
of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as liabilities eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. 
In addition, pursuant to the EU Banking Reform, the early redemption or purchase of Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
is subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. 
The EU Banking Reform states that the Relevant Authority would approve an early redemption of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes in accordance with Article 78a of the CRR in the event either of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or higher 
quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and Eligible 
Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the requirements 
for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin 
that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure compliance 
with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations for continuing 
authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations. 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without the Noteholder consent 
If at any time a MREL Disqualification Event occurs and is continuing in relation to any Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in 
Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in 
Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice 
required to be given to, and receiving consent from the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the 
consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series), at any time (i) in the case of 
English Law Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms 
of such Senior Notes or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as defined below), 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
or substituted securities. 
Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes are securities issued by the Issuer that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Senior Non-
Preferred Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect 
any particular Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 
(Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Qualifying Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
including but not limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. 
Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of Senior Non-Preferred Notes as a result of 
such substitution or modification, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential 
consequences.

--- Page 35 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 29 - 
47-41043353 
 
Risks related to the Subordinated Notes 
Subordinated Notes are subordinated obligations 
If the Issuer is declared insolvent and a winding up is initiated or in the event that the Issuer becomes subject to 
an order for Liquidazione Coatta Amministrativa, as defined in the Consolidated Banking Act, it will be required 
to pay the holders of senior debt and meet its obligations to all its other creditors (including unsecured creditors) 
in full before it can make any payments on Subordinated Notes. If this occurs, the Issuer may not have enough 
assets remaining after these payments to pay amounts due under such Notes. 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 193 of 8 November 2021 implementing Directive 879/2019/EU ("BRRD II") in 
Italy and published on 30 November 2021 in the Gazzetta Ufficiale has transposed in the Italian legislation Article 
48(7) of BRRD II under Article 91, paragraph 1-bis, letter c-ter of the Consolidated Banking Law. Such provisions 
state that (i) if an instrument is only partly recognised as an own funds item, the whole instrument shall be treated 
in insolvency as a claim resulting from an own funds item and shall rank lower than any claim that does not result 
from an own funds item and (ii) if an instrument is fully disqualified as own funds item, it would cease to be 
treated as a claim resulting from an own funds item in insolvency and, consequently, would improve their ranking 
with respect to any claim that results from an own funds item (such as the Subordinated Notes). 
In light of this new provision, if the Subordinated Notes were to be disqualified in full as own funds items in the 
future: (a) their ranking would improve vis-à-vis the rest of the Subordinated Notes; and (b) in the event of a 
liquidation or bankruptcy of the Issuer, the Issuer would, inter alia, be required to pay the holders of the Notes 
and any other subordinated creditors of the Issuer, whose claims arise from liabilities that are no longer fully 
recognised as an own funds instrument, in full before it can make any payments on any other Subordinated Notes 
which are still recognised (at least in part) as own funds instruments. 
For a full description of the provisions relating to Subordinated Notes, see Condition 4(c) (Status – Subordinated 
Notes). 
Regulatory classification of the Notes 
The intention of the Issuer is for Subordinated Notes to qualify on issue as "Tier 2 Capital", for regulatory capital 
purposes. 
Although it is Issuer's expectation that the Notes qualify as "Tier 2 Capital", there can be no representation that 
this is or will remain the case during the life of the Notes or that the Notes will be grandfathered under the 
implementation of future EU capital requirement regulations. If the Notes are not grandfathered, or for any other 
reason cease to qualify, as "Tier 2 Capital", the Issuer will (if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) have the 
right to redeem the Notes in accordance with Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)), subject to the prior approval of the Relevant Authority. There can be no assurance 
that holders of such Notes will be able to reinvest the amounts received upon redemption at a rate that will provide 
the same rate of return as their investments in the relevant Notes, as the case may be, see "Early Redemption of 
the Subordinated Notes". 
In addition, if at any time a Regulatory Event or a Tax Event with regard to Subordinated Notes occurs or in order 
to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes then the Issuer may, in accordance with Condition 17(c) at any time either 
substitute all (but not some only) of such Notes, or vary the terms of such Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become Qualifying Subordinated Securities, as applicable, provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. 
However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to loss absorption on any application of the general bail-in-tool or at the point 
of non-viability of the Issuer 
Investors should be aware that, in addition to the general bail-in tool, the BRRD contemplates that Subordinated 
Notes may be subject to a write-down or conversion into common shares at the point of non-viability. The BRRD 
is intended to enable a range of actions to be taken in relation to credit institutions and investment firms considered

--- Page 36 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 30 - 
47-41043353 
 
to be at risk of failing. The implementation of the BRRD or the taking of any action under it could materially 
affect the value of any Subordinated Notes. Additionally, there may be material tax consequences for holders of 
Subordinated Notes as a result of such write-down or conversion, and holders should consult their own tax 
advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Early redemption of the Subordinated Notes may be restricted 
The rules under the CRR prescribe certain conditions for the granting of permission by the Relevant Authority to 
a request by the Issuer to redeem or repurchase the Subordinated Notes. In this respect, the CRR provides that the 
Relevant Authority shall grant permission to a redemption or repurchase of the Subordinated Notes in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR provided that either of the following conditions is met, as applicable to the Notes: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces the Notes 
with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income 
capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds would, 
following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the capital requirements laid down in 
the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary. 
In addition, the rules under the CRR provide that the Relevant Authority may only permit the Issuer to redeem 
the Subordinated Notes before five years after the Issue Date of the Notes if and to the extent required under 
Article 78(4) of the CRR or the related implementing regulations, policies and guidelines: 
(i) 
the conditions listed in paragraphs (i) or (ii) above are met; and 
(ii) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), the Issuer has 
demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the applicable tax treatment 
of the Notes is material and was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iii) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons), the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the 
regulatory classification of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(iv) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces the Notes with 
Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity 
and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action on the basis of the determination that it would be 
beneficial from a prudential point of view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(v) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations 
Subordinated Notes may be subject to substitution and modification without Noteholder consent 
If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English 
Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes, then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving consent from the Relevant 
Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of Subordinated Notes of that 
Series), (i) in the case of English Law Notes, either substitute all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, 
or vary the terms of such Senior Notes or (ii) in the case of Italian Law Notes, vary the terms of such Subordinated 
Notes, so that they become or remain Qualifying Subordinated Securities provided that such variation or 
substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities. The 
Relevant Authority has discretion as to whether or not it will approve any substitution or variation of the 
Subordinated Notes. Any such substitution or variation which is considered by the Relevant Authority to be 
material shall be treated by it as the issuance of a new instrument. Therefore, the Subordinated Notes, as so 
substituted or varied, must be eligible as Tier 2 Capital in accordance with then prevailing Applicable Banking 
Regulations, which may include a requirement that (save in certain prescribed circumstances) the Subordinated

--- Page 37 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 31 - 
47-41043353 
 
Notes may not be redeemed or repurchased prior to five years after the effective date of such substitution or 
variation. 
Qualifying Subordinated Securities are securities issued directly by the Issuer that have terms not materially less 
favourable to the Noteholders, as reasonably determined by the Issuer, than the terms of the relevant Subordinated 
Notes. However, no assurance can be given as to whether any of these changes will negatively affect any particular 
Noteholder. However, in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of 
Bail-in Power) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes, the Qualifying Subordinated Securities (as 
defined below) may have terms materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, including but 
not limited to a change in governing law and/or to the jurisdiction and service of process provisions. Additionally, 
there may be material tax consequences for holders of Subordinated Notes as a result of such substitution or 
modification, and holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding such potential consequences. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
Delisting of the Notes 
Application has been made for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and Notes issued under the Programme may also be admitted to trading, listing and/or quotation by any other 
listing authority, stock exchange or quotation system (each, a "listing"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Such Notes may subsequently be delisted despite the best efforts of the Issuer to maintain such listing and, 
although no assurance is made as to the liquidity of the Notes as a result of listing, any delisting of the Notes may 
have a material effect on a Noteholder's ability to resell the Notes on the secondary market. 
Modification, waivers and substitution 
The Agency Agreement and the Terms and Conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters affecting their interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to 
bind all Noteholders including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. The conditions of the Notes also provide that the parties to the 
Agency Agreement may, without the consent of Noteholders, agree to any modification of a formal, minor or 
technical nature, or that is made to correct a manifest error or that is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 17 (Meetings of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver). 
Change of law 
The conditions of the English Law Notes are governed by English law in effect as of the date of this Base 
Prospectus, except for the status provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of bail-in 
powers provisions, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with such provisions, which 
shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, Italian law. The conditions of the Italian Law Notes are 
governed by Italian law in effect as of the date of this Base Prospectus. No assurance can be given as to the impact 
of any possible judicial decision or change to applicable law or administrative practice after the date of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Risk relating to the governing law of the Italian Law Notes 
The Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes are governed by Italian law and Condition 22 (Governing 
Law and Jurisdiction) of the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes provides that contractual and non-
contractual obligations arising out or in connection with them are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Italian Law. The Global Notes representing the Italian Law Notes provide that all contractual 
and non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Global Notes representing the Italian Law 
Notes are governed by Italian law, save for the form and transferability of the Global Notes which are governed 
by English law. Furthermore, Temporary Global Notes or the Permanent Global Notes, whether issued in CGN 
or NGN form, as the case may be, representing the Italian Law Notes are signed by the Issuer in the United 
Kingdom and, thereafter, delivered to BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch as initial Fiscal Agent, being the

--- Page 38 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 32 - 
47-41043353 
 
entity in charge for, inter alia, completing, authenticating and delivering the Temporary Global Notes and 
Permanent Global Notes and (if required) authenticating and delivering Definitive Notes, hence the Italian Law 
Notes would be deemed to be issued in England according to Italian law. Article 59 of Law No. 218 of 31 May 
1995 (regarding the Italian international private law rules) provides that "other debt securities (titoli di credito) 
are governed by the law of the State in which the security was issued". 
In light of the above, the Issuer cannot foresee the effect of any potential misalignment between the laws applicable 
to the Terms and Conditions for the Italian Law Notes and the Global Notes and the laws applicable to their 
transfer and circulation for any prospective investors in the Italian Law Notes and any disputes which may arise 
in relation to, inter alia, the transfer of ownership in the Italian Law Notes. 
Because the Global Notes are held by or on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, investors who 
hold Notes through interests in the Global Notes will have to rely on their procedures for transfer, payment and 
communication with the Issuer 
Notes issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Notes. Such Global Notes will be 
deposited with a common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be, for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Except in the circumstances described in the relevant Global Note, investors will not be entitled to 
receive definitive Notes. Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests 
in the Global Notes. While the Notes are represented by one or more Global Notes, investors will be able to trade 
their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. While the Notes are represented 
by one or more Global Notes the Issuer will discharge its payment obligations under the Notes once the paying 
agent has paid Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their account holders. A holder of a 
beneficial interest in a Global Note must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to 
receive payments under the relevant Notes. The Issuer has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, 
or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Notes. Holders of beneficial interests in the 
Global Notes will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the relevant Notes. Instead, such holders will be 
permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint 
appropriate proxies. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a brief description of the principal market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, 
interest rate risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market does develop, 
it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. In addition, Notes issued under the Programme might not be listed on a stock exchange or regulated 
market and, in these circumstances, pricing information may be more difficult to obtain and the liquidity and 
market prices of such Notes may be adversely affected. In an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell 
his Notes at any time at fair market prices. The possibility to sell the Notes might additionally be restricted by 
country specific reasons. In addition, liquidity may be limited if the Issuer makes large allocations to a limited 
number of investors. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or 
currency unit (the "Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of 
the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the Specified 
Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) the Investor's

--- Page 39 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 33 - 
47-41043353 
 
Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-equivalent market 
value of the Notes. Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange 
controls that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or 
principal than expected, or no interest or principal. 
Interest rate risks 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that subsequent changes in market interest rates may adversely 
affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings may not reflect all risks 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect 
the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and 
may be revised or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended), subject to transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances whilst the registration application is pending. Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the relevant 
credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating agency is 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may 
be, has not been withdrawn or suspended). Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and 
ratings will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether 
and to what extent (1) Notes are legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisors or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 40 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 34 - 
47-41043353 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Notes, the Terms and Conditions of the Notes of such Tranche and the relevant Final Terms. 
This description constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Notes" and "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" below shall have 
the same meanings in this description. 
Issuer: 
illimity Bank S.p.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas and Goldman Sachs International 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the Dealer 
Agreement 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which comply 
with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements from time to time. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
Fiscal Agent and Paying Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
Programme Size: 
€3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described in the Dealer Agreement) outstanding at any time. The Issuer 
may increase the amount of the Programme in accordance with the terms 
of the Dealer Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement and in 
each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Euro and, subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Issuer or 
the relevant Specified Currency. 
 
In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, pursuant to Article 12-bis, 
paragraph 1, letter a), of the Italian Banking Act, the Maturity Date shall 
not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, unless otherwise permitted by current 
laws, regulations, directives and/or the requirements of the Relevant 
Authority (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) applicable to the 
issue of Subordinated Notes by the Issuer, Subordinated Notes must 
have a minimum maturity of five years (or, if issued for an indefinite

--- Page 41 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 35 - 
47-41043353 
 
duration, redemption of such Notes may only occur five years after their 
date of issue). 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds of the 
issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 
19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the "FSMA") unless 
they are issued to a limited class of professional investors and have a 
denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see "Subscription 
and Sale – United Kingdom" below. 
Final Terms or Drawdown 
Prospectus: 
Notes issued under the Programme may be issued either (1) pursuant to 
this Base Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms or (2) pursuant to a 
drawdown prospectus (each a "Drawdown Prospectus") prepared in 
connection with a particular Tranche of Notes. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of the relevant Final Terms, 
those relevant Final Terms will, for the purposes of that Tranche only, 
complete the Conditions and this Base Prospectus and must be read in 
conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and conditions 
applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of 
such relevant Final Terms are the Conditions as completed by such Final 
Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus will be the Conditions 
as supplemented, amended and/ or replaced to the extent described in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes 
which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this 
Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such 
information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at any price, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) 
at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Issuance in Series: 
Notes will be issued in series (each, a "Series"). Each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches ("Tranches" and, each, a "Tranche") 
issued on different issue dates. The Notes of each Series will be subject 
to identical terms, except that the issue date and the amount of the first 
payment of interest may be different in respect of different Tranches. 
The Notes of each Tranche will be subject to identical terms in all 
respects save that a Tranche may comprise Notes of different 
denominations. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be in bearer form and will on issue be represented by 
either a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent Global Note as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Temporary Global Notes will be 
exchangeable for either (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note or (ii) 
definitive Notes, as indicated in the relevant Final Terms. Permanent 
Global Notes will be exchangeable for definitive Notes upon either (i) 
not less than 60 days' written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in 
such Permanent Global Note) to the Fiscal Agent as described therein

--- Page 42 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 36 - 
47-41043353 
 
or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event as described 
under "Form of the Notes" below. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest-bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) 
may accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate or a variable rate or be 
index-linked and the method of calculating interest may vary between 
the issue date and the maturity date of the relevant Series. Reset Notes 
will, in respect of an initial period, bear interest at the initial fixed rate 
of interest specified in the relevant Final Terms. Thereafter, the fixed 
rate of interest will be reset on one or more date(s) specified in the 
relevant Final Terms by reference to a mid-market swap rate, as adjusted 
for any applicable margin, in each case, as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Other provisions in relation to 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a minimum 
interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, as 
agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will be 
payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated on the 
basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer. 
Benchmark replacement: 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) provides for certain fallback 
arrangements in the event that a Benchmark Event (as described in the 
Conditions) occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at any time 
when the Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) to be determined by reference to such 
Original Reference Rate. In such event, the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent 
Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor 
Rate, failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate and, in either case, 
an Adjustment Spread, if any, as well as any Benchmark Amendments. 
See Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) for further information. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed at par or at such other Redemption Amount 
(detailed in a formula, index or otherwise) as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Notes may also be redeemable in two or more 
instalments on such dates and in such manner as may be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms 
The redemption of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall 
be subject to compliance by the Issuer with any conditions to such 
redemption or repurchase prescribed by (i) the MREL Requirements at 
the relevant time (including any requirements applicable to such 
redemption or repurchase due to the qualification of such Senior Notes 
or Senior Non-Preferred Notes at such time as eligible liabilities 
available to meet the MREL Requirements) and (ii) in case of Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes only, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-bis, 
letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act, and any relevant 
implementing regulation which may be enacted for such purposes by 
any Relevant Authority at the relevant time. 
 
Under CRR, the early redemption of the Subordinated Notes is subject 
to the prior written approval of the Relevant Authority. The Relevant 
Authority would approve an early redemption of the Subordinated Notes 
if either of the following conditions are met: (i) on or before such early

--- Page 43 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 37 - 
47-41043353 
 
redemption of the Subordinated Notes, the Issuer replaces the 
Subordinated Notes with own funds instruments of an equal or higher 
quality on terms that are sustainable for the income capacity of the 
Issuer; or (ii) the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the 
Relevant Authority that its own funds would, following such 
redemption, exceed the own funds requirements and combined buffer 
requirements under CRD IV by a margin that the Relevant Authority 
may consider necessary on the basis set out in CRD IV. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Maturities" 
above. 
Redemption for Indexation 
Reasons: 
Inflation linked interest notes may be redeemed before their stated 
maturity at the option of the Issuer, if the Calculation Agent determines 
that there is no appropriate alternative index in relation to Inflation 
Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders, the Issuer shall redeem 
or cancel, as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked 
Notes, each Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, as 
applicable by payment of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. 
Payments will be made in such manner as shall be notified to the 
Noteholders. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior consent 
of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the 
circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Optional Redemption: 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Noteholders or, as the case may be, the Issuer (either in whole or in part) 
to the extent (if at all) specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such 
redemption shall be subject to the prior consent of the Relevant 
Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the circumstances described 
in "Redemption" above. 
Clean-up Redemption Option: 
Notes may be redeemed, in whole but not in part and to the extent (if at 
all) specified in the relevant Final Terms, if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the 
avoidance of doubt includes, any additional Notes issued subsequently 
and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular Series 
of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the 
Issuer and cancelled. Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority. 
Regulatory Call: 
If specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, Subordinated 
Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the option of the 
Issuer if any change in Italian Law or Applicable Banking Regulations 
or any change in the official application or interpretation thereof, such 
Subordinated Notes are excluded in whole or, to the extent permitted by 
the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part from regulatory treatment 
as Tier 2 Capital. Such optional redemption may only be at the option 
of the Issuer and is subject to any necessary prior consent thereto having 
been obtained from the Relevant Authority. 
MREL Disqualification Event: 
If the applicable Final Terms specify that the Issuer Call due to MREL 
Disqualification Event applies, Senior Notes or the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes may be redeemed before their stated maturity at the 
option of the Issuer if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Any such 
redemption shall be subject to the circumstances described in 
"Redemption" above.

--- Page 44 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 38 - 
47-41043353 
 
Tax Redemption: 
Except as described in "Optional Redemption" and "Regulatory Call" 
above, early redemption will only be permitted for tax reasons as 
described in Condition 10(b) (Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons). Any such redemption shall be subject to the prior 
consent of the Relevant Authority and, in the case of any Notes, to the 
circumstances described in "Redemption" above. 
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum denomination 
of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from 
time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any 
laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading 
on a regulated market within the European Economic Area or offered to 
the public in a member state of the European Economic Area in 
circumstances which would otherwise require the publication of a 
prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such currency). 
 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least 
€150,000 or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable 
law from time to time (or, where the Senior Non-Preferred Notes are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent 
amount in such other Specified Currency). 
Subordinated Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or 
such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time (or, where the Subordinated Notes are denominated in a 
Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes by the Issuer, 
in case of payments under the Notes will be made free and clear of 
deduction or withholding taxes in the jurisdiction of incorporation of the 
Issuer, unless the withholding or deduction is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer will (subject as provided in Condition 12 (Taxation)) 
pay such additional amounts as will result in the Noteholders receiving 
such amounts as they would have received in respect of such Notes had 
no such withholding been required. 
 
However, as more fully set out in Condition 12 (Taxation), the Issuer 
shall not be liable in certain circumstances to pay any additional 
amounts to holders of the Notes with respect to any payment, 
withholding or deduction pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 
of 1 April 1996 on account of substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva, as 
defined therein) in relation to interest payable in respect of any Notes. 
 
In addition, Notes are subject to a withholding tax at the rate of 26 per 
cent. per annum in respect of interest and premium (if any) on Notes that 
qualify as of typical securities (pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 
September 1983, as amended and supplemented from time to time). The 
Issuer will not be liable to pay any additional amounts to Noteholders in 
relation to any such withholding, as more fully specified in Condition 
12 (Taxation). 
Negative Pledge: 
None

--- Page 45 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 39 - 
47-41043353 
 
Status of Notes: 
Notes may be issued either on a senior basis ("Senior Notes") or on a 
senior non-preferred basis ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes") or on a 
subordinated basis ("Subordinated Notes") as described herein. 
 
The status of the Senior Notes is described in Condition 4(a) 
(Status - Senior Notes). 
 
Notes may be issued as Senior Non-Preferred Notes as described in 
Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
 
Notes may be issued as Subordinated Notes as described in Condition 
4(c) (Status - Subordinated Notes). 
Terms and Conditions: 
Final Terms will be prepared in respect of each Tranche of Notes to be 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange. A copy of such Final Terms will be filed with the CSSF and 
delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange on or before the date of 
issue of such Notes. The terms and conditions applicable to the Notes of 
each Tranche will be those set out herein under Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes as completed and/or modified by the relevant Final Terms. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain risks related to the holding of any Notes issued under 
the Programme which investors should ensure they fully understand. 
The principal risk factors that may affect the ability of the Issuer to fulfil 
its obligations under the Notes are discussed under "Risk Factors" 
above. 
Rating: 
The rating (if any) of the Notes to be issued under the Programme will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
 
Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to the relevant 
Series of Notes will be (1) issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or (2) issued by a 
credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as it 
forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency which is established in the European Union and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (3) issued by a credit rating 
agency which is not established in the European Union but which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided 
by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors are 
restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is 
not issued by a credit rating agency established in the United Kingdom 
and registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) the rating is 
provided by a credit rating agency not established in the United 
Kingdom but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
United Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
United Kingdom which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. The

--- Page 46 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 40 - 
47-41043353 
 
European Securities and Markets Authority ("ESMA") is obliged to 
maintain on its website a list of credit rating agencies registered and 
certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation, which may be found 
on 
the 
following 
page: 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk. 
Approval, Listing and Admission 
to Trading: 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application 
has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued 
under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on other 
or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes which are neither listed 
nor admitted to trading on any market may also be issued. 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) 
payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and any other terms 
and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each 
Tranche of Notes will be set out in the Final Terms which, with respect 
to Notes to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, 
will be delivered to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The relevant Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Notes 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchanges and/or markets. 
Clearing Systems: 
Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or, in relation to any Notes, 
any other clearing system as may be specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Modification or Substitution of 
Subordinated Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Subordinated 
Notes, (i) in the case of the English Law Notes, either substitute new 
notes for the Subordinated Notes whereby such new notes shall replace 
the Subordinated Notes, or vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as 
fully specified in Condition 17(c) or (ii) in the case of the Italian Law 
Notes, vary the terms of the Subordinated Notes, as fully specified in 
Condition 17(c). 
Modification or Substitution of 
Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: 
The Issuer may, without the consent of the holders of Senior Notes or 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (i) in the case of the English Law Notes, 
either substitute new notes for the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes whereby such new notes shall replace the Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of the Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, as fully specified in Condition 17(d) (Meeting of 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) or (ii) in the case of the Italian 
Law Notes, vary the terms of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes, as fully specified in Condition 17(d) (Meeting of Noteholders; 
Modification and Waiver). 
Governing Law of the English 
Law Notes: 
The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the 
Notes and the Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with each of the foregoing, are governed by, and 
shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the status 
provisions applicable to the Notes and the contractual recognition of 
bail-in powers provisions, and any non-contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with such provisions, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Italian law.

--- Page 47 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 41 - 
47-41043353 
 
Governing Law of the Italian 
Law Notes: 
The Notes and the Coupons and any non contractual obligations arising 
out of or in connection with the Italian Law Notes and the Coupons, will 
be governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes in the 
United States, the United Kingdom, the European Economic Area 
(including the Republic of Italy and France) and Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale 
of a particular Tranche of Notes. See "Subscription and Sale" below. 
United States Selling 
Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C or D, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with 
effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from 
such date, should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom.

--- Page 48 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 42 - 
47-41043353 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published or are published simultaneously with this Base 
Prospectus and have been filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base 
Prospectus:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://downloads.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/rn4Or0zl0tzCD4JXXiU3x/501cfc5570a6f319c0832fe46c
dbc2a3/illimity_Annual_Report_2020.pdf;  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://downloads.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/2i8aiJLwSFMTWcdKBQYlYz/d04a26bff08c8033512c68
a50a827da7/Bilancio_illimity_2021_ENG.pdf; 
(c) 
the consolidated Interim Financial Statement of illimity as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors' review 
report (the "illimity 1H Interim Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/6yCrQGcOoWymOc8dwg1bEk/84b79316bdee9ed4c23590592
cd1e737/Semestrale_2022_ENG.pdf; 
(d) 
the consolidated Interim Financial Statement of illimity as of and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (the "illimity 3Q Interim Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/148JO9lJrzUkryZ9JaWtDt/3f157f0e1a3082f7646664658767bf
d7/trimestrale_illimity_2022_ENG.pdf; 
(e) 
the press release issued on 11 November 2022 on the results of illimity as of and for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2022 (the "11 November 2022 Press Release"), which can be found on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/7x9UUPnhXeI9EqAxquNzQB/6d303ecbb243cc2a3990a38631
c50a50/illimity_3Q22_9M22_Results.pdf; 
(f) 
the Issuer investor presentation entitled "Company Presentation" dated November 2022 (the "Investor 
Presentation") 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/4kaZa0NQ0aMl6NKI1BbXTQ/9111710324d83f1d76ff6fadf7
606e9d/illimity_Company_Presentation_November_2022.pdf; 
(g) 
the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for information purposes and in force from 20 September 
2022), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/1mcKbKkj6t3ACpnLbxpmCE/dd646a09d6917eb324d33dd18
d36da43/2022_09_20_By-laws_illimity_update_Special_share_clean.pdf, 
with an English translation thereof and, in the case of the documents listed under paragraphs (a), (b), (c), (d) and 
(f) above, together with the audit and review reports prepared in connection therewith. Any statement contained 
in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference herein (including without limitation 
the documents listed under paragraphs (a) to (f) above) shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained in any document which is subsequently 
incorporated by reference herein by way of a supplement prepared in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 49 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 43 - 
47-41043353 
 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained from the registered office 
of the Issuer and from the principal office in Luxembourg of BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch (the 
"Luxembourg Listing Agent") for the time being in Luxembourg and will also be published on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) and the Issuer's website (https://illimity.com/en). 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information 
included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Cross Reference List 
The tables below set out the relevant page references for the notes (i) in respect of the consolidated Interim 
Financial Statements of illimity (including limited review report) as of and for the period ended 30 September 
2022; (ii) in respect of the consolidated Interim Financial Statements of illimity (including limited review report) 
as of and for the period ended 30 June 2022; (iii) for the audited annual consolidated financial statements of 
illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021; and (iv) for the audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020. 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
illimity audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2020 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements: 
 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2020 
90-91 
 
Consolidated income statement as at 31 December 
2020 
92 
 
Statement of consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income as at 31 December 2020 
93 
 
Statements of changes in consolidated equity as of 31 
December 2020 
94-95 
 
Consolidated statement of cash flows as at 31 
December 2020 
96-97 
 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
99-272 
 
Independent auditors' report 
279-287 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
illimity audited consolidated financial 
statements as of and for the financial 
year ended 31 December 2021 
Audited consolidated annual financial statements: 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 31 
December 2021 
100-101 
Consolidated income statement as at 31 December 
2021 
102 
Statement of consolidated statement of comprehensive 
income as at 31 December 2021 
103 
Statements of changes in consolidated equity as at 31 
December 2021 
104-105 
Consolidated statement of cash flows as at 31 
December 2021 
106-107 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
110-273 
 
Independent auditors' report 
279-287 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers

--- Page 50 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 44 - 
47-41043353 
 
illimity consolidated Interim Report as 
of and for the six months ended 30 June 
2022 
Consolidated interim financial statements (including 
limited review report): 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 
June 2022 
58-59 
Consolidated income statement as at 30 June 2022 
60 
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive 
income as at 30 June 2022 
61 
Statements of changes in consolidated equity as at 30 
June 2022 
62-63 
Consolidated statement of cash flows as at 30 June 
2022 
64-65 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
67-142 
 
Independent auditors' report 
146-147 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
illimity consolidated Interim Report as 
of and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022 
Consolidated interim financial statements (including 
limited review report): 
 
 
Consolidated statement of financial position as at 30 
September2022 
58-59 
Consolidated 
income 
statement 
as 
at 
30 
September2022 
60 
Consolidated statement of other comprehensive 
income as at 30 September2022 
61 
Statements of changes in consolidated equity as at 30 
September2022 
62-63 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
11 November 2022 Press Release 
Entire Document 
- 
 
 
 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
Investor Presentation 
Entire documents except for pages 5, 18, 28, 33, 40, 
47, 49, 50 and 58 
People, technology and values 
People, technology and values 
Growth Credit Division and Investment Banking 
Division 
B-ilty 
Distressed credit division 
Distressed credit division and Quimmo 
Illimity SGR 
Hype 
Recent results 
Glossary 
 
 
1-4 
6-17 
19-27 
29-32 
34-39 
41-46 
48 
51-57 
59- 66 
67-69 
Document 
Information incorporated 
Page 
numbers 
By-laws 
Entire Document 
- 
The information incorporated by reference that is not included in the cross-reference lists above is considered 
additional information and is not required by the relevant schedules of Commission Regulation (EU) No. 2019/980 
(as amended).

--- Page 51 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 45 - 
47-41043353 
 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression "necessary information" means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the 
information necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes. In relation to the 
different types of Notes which may be issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus 
all of the necessary information except for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this 
Base Prospectus and which can only be determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus. 
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The 
terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the 
Conditions described in the relevant Final Terms as completed to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus. In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted by a single document containing the necessary information 
relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes.

--- Page 52 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 46 - 
47-41043353 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ENGLISH LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by English law (the "English Law 
Notes" or the "Notes") which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in 
definitive form issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will 
differ from those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent 
described under "Conditions applicable to Global Notes" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: illimity Bank S.p.A. ("illimity" or the "Issuer"), has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of €3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal amended and restated agency agreement dated 
24 November 2022 (the "Agency Agreement") between the Issuer and BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg 
Branch as fiscal agent (in such capacity, the "Fiscal Agent", which expression includes any successor 
fiscal agent appointed from time to time) and the paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal 
Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression includes any successor or additional paying agents 
appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection and obtainable 
free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 53 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 47 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the quantum of the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines should be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i) above does not apply and no such spread, 
quantum formula or methodology is recognised or acknowledged as being customary market 
usage as referred to in (ii) above) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt 
capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
or if no such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, for a 
comparable interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing 
Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular No. 285, the Banking 
Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European 
Union (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards 
and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or suspension 
power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be), including but not 
limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in or implementing the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or any successor laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities 
of the Group, where applicable) within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) 
can be reduced, cancelled, transferred, modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action 
or otherwise; 
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large

--- Page 54 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 48 - 
47-41043353 
 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (E)(i) above; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate including, without limitation, 
under the BMR, if applicable; 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into 
force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 16, 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian 
law);

--- Page 55 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 49 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that 
is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or regulations 
of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after 
the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer

--- Page 56 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 50 - 
47-41043353 
 
or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD V Package (including, without 
limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform Package); 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means the Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 385 of the 
Republic of Italy as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26 2013, 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26 
2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 57 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 51 - 
47-41043353 
 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) is so specified, means the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement)) or 
"360/360" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1) + [30𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 58 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 52 - 
47-41043353 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform 
Package); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Eligible Liabilities" means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from time to time;

--- Page 59 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 53 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation Linked Notes), its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the relevant par 
value. In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means an amount different 
from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are consolidated 
in the Issuer's calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations); 
"Holder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 6(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement) at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own Funds 
instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject to 
full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments of 
ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national implementing provisions 
applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 60 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 54 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, any MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of a Series of Senior Notes and/or of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion 
of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed exception 
to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some 
of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical 
standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of 
Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as 
the case may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate, benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Own Funds Instruments" means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:

--- Page 61 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 55 - 
47-41043353 
 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such 
Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same Rate of 
Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment 
of Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favorable to a holder of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, 
than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a

--- Page 62 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 56 - 
47-41043353 
 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have 
the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in 
Power) with respect to Senior Notes; and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, 
have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Senior Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution; 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group 
(as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have 
the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated 
Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in 
respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favourable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, 
certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or 
financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of 
the Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 63 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 57 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers to 
be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from their classification 
on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full or, to the extent 
permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, 
where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower 
quality form of Own Funds; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the Bank of 
Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any successor or replacement 
authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as 
the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution Board, the European Council, the European 
Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or 
any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer or other 
entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;

--- Page 64 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 58 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to the 
SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established pursuant to the 
SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on one 
or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 6(h) (Change of Interest Basis), to change 
the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax" or "Taxes" means all taxes, direct and indirect, duties, contributions, levies and imposts of any 
kind or nature imposed by any governmental authorities, either as a primary, secondary or joint liability, 
including but not limited to taxes on income (including capital gains), taxes on capital, value added taxes, 
excise taxes, alternative add-on minimum taxes, estimated taxes, social security contributions and similar 
taxes, customs duties and stamp duties, payments subject to a requirement to withhold, social 
contributions, and any interest, penalties, and other related charges referred to one of the foregoing; 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 65 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 59 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if applicable) 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series 
of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(a) 
Title to Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, provided that 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated 
Notes will have a denomination of at least €200,000 or, in each case, where the Notes are 
denominated in a Specified Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other 
Specified Currency. 
(c) 
Ownership: The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any 
notice of ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any

--- Page 66 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 60 - 
47-41043353 
 
previous loss or theft thereof) and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person 
shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Notes and specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) ("Senior 
Notes"). 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject to any 
obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the Issuer, present and future (other than 
obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes 
from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law 
to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to qualify as "strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello" of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of The Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of The Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in all such cases in accordance with Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines implementing the 
rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.

--- Page 67 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 61 - 
47-41043353 
 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by The Issuer and 
specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"), including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. Save as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii) 
(Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), in the event of compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-
quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated Notes will (A) be subordinated to the 
claims of the Senior Creditors (as defined below); (B) rank pari passu with Parity Creditors and 
(C) rank in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of 
the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes. 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof in the 
winding up of the Issuer and who are either (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective 
Coupons) or (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims against the Issuer are, or are expressed to 
be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuer but senior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)), and 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons) whose claims against the Issuer are, 
or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuer in any manner 
to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor of the Issuer, but excluding those 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer (if any) whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior 
or senior to the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons and/or to the claims of any other creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons or with whose claims the claims of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu, 
including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of 
present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 68 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 62 - 
47-41043353 
 
(iii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(iv) 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, neither any Noteholders and Couponholders of Subordinated Notes 
or Coupons nor the Fiscal Agent may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any 
amount owed to it by The Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
Subordinated Coupons and each Noteholder and Couponholder of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons shall, by virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or 
Subordinated Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both 
before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different 
basis from that set out in this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the multiple of the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to the 
Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions, CMS Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation Linked

--- Page 69 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 63 - 
47-41043353 
 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) is applicable also if the 
Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The applicable Final 
Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (both before and after judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in 
this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable,: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the "Determined 
Rate");

--- Page 70 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 64 - 
47-41043353 
 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or 
arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to letter(g) below: 
(w) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(x) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(y) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin

--- Page 71 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 65 - 
47-41043353 
 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the specified time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant final terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 72 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 66 - 
47-41043353 
 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate", 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note 
and Benchmark Replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6(f)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation 
with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with to the operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(f)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference 
Banks, Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre)

--- Page 73 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 67 - 
47-41043353 
 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent or any other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the provisions of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), the Original Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark 
Replacement) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and only 
then once the Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) (Notices, etc.). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) by such Interest Determination Date, or, if the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions under paragraphs from (i) to 
(vi) above would case the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the

--- Page 74 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 68 - 
47-41043353 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement), each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount of such Note during such 
Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note 
is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and each 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the

--- Page 75 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 69 - 
47-41043353 
 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(m) 
Determination or Calculation by Fiscal Agent: If the Calculation Agent fails at any time to determine a 
Rate of Interest or to calculate an Interest Amount, the Fiscal Agent will make such determination or 
calculation which shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Fiscal 
Agent shall apply all of the provisions of these conditions with any necessary consequential amendments 
to the extent that, in its sole opinion and with absolute discretion, it can do so and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and will not be 
liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. Any such 
determination or calculation made by the Fiscal Agent shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders. 
7. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating 
amounts of interest in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion) is only 
applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 76 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 70 - 
47-41043353 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin, subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has 
a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset 
Reference Rate Conversion), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or 
monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;

--- Page 77 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 71 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7(d) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, 
subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion). 
(d) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided 
in Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as of approximately 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) 
or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as of the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions), "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the 
Issuer. 
8. 
Inflation Linked Note 
This Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Note) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation Linked Notes 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Notes

--- Page 78 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 72 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes, for 
each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in 
the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of paragraph 
(g) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index 
Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), 
the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൤
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙𝑙(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡 − 1) − 1൨ 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date 
falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] Inflation 
Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be calculated 
on the [Maturity Date/relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Aggregate Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index 
(t)/Inflation Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls.

--- Page 79 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 73 - 
47-41043353 
 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum amount 
(if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no circumstances shall the 
Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 8 
(Inflation Linked Notes) or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this 
Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Notes), each Inflation Linked Note will bear interest in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and such 
other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date 
is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-

--- Page 80 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 74 - 
47-41043353 
 
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any other 
party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above.

--- Page 81 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 75 - 
47-41043353 
 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to 
such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(A) (Delay in 
Publication). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or 
after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 8 (Inflation 
Linked Notes) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor

--- Page 82 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 76 - 
47-41043353 
 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the "Successor Inflation Index") 
(in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation 
Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(B)(5) 
below), a successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation 
agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, 
such successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation 
Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may 
previously have been determined under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) 
or 8(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index 
comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Conditions 
8(iv)(B)(1) or 8(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation 
Index should be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or 
five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, 
this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses 
are received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, 
this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant 
to this Condition 8(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1), 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) above by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, 
will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and 
such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, 
as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked Notes, each 
Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, as applicable by payment 
of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased 
at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for 
purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related

--- Page 83 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 77 - 
47-41043353 
 
Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if 
"Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those 
adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days 
of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the 
correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes 
on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount, as of the date of redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking 
into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. The redemption or 
cancellation referred to in this Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and 
Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) in case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 10(n) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation 
Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the 
Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence 
or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index

--- Page 84 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 78 - 
47-41043353 
 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation 
Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with 
the Notes. The Issuer shall have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act 
by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or 
maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or 
any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. 
Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index 
from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information 
concerning the Inflation Index. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue Date, as 
provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(a) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(a) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or

--- Page 85 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 79 - 
47-41043353 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately prior to the giving of the notice 
by the Issuer referred to above that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or 
therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or administration of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it 
(any such event, a "Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be 
sufficient to the Fiscal Agent and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes 
prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the 
redemption referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject 
to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions 
for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which 
the Notes are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 86 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 80 - 
47-41043353 
 
(e) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer 
may at any time, at its option, and having given to the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 
calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice"), in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clan-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption 
Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on 
the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in 
the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Put 
Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10(f) for full information on any Put Option. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date (Put), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any Note 
must, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with the Fiscal Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent, with which a Note is so deposited, shall 
immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Fiscal Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long 
as any outstanding Note is held by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be 
the holder of Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If a Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by applicable law or 
regulation):

--- Page 87 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 81 - 
47-41043353 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of 
notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders of such Subordinated Notes (such notice being 
irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption; and 
(B) 
the circumstance that entitles the Issuer to exercise this right of redemption of the relevant 
Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the relevant Issue Date. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption)and the Fiscal Agent, redeem the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in 
whole but not in part, then outstanding at any time (if the Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note or an Index-Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or 
an Index-Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such 
request is made to and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the 
option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The Issuer may not purchase 
Subordinated Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, except in the cases contemplated 
under Article 78(4) of the CRR, including, without limitation, repurchases made for market making 
purposes (where applicable), where the conditions set out in Article 29(3) of the Delegated Regulation

--- Page 88 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 82 - 
47-41043353 
 
are met and in particular with respect to the predetermined amount defined by the Relevant Authority, 
which according to Article 29(3)(b) of the Delegated Regulation may not exceed the lower of: (i) 10% 
of the amount of the relevant issuance; and (ii) 3% of the total amount of Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding, or such other amount permitted to be purchased for market making 
purposes under the Applicable Banking Regulations. Also the repurchases referred to in this Condition 
10(k) (Purchase) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any Notes 
issued by the Issuer be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes: In the case 
of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(g) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory purposes (Regulatory Call)), or Condition 10(k) (Purchase) is subject 
to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or 
the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change 
in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification of 
the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations

--- Page 89 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 83 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and 
(B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
(o) 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. Regulatory 
conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred 
Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation 
Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 10(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(k) (Purchase), or Condition 10(h) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of 
the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in subparagraphs 
(i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency.

--- Page 90 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 84 - 
47-41043353 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(i) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented for payment on redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to (i) above shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) 
or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment.

--- Page 91 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 85 - 
47-41043353 
 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was of the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
(if any) by the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of any taxes, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction shall be equal to 
the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes not qualifying at such 
time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, and interest, in case of any 
Notes, and which would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction 
had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment of 
any interest or principal either: 
(i) 
for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended), the "Legislative Decree No. 239" or, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as 
amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of the same may be 
amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in 
which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax 
exemption have not been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been 
met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other than 
the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of non-residence 
or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note or Coupon for 
payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which does 
not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information for the purposes of Article 6 of 
Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April, 1996 not included in the list of Ministerial 
Decree of 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to time in respect 
of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as of atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended and 
supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the

--- Page 92 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 86 - 
47-41043353 
 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a 
holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled 
to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by the Issuer becomes subject to withholding tax as a result of the 
Issuer becoming resident, whether for tax purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references 
to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of Italy. 
13. 
Events of Default 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer pursuant to 
Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione 
volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, then any Note 
may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest 
(if any) without further action or formality. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 13 (Events of Default) 
shall be available to the Fiscal Agent or to the holders of the Notes and the related Coupons, whether for 
the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the related Coupons or in respect of any breach 
by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes and the related Coupons or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under these 
Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the 
Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be prescribed 
and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, five 
years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
16. 
Paying Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 93 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 87 - 
47-41043353 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a Paying 
Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation 
system; and 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to 
the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 24 (Acknowledgment 
of Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving consent 
from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) 
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Subordinated Notes, or vary 
the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as appropriate, become, Qualifying 
Subordinated Securities, provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right 
of the Issuer to redeem the varied or substituted securities that would otherwise provide the Issuer with 
a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or variation 
of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(c) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such 
matters. 
(d) 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
24 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series, which notice

--- Page 94 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 88 - 
47-41043353 
 
shall be irrevocable, at any time either substitute all (but not some only) of such Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, or vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so that they 
remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes, 
provided that such variation or substitution does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem 
the varied or substituted securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a substitution or variation 
of the Notes in accordance with this Condition 17(d) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such 
matters. 
(e) 
Any variation of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 66(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
(a) 
To holders of Notes 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and 
approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and/or 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
(b) 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, notices to Noteholders 
may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. Any such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the

--- Page 95 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 89 - 
47-41043353 
 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action. 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Third Party Rights 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts (Rights 
of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
23. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, English law, save that the provisions 
described in Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power), Condition 4(a) (Status – Senior Notes), 
Condition 4(b) (Status – Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer) and Condition 4(c) (Status – 
Subordinated Notes issued by the Issuer) and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with both such provisions, shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Italy. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has irrevocably agreed for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders that the courts of England are to have exclusive jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to hear and determine any suit, action or proceedings 
and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement and the 
Notes and the Coupons (including any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with 
the foregoing) (respectively "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and for such purposes have irrevocably 
submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has irrevocably waived any objection which it 
might now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine 
any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a 
convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Process Agent: In the Agency Agreement, the Issuer has agreed that the documents which start any 
Proceedings or any other documents required to be served in relation to those Proceedings may be served 
on it by being delivered to Laurentia Financial Services Ltd which is presently at 15 Northfields Prospect, 
London SW 18 1PE, United Kingdom, or to such other person with an address in England and/or at such 
other address in England or Wales as the Issuer may specify by notice in writing to the Noteholders. 
Nothing in this paragraph shall affect the right of any Noteholder to serve process in any other manner 
permitted by law. 
(e) 
Consent to enforcement etc: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has consented generally in respect of 
any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such 
Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or 
given in such Proceedings.

--- Page 96 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 90 - 
47-41043353 
 
24. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of 
the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market), and the Fiscal Agent acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be bound 
by and consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions; 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes described in 
this Condition 24 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power). 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not constitute 
an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payments to reflect 
the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the 
Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in 
particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant provisions under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 97 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 91 - 
47-41043353 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ITALIAN LAW NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions of the Notes governed by Italian Law (the "Italian Law Notes" 
or the "Notes") which, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form 
issued under the Programme. The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from 
those terms and conditions which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under 
"Conditions applicable to Global Notes" above. 
1. 
Introduction 
(a) 
Programme: illimity Bank S.p.A. ("illimity" or the "Issuer"), has established a Euro Medium Term Note 
Programme (the "Programme") for the issuance of €3,000,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 
notes (the "Notes"). 
(b) 
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a "Series") and each Series 
may comprise one or more tranches (each a "Tranche") of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of final 
terms (the "Final Terms") which complete these terms and conditions (the "Conditions"). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Conditions as completed by the 
relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of a fiscal amended and restated agency agreement dated 
24 November 2022 (the "Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes" or "Agency Agreement") 
between the Issuer and BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch as fiscal agent (in such capacity, the "Fiscal 
Agent", which expression includes any successor fiscal agent appointed from time to time) and the 
paying agent named therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the "Paying Agents", which expression 
includes any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the 
Notes). 
(d) 
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Conditions to Notes are to the Notes which are the subject 
of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for inspection and obtainable 
free of charge by the public during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent. 
(e) 
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and are 
subject to their detailed provisions. Noteholders and Couponholders, if any, are bound by, and are 
deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies of the 
Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below. 
2. 
Definitions and Interpretation 
(a) 
Definitions 
In these Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
"2006 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the date of issue of the first Tranche of the Notes of such 
Series) as published by ISDA (copies of which may be obtained from ISDA at www.isda.org); 
"2021 ISDA Definitions" means, in relation to a Series of Notes, the latest version of the 2021 ISDA 
Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions (including each Matrix (and any successor Matrix thereto), as 
defined in such 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions) as at the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of Notes of such Series, as published by ISDA on its website (www.isda.org); 
"Accrual Yield" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Business Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Additional Financial Centre(s)" means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 98 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 92 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Additional Tier 1 Capital" has the meaning given to such term (or any other equivalent or successor 
term) in the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the quantum of the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser 
determines should be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may 
be) to reduce or eliminate, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) and is 
the spread, quantum formula or methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option 
for parties to adopt in relation to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or 
(ii) 
in the case of an Alternative Benchmark Rate or (where (i) above does not apply) in the case of 
a Successor Rate, the Independent Adviser determines is recognised or acknowledged as being 
in customary market usage in international debt capital markets transactions which reference 
the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case may be); or 
(iii) 
(if the Independent Adviser determines that (i) above does not apply and no such spread, 
quantum formula or methodology is recognised or acknowledged as being customary market 
usage as referred to in (ii) above) to be appropriate; 
"Alternative Benchmark Rate" means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate) 
has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary market usage in the international debt capital 
markets for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) or if no 
such rate exists, the rate which is most comparable to the Original Reference Rate, for a comparable 
interest period and in the same Specified Currency as the Notes; 
"Applicable Banking Regulations" means at any time the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines 
and policies relating to capital adequacy then in effect in the Republic of Italy and applicable to the Issuer 
or the Group (as the case may be), including, without limitation, the BRRD, the BRRD Implementing 
Decrees, the CRD IV Package, the Capital Instruments Regulations, Circular No. 285, the Banking 
Reform Package, the SRM Regulation and any other regulations, requirements, guidelines and policies 
relating to capital adequacy then in effect of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European 
Union (whether or not such requirements, guidelines or policies have the force of law and whether or not 
they are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group, as the case may be) and standards 
and guidelines issued by the European Banking Authority; 
"Bail-in Power" means any statutory write-down, conversion, transfer, modification and/or suspension 
power existing from time to time under any laws, regulations, rules or requirements relating to the 
resolution of credit institutions, investment firms and/or group entities in effect and applicable in the 
relevant Member State to the Issuer or other entities of the Group (as the case may be), including but not 
limited to any laws, regulations, rules or requirements set forth in or implementing the BRRD, the BRRD 
Implementing Decrees and/or the SRM Regulation or any successor laws, regulations, rules or 
requirements establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of the Issuer (and/or other entities 
of the Group, where applicable) within the context of a relevant Member State resolution regime or 
otherwise, pursuant to which liabilities of the Issuer (and/or other entities of the Group, where applicable) 
can be reduced, cancelled, transferred, modified, suspended for a temporary period and/or converted into 
shares or obligations of the obligor or any other person, whether in combination with a resolution action 
or otherwise; 
"Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive" means Directive (EU) 2017/2399 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 12 December 2017 amending the BRRD as regards the ranking of unsecured debt 
instruments in insolvency hierarchy, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time;

--- Page 99 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 93 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Banking Reform Package" means: (i) Regulation (EU) 2019/876 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 as regards the leverage ratio, the 
net stable funding ration, requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities, counterparty credit risk, 
market risk, exposure to central counterparties, exposures to collective investment undertakings, large 
exposures, reporting and disclosure requirements, and Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012; (ii) Regulation 
(EU) 2019/877 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 May 2019 amending Regulation 
(EU) No. 806/2014 as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization capacity of credit institutions and 
investment firms; (iii) Directive (EU) 2019/878 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 20 
May 2019 amending Directive 2013/36/EU as regards exempted entities, financial holding companies, 
mixed financial holding companies, remuneration, supervisory measures and powers and capital 
conservation measures; and (iv) Directive (EU) 2019/879 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 20 May 2019 amending Directive 2014/59/EU as regards the loss-absorbing and recapitalization 
capacity of credit institutions and investment firms and Directive 98/26/EC; 
"Benchmark Amendments" has the meaning given to it in Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments); 
"Benchmark Event" means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five (5) Business 
Days or ceasing to be calculated, administered or published; 
(B) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference Rate 
permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling 
six months prior to the specified date referred to in (B)(i) above; 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been permanently or indefinitely discontinued; 
(D) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
specified date referred to in (D)(i) above; 
(E) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being 
used or that its use will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or 
before a specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the specified date referred to 
in (E)(i) above; or 
(F) 
it has become unlawful for any Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent or such other party as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms to calculate any payments due to be made to any 
Noteholder or Couponholder using the Original Reference Rate including, without limitation, 
under the BMR, if applicable; 
"BMR" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation 
(EU) No. 596/2014; 
"BRRD" means Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of May 15 2014 
establishing a framework for the recovery and resolution of credit institutions and investment firms, as 
amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into 
force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"BRRD Implementing Decrees" means the Legislative Decrees No. 180 and 181 of November 16, 2015, 
implementing the BRRD in the Republic of Italy, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of the transposition of the Banking Reform Package into Italian 
law);

--- Page 100 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 94 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(ii) 
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
"Business Day Convention", in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant 
Final Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to 
different dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(i) 
"Following Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(ii) 
"Modified Following Business Day Convention" or "Modified Business Day Convention" 
the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day unless that 
day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding day that 
is a Business Day; 
(iii) 
"Preceding Business Day Convention" means that the relevant date shall be brought forward 
to the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(iv) 
"FRN Convention", "Floating Rate Convention" or "Eurodollar Convention" means that 
each relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date 
in the calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred 
provided, however, that: 
(A) 
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in 
that calendar month; 
(B) 
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; 
(C) 
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business 
Day in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar 
month in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(v) 
"No Adjustment" means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention. 
"Calculation Agent" means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Calculation Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Capital Instruments Regulations" means the Delegated Regulation and any other rules or regulations 
of the Relevant Authority or of the institutions of the European Union or which are otherwise applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be and, where applicable), whether introduced before or after 
the Issue Date, which prescribe (alone or in conjunction with any other rules or regulations) the 
requirements to be fulfilled by financial instruments for their inclusion in the Own Funds of the Issuer

--- Page 101 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 95 - 
47-41043353 
 
or the Group (as the case may be) to the extent required under the CRD V Package (including, without 
limitation, any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform Package); 
"CET1 Instruments" means at any time common equity tier 1 instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Consolidated Banking Act" means the Legislative Decree of 1 September 1993, No. 385 of the 
Republic of Italy as amended or replaced from time to time; 
"Coupon Sheet" means, in respect of a Note, a coupon sheet relating to such Note; 
"Couponholder" means the holder of a Coupon; 
"CRD IV" means Directive 2013/36/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26 2013 
on access to the activity of credit institutions and the prudential supervision of credit institutions and 
investment firms, as amended or replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a 
consequence of the entry into force of the Banking Reform Package); 
"CRD IV Package" means the CRR and the CRD IV; 
"CRR" means Regulation (EU) No. 575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of June 26 
2013 setting out prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms, as amended or 
replaced from time to time (including, without limitation, as a consequence of the entry into force of the 
Banking Reform Package); 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
"Calculation Period"), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Conditions or the relevant 
Final Terms and: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is so specified, means: 
(a) 
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during 
which it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the 
product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of 
Regular Periods in any year; and 
(b) 
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(1) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of 
days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any 
year; and 
(2) 
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Regular Period divided by the product of (a) the actual number of days in such 
Regular Period and (b) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(ii) 
if "Actual/Actual (ISDA)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum 
of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360;

--- Page 102 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 96 - 
47-41043353 
 
(v) 
if "30/360" (in respect of Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions)) is so specified, means the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (i) the last day of the 
Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the Calculation Period is a day 
other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case the month that includes that last day 
shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-day month, or (ii) the last day of the Calculation 
Period is the last day of the month of February, in which case the month of February shall not 
be considered to be lengthened to a 30-day month)); 
(vi) 
if "Actual/365 (Sterling)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(vii) 
If "30/360" (in respect of Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement)) or 
"360/360" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of which payment 
is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1) + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which 
case D2 will be 30; and 
(viii) 
If "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in 
respect of which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 103 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 97 - 
47-41043353 
 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; and 
(ix) 
If "30E/360 (ISDA)" is specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period in respect of 
which payment is being made divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
[360 𝑥𝑥(𝑌𝑌2 −𝑌𝑌1)] + [30 𝑥𝑥(𝑀𝑀2 − 𝑀𝑀1)] + (𝐷𝐷2 −𝐷𝐷1)
360
 
where: 
"Y1" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
"Y2" is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"M1" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
"M2" is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
"D1" is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; 
and 
"D2" is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date 
or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation 
Period; 
"Delegated Regulation" means Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No. 241/2014 of 7 January 
2014 supplementing the CRR with regard to the regulatory technical standards for Own Funds 
requirements for institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including, 
without limitation, as a consequence of any rules or regulations implementing the Banking Reform 
Package); 
"Early Redemption Amount (Tax)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Eligible Liabilities" means at any time eligible liabilities as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Eligible Liabilities Instruments" means at any time eligible liabilities instruments as interpreted and 
applied in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"euro" means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary 
union pursuant to the Treaty establishing the European Communities as amended from time to time;

--- Page 104 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 98 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Extraordinary Resolution" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Final Redemption Amount" means, in respect of any Note (other than Inflation Linked Notes), its 
principal amount or such other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the 
relevant Final Terms provided that, in any case, such amount will be at least equal to the relevant par 
value. In respect of Inflation Linked Notes, the "Final Redemption Amount" means an amount different 
from the relevant par value as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms, provided that under no 
circumstances shall the Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes; 
"Fixed Coupon Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Group" means the Issuer and its consolidated Subsidiaries (or any other entities that are consolidated 
in the Issuer's calculation of its Own Funds on a consolidated basis in accordance with Applicable 
Banking Regulations); 
"Holder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Independent Adviser" means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under Condition 6(f) 
(Benchmark Replacement) at its own expense; 
"Interest Amount" means, in relation to a Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest payable in 
respect of that Note for that Interest Period; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date of the Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Payment Date" means the date or dates specified as such in, or determined in accordance with 
the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms and, if a Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant 
Final Terms: 
(i) 
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(ii) 
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the 
FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period 
of calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
"Interest Period" means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
"ISDA" means the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc; (or any successor); 
"ISDA Definitions" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Issue Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Loss Absorption Requirement" means the power of the Relevant Authority to impose that Own Funds 
instruments or other liabilities of the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be) are subject to 
full or partial write-down of the principal or conversion into CET1 Instruments or other instruments of 
ownership in accordance with Article 59 of the BRRD and the related national implementing provisions 
applicable to the Issuer or entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Margin" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 105 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 99 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Maturity Date" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Maximum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Minimum Redemption Amount" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"MREL Disqualification Event" means that, by reason of the introduction of, or a change in, any MREL 
Requirements, which was not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer at the Issue Date of the relevant Series 
of Notes, all or part of the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of a Series of Senior Notes and/or of 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (as the case may be) are or will be excluded fully or partially from the 
liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements. For the avoidance of doubt: (a) the exclusion 
of a Series of Notes from the liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements due to the 
remaining maturity of such Notes being less than any period prescribed thereunder does not constitute a 
MREL Disqualification Event; (b) the exclusion of all or some of a Series of Notes from the MREL 
Requirements due to there being insufficient headroom for such Notes within any prescribed exception 
to the otherwise applicable general requirements for liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL 
Requirements does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; and (c) the exclusion of all or some 
of a Series of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes from the MREL Requirements as a result of 
such Notes being purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer or as a result of a purchase which is funded 
directly or indirectly by the Issuer, does not constitute a MREL Disqualification Event; 
"MREL Requirements" means the laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for own funds and eligible liabilities applicable 
to the Issuer or the Group (as the case may be) from time to time, including, without limitation to the 
generality of the foregoing, any delegated or implementing acts (such as implementing technical 
standards or regulatory technical standards) adopted by the European Commission and any regulations, 
requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, measures and policies relating to minimum requirements for 
own funds and eligible liabilities and/or loss absorbing capacity instruments adopted by the Republic of 
Italy or a Relevant Authority from time to time (whether or not such regulations, requirements, guidelines, 
rules, standards, measures or policies are applied generally or specifically to the Issuer or the Group (as 
the case may be)), as any of the preceding laws, regulations, requirements, guidelines, rules, standards, 
measures, policies or interpretations may be amended, supplemented, superseded or replaced from time 
to time; 
"Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Noteholder" means a holder of a Note; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Call)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Amount (Put)" means, in respect of any Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance with, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Call)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Optional Redemption Date (Put)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Original Reference Rate" means the originally-specified Reference Rate, benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the relevant Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Notes; 
"Own Funds" shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the CRR as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Own Funds Instruments" means at any time own funds instruments as interpreted and applied in 
accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Payment Business Day" means: 
(i) 
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is:

--- Page 106 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 100 - 
47-41043353 
 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day 
on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(ii) 
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation 
and payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(B) 
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of 
payment and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; or 
"Person" means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
"Principal Financial Centre" means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such 
Member State of the European Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the 
case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
"Put Option Notice" means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
"Put Option Receipt" means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Note at the 
option of the Noteholder; 
"Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer 
that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; (C) have the same Rate of 
Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; 
(E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior Non-Preferred Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior Non-Preferred Notes immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the 
effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) 
other than in respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment 
of Bail-in Power), have terms not materially less favorable to a holder of the Senior Non-
Preferred Notes, certified by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an 
investment bank or financial adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, 
than the terms of the Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Non-Preferred Notes were listed 
immediately prior to such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Senior Notes" means securities issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms which at such time result in such securities being eligible to count towards 
fulfilment of the Issuer's and/or the Group's (as applicable) minimum requirements for own 
funds and eligible liabilities under the then applicable MREL Requirements; (B) include a

--- Page 107 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 101 - 
47-41043353 
 
ranking at least equal to that of the Senior Notes; (C) have the same Rate of Interest and the 
same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time applying to the Senior Notes; (D) have 
the same redemption rights as the Senior Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Senior 
Notes to any accrued interest which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and 
including) the Interest Payment Date last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are 
assigned (or maintain) the same or higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Senior 
Notes immediately prior to such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely 
attributable to the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in 
Power) with respect to Senior Notes; and (G) other than in respect of the effectiveness and 
enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes, 
have terms not materially less favorable to a holder of the Senior Notes, certified by the Issuer 
acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial adviser of 
international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the Senior Notes; 
and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Senior Notes were listed immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution. 
"Qualifying Subordinated Securities" means securities, whether debt, equity, interests in limited 
partnerships or otherwise, issued directly or indirectly by the Issuer that: 
(i) 
(A) contain terms such that they comply with the then-current minimum requirements under the 
Applicable Banking Regulations for inclusion in the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or the Group 
(as applicable); (B) include a ranking at least equal to that of the Subordinated Notes; (C) have 
the same Rate of Interest and the same Interest Payment Dates as those from time to time 
applying to the Subordinated Notes; (D) have the same redemption rights as the Subordinated 
Notes; (E) preserve any existing rights under the Subordinated Notes to any accrued interest 
which has not been paid in respect of the period from (and including) the Interest Payment Date 
last preceding the date of substitution or variation; (F) are assigned (or maintain) the same or 
higher solicited credit ratings as were assigned to the Subordinated Notes immediately prior to 
such variation or substitution, unless any downgrade is solely attributable to the effectiveness 
and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power); and (G) other than in 
respect of the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in 
Power), have terms not materially less favorable to a holder of the Subordinated Notes, certified 
by the Issuer acting reasonably following consultation with an investment bank or financial 
adviser of international standing which is independent of the Group, than the terms of the 
Subordinated Notes; and 
(ii) 
are listed on a recognized stock exchange if the Subordinated Notes were listed immediately 
prior to such variation or substitution; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Notes specified in relevant Final Terms or calculated or determined in accordance with the 
provisions of these Conditions and/or the relevant Final Terms; 
"Redemption Amount" means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put) or such 
other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified in, or determined in accordance 
with the provisions of, the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer in the market that is most closely connected 
with the Reference Rate; 
"Reference Price" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Rate Multiplier" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 108 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 102 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Regular Period" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, 
each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the first 
Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment Date 
to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(ii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be paid 
only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where "Regular Date" means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(iii) 
in the case of Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest Period, 
interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
"Regular Date" means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment 
Date falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period; 
"Regulatory Event" means any change (or pending change which the Relevant Authority considers to 
be sufficiently certain) in the regulatory classification of the Subordinated Notes from their classification 
on the Issue Date that results, or would be likely to result, in their exclusion in full or, to the extent 
permitted under the Applicable Banking Regulations, in part, from the Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer or, 
where applicable in accordance with the Applicable Banking Regulations, a reclassification as a lower 
quality form of Own Funds; 
"Relevant Authority" means, as the context may require, (i) the European Central Bank or the Bank of 
Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism, or any successor or replacement 
authority having responsibility for the prudential oversight and supervision of the Issuer or the Group (as 
the case may be), and/or (ii) the Single Resolution Board, the European Council, the European 
Commission or the Bank of Italy, acting within the framework of the Single Resolution Mechanism, or 
any successor or replacement authority having responsibility for the resolution of the Issuer or other 
entities of the Group (as the case may be); 
"Relevant Date" means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Paying Agent on or prior to such due date, 
the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Relevant Nominating Body" means, in respect of the Original Reference Rate: 
(i) 
the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for the currency to 
which the Original Reference Rate relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original Reference Rate; or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (a) the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or any similar institution for 
the currency to which the Original Reference Rate relates, (b) any central bank or other 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate, (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, 
or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
"Relevant Screen Page" means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, the Reuter) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final 
Terms, or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such 
other information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference 
Rate;

--- Page 109 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 103 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Relevant Time" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reserved Matter" has the meaning ascribed thereto in the Agency Agreement; 
"Single Resolution Mechanism" means the single resolution mechanism established pursuant to the 
SRM Regulation; 
"Single Supervisory Mechanism" means the single supervisory mechanism established pursuant to the 
SSM Regulation; 
"Specified Currency" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Denomination(s)" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Specified Office" has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
"Specified Period" has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
"SRM Regulation" means Regulation (EU) No. 806/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council 
of 15 July 2014, establishing uniform rules and a uniform procedure for the resolution of credit 
institutions and certain investment firms in the framework of the Single Supervisory Mechanism and the 
Single Resolution Fund and amending Regulation (EU) No. 1093/2010, as amended or replaced from 
time to time; 
"SSM Regulation" means Council Regulation (EU) No. 1024/2013 of 15 October 2013 conferring 
specific tasks on the European Central Bank concerning policies relating to the prudential supervision of 
credit institutions, as amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time; 
"Subsidiary" means any company or person that is controlled by the Issuer pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Consolidated Banking Act; 
"Successor Rate" means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally 
recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body; 
"Switch Option" means, if Change of Interest Basis and Issuer's Switch Option are specified as 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the option of the Issuer, at its sole absolute discretion, on one 
or more occasions and subject to the provisions of Condition 6(h) (Change of Interest Basis), to change 
the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate, to Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as 
otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, with effect from (and including) the Switch Option 
Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity Date; 
"Talon" means a talon for further Coupons; 
"TARGET Settlement Day" means any day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-time Gross 
Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) System (or any successor to TARGET2) is open for the 
settlement of payments in euro; 
"Tax" or "Taxes" means all taxes, direct and indirect, duties, contributions, levies and imposts of any 
kind or nature imposed by any governmental authorities, either as a primary, secondary or joint liability, 
including but not limited to taxes on income (including capital gains), taxes on capital, value added taxes, 
excise taxes, alternative add-on minimum taxes, estimated taxes, social security contributions and similar 
taxes, customs duties and stamp duties, payments subject to a requirement to withhold, social 
contributions, and any interest, penalties, and other related charges referred to one of the foregoing; 
"Tier 1 Capital" means at any time tier 1 capital as interpreted and applied in accordance with the 
Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Tier 2 Capital" has the meaning given to it from time to time in the Applicable Banking Regulations;

--- Page 110 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 104 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Tier 2 Instruments" means at any time tier 2 instruments as interpreted and applied in accordance with 
the Applicable Banking Regulations; 
"Treaty" means the Treaty of the Functioning of the European Union, as amended; 
"Yield" means the yield specified in the Final Terms, as calculated at the Issue Date on the basis of the 
Issue Price. It is not an indication of future yield; and 
"Zero Coupon Note" means a Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Interpretation: In these Conditions: 
(i) 
if the Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii) 
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time of 
issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii) 
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Notes at the time 
of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv) 
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Note and any other amount in the nature of principal payable 
pursuant to these Conditions; 
(v) 
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Conditions; 
(vi) 
references to Notes being "outstanding" shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement; 
(vii) 
if an expression is stated in Condition 2 (Definitions and Interpretation) to have the meaning 
given in the relevant Final Terms, but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or 
specifies that such expression is "not applicable" then such expression is not applicable to the 
Notes; and 
(viii) 
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement, as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Notes. 
3. 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons (if applicable) 
and, if specified in the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series 
of Notes with more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be 
exchangeable for Notes of another Specified Denomination. 
(a) 
Title to Notes: Title to Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. 
(b) 
Minimum Denomination: The minimum denomination per Note will be €100,000, provided that Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes will have a denomination of at least €150,000 and Subordinated Notes will have a 
denomination of at least €200,000 or, in each case, where the Notes are denominated in a Specified 
Currency other than Euro, the equivalent amount in such other Specified Currency. 
(c) 
Ownership: The holder of any Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be treated as 
its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or theft thereof)

--- Page 111 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 105 - 
47-41043353 
 
and no person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to enforce any 
term or condition of any Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4. 
Status of the Notes 
(a) 
Status – Senior Notes 
This Condition 4(a) is applicable in relation to Senior Notes and specified in the Final Terms as being 
Senior Notes (and, for the avoidance of doubt, does not apply to Senior Non-Preferred Notes) ("Senior 
Notes"). 
The Senior Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer 
and rank pari passu and rateably without any preference among themselves and (subject to any 
obligations preferred by any applicable law) equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated 
indebtedness and monetary obligations (including deposits) of the Issuer, present and future (other than 
obligations ranking, in accordance with their terms and/or by provision of law, junior to the Senior Notes 
from time to time (including Senior Non-Preferred Notes and any further obligations permitted by law 
to rank junior to the Senior Notes following the Issue Date)) if any. 
Each holder of a Senior Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, netting, 
counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws of any 
jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Note. 
(b) 
Status - Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
This Condition 4(b) is applicable only to Senior Non-Preferred Notes issued by the Issuer specified in 
the applicable Final Terms as Non-Preferred Senior obligations and intended to qualify as "strumenti di 
debito chirografario di secondo livello" of the Issuer, as defined under Article 12 bis of the Consolidated 
Banking Act, as amended from time to time ("Senior Non-Preferred Notes"). 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes (notes intending to qualify as strumenti di debito chirografario di secondo 
livello of the Issuer, as defined under, and for the purposes of, Article 12-bis and Article 91, section 1-
bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking Act and any relevant implementing regulation which may 
be enacted for such purposes by any Relevant Authority) constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated, 
unsecured and non-preferred obligations of the Issuer, ranking: 
(i) 
junior to Senior Notes and any other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of The Issuer 
which rank, or are expressed to rank by their terms and/or by provision of law, senior to the 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes including claims arising from the excluded liabilities within the 
meaning of Article 72a(2) of the CRR; 
(ii) 
pari passu without any preferences among themselves, and with all other present or future 
obligations of The Issuer which do not rank or are not expressed by their terms to rank junior 
or senior to the relevant Senior Non-Preferred Notes; and 
(iii) 
in priority to any subordinated instruments and to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer, 
in all such cases in accordance with Article 91, section 1-bis, letter c-bis of the Consolidated Banking 
Act, as amended from time to time, and any relevant implementing regulation which may be enacted for 
such purposes by any Relevant Authority and/or any laws, regulations or guidelines implementing the 
rules set forth in the Bank Creditor Hierarchy Directive. 
Each holder of a Senior Non-Preferred Note unconditionally and irrevocably waives any right of set-off, 
netting, counterclaim, abatement or other similar remedy which it might otherwise have under the laws 
of any jurisdiction in respect of such Senior Non-Preferred Note.

--- Page 112 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 106 - 
47-41043353 
 
(c) 
Status – Subordinated Notes 
This Condition 4(c) is applicable only in relation to Subordinated Notes issued by The Issuer and 
specified in the Final Terms as being subordinated and intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital 
("Subordinated Notes"). 
(i) 
Status of Subordinated Notes 
The Subordinated Notes (notes intended to qualify as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory capital 
purposes, in accordance with Part II, Chapter 1 of the Bank of Italy's Disposizioni di Vigilanza 
per le Banche, as set out in Bank of Italy Circular No. 285 of 17 December 2013, as amended 
or supplemented from time to time (the "Bank of Italy Regulations"), including any successor 
regulations, and Article 63 of the Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment 
firms) constitute direct, unconditional, unsecured and subordinated obligations of the Issuer and 
rank pari passu without any preference among themselves. Save as provided in Condition 4(c)(ii) 
(Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes), in the event of compulsory winding-up 
(liquidazione coatta amministrativa) pursuant to Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated 
Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-
quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, for so long as the relevant Series of Subordinated 
Notes qualify, in whole or in part, as Tier 2 Capital, the payment obligations of the Issuer in 
respect of principal and interest under the Subordinated Notes will (A) be subordinated to the 
claims of the Senior Creditors (as defined below); (B) rank pari passu with Parity Creditors and 
(C) rank in priority to the claims of shareholders of the Issuer and to the claims of creditors of 
the Issuer holding instruments that are more subordinated than the Subordinated Notes. 
"Senior Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer whose claims are admitted to proof in the 
winding up of the Issuer and who are either (a) unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including 
depositors and any holder of Senior Notes, Senior Non-Preferred Notes and their respective 
Coupons) or (b) creditors of the Issuer whose claims against the Issuer are, or are expressed to 
be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuer but senior to the Subordinated 
Notes (including any subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their entirety, as 
own fund items (elementi di fondi propri)), and 
"Parity Creditors" means creditors of the Issuer (including, without limitation, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons) whose claims against the Issuer are, 
or are expressed to be, subordinated in the event of the winding up of the Issuer in any manner 
to the claims of any unsecured and unsubordinated creditor of the Issuer, but excluding those 
subordinated creditors of the Issuer (if any) whose claims rank, or are expressed to rank, junior 
or senior to the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons and/or to the claims of any other creditors of the Issuer whose claims rank, or are 
expressed to rank, pari passu with the claims of the Noteholders and the Couponholders of 
Subordinated Notes or Coupons or with whose claims the claims of the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders of Subordinated Notes or Coupons rank, or are expressed to rank, pari passu, 
including holders of present or future outstanding Tier 2 Capital of the Issuer. 
(ii) 
Status of disqualified Subordinated Notes 
If the relevant Series of Subordinated Notes do not qualify (or cease to qualify) in their entirety 
as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri), such Subordinated Notes will rank pari passu 
without any preference among themselves and: (A) at least pari passu with the Issuer's 
obligations in respect of any other subordinated instruments that have ceased to qualify, in their 
entirety, as own funds items (elementi di fondi propri) and with all other subordinated 
indebtedness of the Issuer that have such ranking; (B) in priority to payments to holders of 
present or future outstanding indebtedness which qualifies, in whole or in part, as own funds 
items (elementi di fondi propri), including Additional Tier 1 Capital and Tier 2 Capital; and (C) 
junior in right of payment to the payment of any present or future claims of depositors of the 
Issuer and any other unsubordinated creditors of the Issuer (including Senior Notes and Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes).

--- Page 113 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 107 - 
47-41043353 
 
(iii) 
Loss Absorption 
The Subordinated Notes (including, for the avoidance of doubt, payments of principal and/or 
interest) shall be subject to the Loss Absorption Requirement, if so required under the BRRD 
and/or the SRM Regulation, in accordance with the powers of the Relevant Authority and where 
the Relevant Authority determines that the application of the Loss Absorption Requirement to 
the Subordinated Notes is necessary pursuant to applicable law and/or regulation in force from 
time to time. 
(iv) 
Set-Off 
Subject to applicable law, neither any Noteholders and Couponholders of Subordinated Notes 
or Coupons nor the Fiscal Agent may exercise or claim any right of set-off in respect of any 
amount owed to it by The Issuer arising under or in connection with the Subordinated Notes or 
Subordinated Coupons and each Noteholder and Couponholder of Subordinated Notes or 
Coupons shall, by virtue of his subscription, purchase or holding of any Subordinated Note or 
Subordinated Coupon, be deemed to have waived all such rights of set-off. 
(d) 
No negative pledge 
There is no negative pledge in respect of the Notes. 
5. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes (a) if the Fixed 
Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Fixed Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) (both 
before and after judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect 
of such Note up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which 
is seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in 
respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). As specified in the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different 
basis from that set out in this Condition 5 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions). 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any Interest Period 
shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d) 
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards). 
For this purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of 
such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency. Where the Specified 
Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Amount of interest 
payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the multiple of the product of the amounts 
(determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by which the 
Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further rounding. 
6. 
Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) is applicable to the 
Notes only if (a) the Floating Rate Note Provisions, CMS Linked Interest Notes or the Inflation Linked

--- Page 114 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 108 - 
47-41043353 
 
Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable; and (b) if the 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
relevant Final Terms as being applicable, in respect of those Interest Periods for which the Floating Rate 
Note Provisions are stated to apply. Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) is applicable also if the 
Reset Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. The applicable Final 
Terms contain provisions applicable to the determination of the interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement) for full information on the 
manner in which interest is calculated. 
(b) 
Accrual of interest: The Notes bear interest from, and including, the Interest Commencement Date at the 
Rate of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon 
due presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case 
it will continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 6(b) (both before and after judgment) 
until whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the 
Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). As specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, interest from such Notes may accrue on a different basis from that set out in 
this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Screen Rate Determination (other than CMS Linked Interest Notes): If Screen Rate Determination is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, 
the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each Interest Period will be determined by the Calculation 
Agent on the following basis: 
(i) 
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen 
Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii) 
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iii) 
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (ii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable,: 
(A) 
the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer will request the principal Relevant 
Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to provide a quotation of the 
Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date 
to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank market in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time; and 
(B) 
the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(iv) 
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, the Calculation Agent will 
determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by major banks in the Principal Financial Centre 
of the Specified Currency, selected by the Issuer or an agent appointed by the Issuer, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for deposits in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean so determined (the "Determined 
Rate");

--- Page 115 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 109 - 
47-41043353 
 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant Determined Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine a rate or (as the case 
may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in relation to any Interest 
Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes during such Interest Period will be the sum 
of the Margin and the rate or, as the case may be, the arithmetic mean last determined in relation 
to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period for which such rate or 
arithmetic mean was determined. 
(d) 
Floating Rate Notes which are CMS Linked Interest Notes: Where Screen Rate Determination is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Period will be calculated as it follows, subject to letter (g) below: 
(w) 
where "CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable Final Terms, 
determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
CMS Rate + Margin 
(x) 
where "Leveraged CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
L x CMS Rate + M 
(b) 
Min [max (L x CMS Rate + M; F); C] 
(y) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate" is specified as the Reference Rate in the applicable 
Final Terms, determined by the Calculation Agent by reference to the following formula: 
Either: 
(a) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Unleveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
or: 
(b) 
where "Steepener CMS Reference Rate: Leveraged" is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms: 
Min {[max [L x (CMS Rate 1 – CMS Rate 2) + M; F]; C} 
where: 
C = Cap (if applicable) 
F = Floor 
L = Leverage 
M= Margin

--- Page 116 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 110 - 
47-41043353 
 
For the purposes of sub-paragraph (y): 
"CMS Rate" shall mean the applicable swap rate for swap transactions in the Reference 
Currency with a maturity of the Designated Maturity, expressed as a percentage, which appears 
on the Relevant Screen Page as of the specified time on the Interest Determination Date in 
question, all as determined by the Calculation Agent. The Agency Agreement contains 
provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not 
available; and 
"Cap", "CMS Rate 1", "CMS Rate 2", "Floor", "Leverage" and "Margin" shall have the 
meanings given to those terms in the applicable Final Terms. 
(e) 
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Notes for each 
Interest Period will be: 
(i) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as not being applicable, the sum of the 
Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate; 
(ii) 
if "Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable the sum of (i) the 
Margin and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Multiplier; 
(iii) 
if "Reference Rate Multiplier" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the 
sum of (i) the Margin, and (ii) the relevant ISDA Rate multiplied by the Reference Rate 
Multiplier, 
where "ISDA Rate" in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate 
(as defined in the ISDA Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under 
an interest rate swap transaction if the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for 
that interest rate swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA 
Definitions and under which: 
(i) 
if the Final Terms specify either "2006 ISDA Definitions" or "2021 ISDA Definitions" 
as the applicable ISDA Definitions: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) unless otherwise 
specified in the relevant final terms, has the meaning given to it in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
(ii) 
references in the ISDA Definitions to: 
(A) 
"Confirmation" shall be references to the relevant Final Terms; 
(B) 
"Calculation Period" shall be references to the relevant Interest Period; 
(C) 
"Termination Date" shall be references to the Maturity Date; 
(D) 
"Effective Date" shall be references to the Interest Commencement Date; and 
(iii) 
if the Final Terms specify "2021 ISDA Definitions" as being applicable: 
(A) 
"Benchmark Event" shall be disapplied; and

--- Page 117 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 111 - 
47-41043353 
 
(B) 
if the Temporary Non-Publication Fallback in respect of any specified 
Floating Rate Option is specified to be "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback 
– Alternative Rate" in the Floating Rate Matrix of the 2021 ISDA Definitions 
the reference to "Calculation Agent Alternative Rate Determination" in the 
definition of "Temporary Non-Pulication Fallback – Alternative Rate" shall 
be replaced by "Temporary Non-Publication Fallback – Previous Day's Rate", 
provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, if such sum results in a negative amount, such amount 
shall be deemed to be zero. 
(f) 
Benchmark Replacement: Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note 
and Benchmark Replacement), if a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate at 
any time when these Conditions provide for any remaining Rate of Interest (or any component part(s) 
thereof) to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the following provisions 
shall apply. 
(i) 
Independent Adviser: The Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with 
an Independent Adviser, as soon as reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Benchmark Rate (in accordance with Condition 6(f)(ii) (Successor 
Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate)) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread if any (in 
accordance with Condition 6(f)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) 
shall act in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation 
with the Issuer and (in the absence of bad faith, fraud or gross negligence) shall have no liability 
whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest or the 
Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer in connection 
with to the operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(ii) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate: If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(A) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 6(f)(iii)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)); or 
(B) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Benchmark Rate, then such 
Alternative Benchmark Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 
6(f)(iii) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference 
Rate to determine the relevant Rate(s) of Interest (or the relevant component part(s) 
thereof) for all relevant future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further 
operation of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement)). 
(iii) 
Adjustment Spread: If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is 
required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Benchmark Rate (as the case 
may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment 
Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Benchmark Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable). 
(iv) 
Benchmark Amendments: If any Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate or Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) and the 
Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions (including without 
limitation, amendments to the definitions of Day Count Fraction, Business Day, Relevant 
Screen Page, Interest Determination Date, Relevant Time, Relevant Financial Centre, Reference 
Banks, Principal Financial Centre, Business Day Convention or Additional Business Centre)

--- Page 118 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 112 - 
47-41043353 
 
are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark 
Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the "Benchmark Amendments") and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, and subject to the Issuer giving 
notice thereof in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) (Notices, etc.), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Conditions to give effect to such Benchmark 
Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 6(f)(iv) (Benchmark 
Amendments), the Issuer shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted 
to trading. 
(v) 
Notices, etc.: The Issuer shall notify the Paying Agents and the Calculation Agent or any other 
party specified in the relevant Final Terms as being responsible for calculating the Rate of 
Interest and, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders promptly of any 
Successor Rate, Alternative Benchmark Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark 
Amendments, if any. 
Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall be 
substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last 
preceding Interest Period. 
The Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the Adjustment Spread (if any) and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such notice will (in the absence of manifest error 
or bad faith in the determination of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread (if any) and the Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, 
the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent, any other party specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest, the Noteholders. 
(vi) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate: Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under 
the provisions of this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), the Original Reference Rate 
and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark 
Replacement) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred and only 
then once the Paying Agents and Calculation Agent or such other party specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, as applicable, have been notified of the Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark 
Rate (as the case may be) and any Adjustment Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark 
Amendments (if applicable) in accordance with Condition 6(f)(v) (Notices, etc.). 
(vii) 
Fallbacks: If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event and in relation to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Issuer is 
unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed by it fails to 
determine a Successor Rate or Alternative Benchmark Rate (as applicable) pursuant to this 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) by such Interest Determination Date, or, if the 
provisions relating to the occurrence of a Regulatory Event in case of a Benchmark Event is 
specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the provisions under paragraphs from (i) to 
(vi) above would case the occurrence of a Regulatory Event, the Rate of Interest applicable to 
the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in 
relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period (though substituting, 
where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin 
or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest 
Period). 
For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall apply to the 
determination of the Rate of Interest on the relevant Interest Determination Date only, and the

--- Page 119 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 113 - 
47-41043353 
 
Rate of Interest applicable to any subsequent Interest Period(s) is subject to the subsequent 
operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement). 
(g) 
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified. 
(h) 
Change of Interest Basis. If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, the interest payable in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 5 
(Fixed Rate Note Provisions) or Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement), each 
applicable only for the relevant periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer's Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a "Switch Option"), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) on or prior to the 
relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating 
Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect 
from (and including) the Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but 
excluding) the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided 
that (A) the Switch Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (B) upon 
exercise of a Switch Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant 
Switch Option Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective 
Date is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following 
Switch Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (C) where a 
Switch Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall 
no longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
"Switch Option Expiry Date" and "Switch Option Effective Date" shall mean any date specified as 
such in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a 
Switch Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch 
Option having been notified to the Issuer pursuant to this Condition and in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
(i) 
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount of such Note during such 
Interest Period and multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction and rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit rounded upwards). For this 
purpose a "sub-unit" means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent. Where the Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note or an Inflation Linked Interest Note 
is the multiple of the Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be 
the product of the amounts (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and 
the amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without 
any further rounding. 
(j) 
Calculation of other amounts: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that any other amount is to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent, the Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time or 
times at which any such amount is to be determined, calculate the relevant amount. The relevant amount 
will be calculated by the Calculation Agent in the manner specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(k) 
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by 
it, together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined 
by it together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and each 
stock exchange (if any) on which the Notes are then listed as soon as practicable after such determination 
but (in the case of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not 
later than the first day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the

--- Page 120 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 114 - 
47-41043353 
 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). The Calculation Agent will be entitled to 
recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing provisions) without notice in the event of 
an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. 
(l) 
Notifications etc: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Noteholders and 
the Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
(m) 
Determination or Calculation by Fiscal Agent: If the Calculation Agent fails at any time to determine a 
Rate of Interest or to calculate an Interest Amount, the Fiscal Agent will make such determination or 
calculation which shall be deemed to have been made by the Calculation Agent. In doing so, the Fiscal 
Agent shall apply all of the provisions of these conditions with any necessary consequential amendments 
to the extent that, in its sole opinion and with absolute discretion, it can do so and in all other respects it 
shall do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in all the circumstances and will not be 
liable for any loss, liability, cost, charge or expense which may arise as a result thereof. Any such 
determination or calculation made by the Fiscal Agent shall be binding on the Issuer, the Noteholders 
and the Couponholders. 
7. 
Reset Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes if the Reset Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates: Each Reset Note bears interest: 
(i) 
from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date until (but excluding) the First Reset Date 
at the Initial Rate of Interest; 
(ii) 
from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) the Second Reset Date or, if no 
such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Maturity Date at the rate 
per annum equal to the First Reset Rate of Interest; and 
(iii) 
for each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter (if any), at the relevant Subsequent Reset Rate of 
Interest, 
payable, in each case, in arrear on each Interest Payment Date and on the Maturity Date if that does not 
fall on an Interest Payment Date. The Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount payable shall be 
determined by the Calculation Agent, (A) in the case of the Rate of Interest, at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, subject to Condition 6(f) (Benchmark 
Replacement) and (B) in the case of the Interest Amount in accordance with the provisions for calculating 
amounts of interest in Condition 6 (Floating Rate Note and Benchmark Replacement). 
(c) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: This Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion) is only 
applicable if Reset Reference Rate Conversion is specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The First Reset Rate of Interest and, if applicable, each Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest will be 
converted from the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to a basis which matches the frequency of Interest Payment Dates in respect of the relevant Notes. 
For the purposes of the Conditions, with regard to the Reset Notes: 
"First Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"First Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 121 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 115 - 
47-41043353 
 
"First Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the First Reset Date until (but excluding) 
the Second Reset Date or, if no such Second Reset Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Maturity Date; 
"First Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the rate of interest determined 
by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap 
Rate and the First Margin, subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion); 
"Initial Rate of Interest" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate" means for any Reset Period the mean of the bid and offered rates for the 
fixed leg payable with a frequency equivalent to the Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis 
(calculated on the day count basis customary for fixed rate payments in the Specified Currency as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) of a fixed-for-floating interest rate swap transaction in the 
Specified Currency which transaction (i) has a term equal to the relevant Reset Period and commencing 
on the relevant Reset Date, (ii) is in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in the relevant 
market at the relevant time with an acknowledged dealer of good credit in the swap market and (iii) has 
a floating leg based on the Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate for the Mid-Swap Maturity (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) (calculated on the day count basis customary for floating rate 
payments in the Specified Currency as determined by the Calculation Agent); 
"Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation" means a quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for 
the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate; 
"Mid-Swap Floating Leg Benchmark Rate" means EURIBOR if the Specified Currency is euro; 
"Mid-Swap Rate" means, in relation to a Reset Determination Date and subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset 
Reference Rate Conversion), either: 
(i) 
if Single Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the rate for swaps in the 
Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appears on the Relevant Screen Page; or 
(ii) 
if Mean Mid-Swap Rate is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the arithmetic mean 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum and rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per 
cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the bid and offered swap rate quotations for 
swaps in the Specified Currency: 
(A) 
with a term equal to the relevant Reset Period; and 
(B) 
commencing on the relevant Reset Date, 
which appear on the Relevant Screen Page, 
in either case, as of approximately 11.00 a.m. in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
on such Reset Determination Date, all as determined by the Calculation Agent; 
"Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis" has the meaning specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. The Original Reset Reference Rate Payment Basis shall be annual, semi-annual, quarterly or 
monthly; 
"Rate of Interest" means the Initial Rate of Interest, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent 
Reset Rate of Interest, as applicable;

--- Page 122 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 116 - 
47-41043353 
 
"Reset Date" means the First Reset Date, the Second Reset Date and each Subsequent Reset Date (as 
applicable); 
"Reset Determination Date" means, in respect of the First Reset Period, the second Business Day prior 
to the First Reset Date, in respect of the first Subsequent Reset Period, the second Business Day prior to 
the Second Reset Date and, in respect of each Subsequent Reset Period thereafter, the second Business 
Day prior to the first day of each such Subsequent Reset Period; 
"Reset Period" means the First Reset Period or a Subsequent Reset Period, as the case may be; 
"Second Reset Date" means the date specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Margin" means the margin specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Date" means the date or dates specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Subsequent Reset Period" means the period from (and including) the Second Reset Date to (but 
excluding) the next Subsequent Reset Date, and each successive period from (and including) a 
Subsequent Reset Date to (but excluding) the next succeeding Subsequent Reset Date; and 
"Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest" means, in respect of any Subsequent Reset Period and subject to 
Condition 7(d) (Fallbacks), the rate of interest determined by the Calculation Agent on the relevant Reset 
Determination Date as the sum of the relevant Mid-Swap Rate and the relevant Subsequent Margin, 
subject to Condition 7(c) (Reset Reference Rate Conversion). 
(d) 
Fallbacks: If on any Reset Determination Date the Relevant Screen Page is not available or the Mid-
Swap Rate does not appear on the Relevant Screen Page, the Calculation Agent shall, subject as provided 
in Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement), request each of the Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Calculation Agent with its Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as of approximately 11.00 a.m. 
in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency on the Reset Determination Date in question. 
If two or more of the Reference Banks provide the Calculation Agent with Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations, the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) for 
the relevant Reset Period shall be the sum of the arithmetic mean (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
0.001 per cent. (0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) of the relevant Mid-Market Swap Rate 
Quotations and the First Margin or Subsequent Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. 
If on any Reset Determination Date only one or none of the Reference Banks provides the Calculation 
Agent with a Mid-Market Swap Rate Quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, 
the First Reset Rate of Interest or the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest (as applicable) shall be 
determined to be the sum of (as applicable) the First Margin (in the case of the First Reset Rate of Interest) 
or the Subsequent Margin (in the case of the Subsequent Reset Rate of Interest) and the relevant Mid-
Swap Rate as of the last preceding Reset Date or, in the case of the first Reset Determination Date, the 
First Reset Rate of Interest shall be the Initial Rate of Interest. 
For the purposes of this Condition 7 (Reset Note Provisions), "Reference Banks" means the principal 
office in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency of four major banks in the swap, money, 
securities or other market most closely connected with the relevant Mid-Swap Rate as selected by the 
Issuer. 
8. 
Inflation Linked Note 
This Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Note) is applicable to the Notes only if the Inflation Linked Notes 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
(i) 
Rate of Interest – Inflation Linked Notes

--- Page 123 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 117 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes, for 
each Interest Period, shall be determined by the Calculation Agent, or other party specified in 
the Final Terms, on the relevant Determination Date in accordance with the following formula: 
Rate of Interest = [[Index Factor]*[YoY] Inflation] + Margin 
subject to the Minimum Rate of Interest or the Maximum Rate of Interest if, in either case, 
designated as applicable in the applicable Final Terms in which case the provisions of paragraph 
(g) above shall apply as appropriate. 
Where: 
"Index Factor" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms, provided that if Index 
Factor is specified as "Not Applicable", the Index Factor shall be deemed to be equal to one; 
"Inflation Index" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"[YoY] Inflation" means in respect of the Specified Interest Payment Date falling in month (t), 
the value calculated in accordance with the following formula: 
൤
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡)
𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼𝐼(𝑡𝑡 − 1) − 1൨ 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; 
"Inflation Index (t-1)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year preceding the calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date 
falls; 
"Margin" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; 
"Reference Month" has the meaning given to it in the applicable Final Terms; and 
The Rate of Interest shall be rounded (if necessary) to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards. 
(ii) 
Redemption Amount – [YoY] Inflation Linked Notes 
The Final Redemption Amount payable on the Maturity Date in respect of [YoY] Inflation 
Linked Notes may be i) 100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes or ii) (if so 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) a [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount to be calculated 
on the [Maturity Date/relevant Determination Date] on the basis of the following formula: 
[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount = Aggregate Nominal Amount x (Inflation Index 
(t)/Inflation Index (0))] 
Where: 
"Inflation Index (t)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Specified Interest Payment Date and/or the Maturity Date 
falls; and 
"Inflation Index (0)" means the value of the Inflation Index for the Reference Month in the 
calendar year in which the relevant Issue Date falls.

--- Page 124 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 118 - 
47-41043353 
 
The [YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount may be subject to a minimum or a maximum amount 
(if so specified in the applicable Final Terms) provided that under no circumstances shall the 
Final Redemption Amount be less than the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled in accordance with this Condition 8 
(Inflation Linked Notes) or as specified in the applicable Final Terms and subject to this 
Condition 8 (Inflation Linked Notes), each Inflation Linked Note will bear interest in the manner 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and the Conditions. 
The following provisions apply to Inflation Linked Notes: 
"Additional Disruption Event" means any of Change of Law, Hedging Disruption and/or 
Increased Cost of Hedging, in each case if specified in the applicable Final Terms, and such 
other events (if any) specified as an Additional Disruption Event in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Change of Law" means that, on or after the Trade Date (as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms): 
(A) 
due to the adoption of or any change in any applicable law or regulation (including, 
without limitation, any tax law), or 
(B) 
due to the promulgation of or any change in the interpretation by any court, tribunal or 
regulatory authority with competent jurisdiction of any applicable law or regulation 
(including any action taken by a taxing authority), 
the Calculation Agent determines in its discretion that (i) it has become illegal to hold, acquire 
or dispose of any relevant hedging arrangements in respect of the Inflation Index, or (ii) any 
Hedging Party will incur a materially increased cost in performing its obligations in relation to 
the Notes (including, without limitation, due to any increase in tax liability, decrease in tax 
benefit or other adverse effect on the tax position of the Issuer, any of its affiliates or any other 
Hedging Party). 
"Cut-Off Date" means, in respect of a Determination Date, five (5) Business Days prior to any 
due date for payment under the Notes for which valuation on the relevant Determination Date 
is relevant, unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Delayed Index Level Event" means, in respect of any Determination Date and an Inflation 
Index, that the relevant Inflation Index Sponsor fails to publish or announce the level of such 
Inflation Index (the Relevant Level) in respect of any Reference Month which is to be utilised 
in any calculation or determination to be made by the Issuer in respect of such Determination 
Date, at any time on or prior to the Cut-Off Date. 
"Determination Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"End Date" means each date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Fallback Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, a bond selected by the Calculation 
Agent and issued by the government of the country to whose level of inflation the relevant 
Inflation Index relates and which pays a coupon or redemption amount which is calculated by 
reference to such Inflation Index, with a maturity date which falls on (a) the End Date specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, (b) the next longest maturity after the End Date if there is no such 
bond maturing on the End Date, or (c) the next shortest maturity before the End Date if no bond 
defined in (a) or (b) is selected by the Calculation Agent. If the relevant Inflation Index relates 
to the level of inflation across the European Monetary Union, the Calculation Agent will select 
an inflation-linked bond that is a debt obligation of one of the governments (but not any 
government agency) of France, Italy, Germany or Spain and which pays a coupon or redemption 
amount which is calculated by reference to the level of inflation in the European Monetary 
Union. In each case, the Calculation Agent will select the Fallback Bond from those inflation-

--- Page 125 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 119 - 
47-41043353 
 
linked bonds issued on or before the Issue Date and, if there is more than one inflation-linked 
bond maturing on the same date, the Fallback Bond shall be selected by the Calculation Agent 
from those bonds. If the Fallback Bond redeems, the Calculation Agent will select a new 
Fallback Bond on the same basis, but notwithstanding the immediately prior sentence, selected 
from all eligible bonds in issue at the time the original Fallback Bond redeems (including any 
bond for which the redeemed bond is exchanged). 
"Hedging Disruption" means that any Hedging Party is unable, after using commercially 
reasonable efforts, to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, maintain, unwind or dispose 
of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the relevant price risk of the Issuer 
issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) freely realise, recover, 
remit, receive, repatriate or transfer the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), as 
determined by the Calculation Agent. 
"Hedging Party" means at any relevant time, the Issuer, or any of its affiliates or any other 
party providing the Issuer directly or indirectly with hedging arrangements in relation to the 
Notes as the Issuer may select at such time. 
"Increased Cost of Hedging" means that any Hedging Party would incur a materially increased 
(as compared with circumstances existing on the Trade Date) amount of tax, duty, expense or 
fee (other than brokerage commissions) to (a) acquire, establish, re-establish, substitute, 
maintain, unwind or dispose of any transaction(s) or asset(s) it deems necessary to hedge the 
market risk (including, without limitation, price risk, foreign exchange risk and interest rate risk) 
of the Issuer issuing and performing its obligations with respect to the Notes, or (b) realise, 
recover or remit the proceeds of any such transaction(s) or asset(s), provided that any such 
materially increased amount that is incurred solely due to the deterioration of the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer and/or any of its affiliates shall not be deemed an Increased Cost 
of Hedging. 
"Inflation Index" means each inflation index specified in the applicable Final Terms and related 
expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
"Inflation Index Sponsor" means, in relation to an Inflation Index, the entity that publishes or 
announces (directly or through an agent) the level of such Inflation Index which, as of the Issue 
Date, is the Inflation Index Sponsor specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
"Reference Month" means the calendar month for which the level of the Inflation Index is 
reported as specified in the applicable Final Terms, regardless of when this information is 
published or announced, except that if the period for which the Relevant Level was reported is 
a period other than a month, the Reference Month shall be the period for which the Relevant 
Level is reported. 
"Related Bond" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the bond specified as such in the 
applicable Final Terms. If the Related Bond specified in the applicable Final Terms is "Fallback 
Bond", then, for any Related Bond determination, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback 
Bond. If no bond is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the Related Bond and "Fallback 
Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
If a bond is specified as the Related Bond in the applicable Final Terms and that bond redeems 
or matures before the End Date (i) unless "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall use the Fallback Bond for any Related Bond 
determination and (ii) if "Fallback Bond: Not Applicable" is specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, there will be no Related Bond. 
"Relevant Level" has the meaning set out in the definition of "Delayed Index Level Event" 
above.

--- Page 126 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 120 - 
47-41043353 
 
(iv) 
Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions 
(A) 
Delay in Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that a Delayed Index Level Event in respect of an 
Inflation Index has occurred with respect to any Determination Date, then the Relevant 
Level for such Inflation Index with respect to the relevant Reference Month subject to 
such Delayed Index Level Event (the "Substitute Index Level") shall be determined 
by the Calculation Agent as follows: 
(1) 
if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in the 
relevant Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall determine the Substitute 
Index Level by reference to the corresponding index level determined under 
the terms and conditions of the relevant Related Bond; 
(2) 
if (I) "Related Bond" is not specified as applicable for such Inflation Index in 
the relevant Final Terms, or (II) the Calculation Agent is not able to determine 
a Substitute Index Level under (i) above, the Calculation Agent shall 
determine the Substitute Index Level by reference to the following formula: 
Substitute Index Level = Base Level x (Latest Level/Reference Level); 
or 
(3) 
otherwise in accordance with any formula specified in the relevant Final 
Terms, 
in each case as of such Determination Date, 
where: 
"Base Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation Index 
(excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant Inflation 
Index Sponsor in respect of the month which is 12 calendar months prior to the month 
for which the Substitute Index Level is being determined. 
"Latest Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the latest level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor prior to the month in respect of which the Substitute Index 
Level is being determined. 
"Reference Level" means, in respect of an Inflation Index, the level of such Inflation 
Index (excluding any "flash" estimates) published or announced by the relevant 
Inflation Index Sponsor in respect of the month that is 12 calendar months prior to the 
month in respect of the Latest Level. 
The Issuer shall give notice to Noteholders, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
of any Substitute Index Level calculated pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(A) (Delay in 
Publication). 
If the Relevant Level (as defined above) is published or announced at any time on or 
after the relevant Cut-off Date, such Relevant Level will not be used in any calculations. 
The Substitute Index Level so determined pursuant to this Condition 8 (Inflation 
Linked Notes) will be the definitive level for that Reference Month. 
(B) 
Cessation of Publication 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the level for the Inflation Index has not been 
published or announced for two (2) consecutive months, the Inflation Index Sponsor

--- Page 127 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 121 - 
47-41043353 
 
announces that it will no longer continue to publish or announce the Inflation Index or 
the Inflation Index Sponsor otherwise cancels the Inflation Index, then the Calculation 
Agent shall determine a successor inflation index (the "Successor Inflation Index") 
(in lieu of any previously applicable Inflation Index) for the purposes of the Inflation 
Linked Notes by using the following methodology: 
(1) 
if at any time (other than after an early redemption or cancellation event has 
been designated by the Calculation Agent pursuant to Condition 8(iv)(B)(5) 
below), a successor inflation index has been designated by the calculation 
agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related Bond, 
such successor inflation index shall be designated a "Successor Inflation 
Index" notwithstanding that any other Successor Inflation Index may 
previously have been determined under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) 
or 8(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(2) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(1) above, and a notice has been given or an announcement has been 
made by the Inflation Index Sponsor, specifying that the Inflation Index will 
be superseded by a replacement Inflation Index specified by the Inflation 
Index Sponsor, and the Calculation Agent determines that such replacement 
index is calculated using the same or substantially similar formula or method 
of calculation as used in the calculation of the previously applicable Inflation 
Index, such replacement index shall be the Inflation Index for purposes of the 
Inflation Linked Notes from the date that such replacement Inflation Index 
comes into effect; 
(3) 
if a Successor Inflation Index has not been determined pursuant to Conditions 
8(iv)(B)(1) or 8(iv)(B)(2) above, the Calculation Agent shall ask five leading 
independent dealers to state what the replacement index for the Inflation 
Index should be. If four or five responses are received and, of those four or 
five responses, three or more leading independent dealers state the same index, 
this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If three responses 
are received and two or more leading independent dealers state the same index, 
this index will be deemed the "Successor Inflation Index". If fewer than three 
responses are received or no Successor Inflation Index is determined pursuant 
to this Condition 8(iv)(B)(3), the Calculation Agent will proceed to Condition 
8(iv)(B)(4) below; 
(4) 
if no replacement index or Successor Inflation Index has been determined 
under Conditions 8(iv)(B)(1), 8(iv)(B)(2), 8(iv)(B)(3) above by the next 
occurring Cut-Off Date, the Calculation Agent, subject as provided below, 
will determine an appropriate alternative index from such Cut-Off Date, and 
such index will be deemed a "Successor Inflation Index"; or 
(5) 
if the Calculation Agent determines that there is no appropriate alternative 
index in relation to Inflation Linked Notes, on giving notice to Noteholders 
in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), the Issuer shall redeem or cancel, 
as applicable all but not some only of the Inflation Linked Notes, each 
Inflation Linked Note being redeemed or cancelled, as applicable by payment 
of the relevant Early Redemption Amount. Payments will be made in such 
manner as shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
19 (Notices). 
(C) 
Rebasing of the Inflation Index 
If the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index has been or will be rebased 
at any time, the Inflation Index as so rebased (the "Rebased Index") will be used for 
purposes of determining the level of the Inflation Index from the date of such rebasing; 
provided, however, that the Calculation Agent shall make adjustments as are made by 
the calculation agent (or equivalent) pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Related

--- Page 128 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 122 - 
47-41043353 
 
Bond, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, to the 
levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect the same rate of 
inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased, or, if "Related Bond" is not 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Calculation Agent shall make 
adjustments to the levels of the Rebased Index so that the Rebased Index levels reflect 
the same rate of inflation as the Inflation Index before it was rebased. 
(D) 
Material Modification Prior to Last Occurring Cut-Off 
If, on or prior to the last occurring Cut-Off Date, the Inflation Index Sponsor announces 
that it will make a material change to the Inflation Index then the Calculation Agent 
shall make any such adjustments, if "Related Bond" is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, consistent with adjustments made to the Related Bond, or, if 
"Related Bond" is not specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, only those 
adjustments to the Inflation Index necessary for the modified Inflation Index to 
continue as the Inflation Index. 
(E) 
Manifest Error in Publication 
With the exception of any corrections published after the day which is three (3) 
Business Days prior to the relevant Maturity Date, if, within thirty (30) calendar days 
of publication, the Calculation Agent determines that the Inflation Index Sponsor has 
corrected the level of the Inflation Index to remedy a manifest error in its original 
publication, the Calculation Agent may, in its discretion, make such adjustments to the 
terms of the Inflation Linked Notes as it determines appropriate to account for the 
correction and will notify the Noteholders of any such adjustments in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices). 
(F) 
Consequences of an Additional Disruption Event 
If the Calculation Agent determines that an Additional Disruption Event has occurred, 
the Issuer may at its option: 
(1) 
require the Calculation Agent to determine in its sole and absolute discretion 
the appropriate adjustment, if any, to be made to any terms of the Conditions 
and/or the applicable Final Terms to account for the Additional Disruption 
Event and determine the effective date of that adjustment; or 
(2) 
redeem or cancel, as applicable, all but not some of the Inflation Linked Notes 
on the date notified by the Calculation Agent to Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 19 (Notices) by payment of the relevant Early Redemption 
Amount, as of the date of redemption or cancellation, as applicable, taking 
into account the relevant Additional Disruption Event. The redemption or 
cancellation referred to in this Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay and 
Disruption Provisions) shall be subject to (i) in case of Senior Notes and 
Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes) and (ii) in case of Subordinated Notes, Condition 10(n) 
(Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
(G) 
Inflation Index Disclaimer 
The Notes are not sponsored, endorsed, sold or promoted by the Inflation Index or the 
Inflation Index Sponsor and the Inflation Index Sponsor does not make any 
representation whatsoever, whether express or implied, either as to the results to be 
obtained from the use of the Inflation Index and/or the levels at which the Inflation 
Index stands at any particular time on any particular date or otherwise. Neither the 
Inflation Index nor the Inflation Index Sponsor shall be liable (whether in negligence 
or otherwise) to any person for any error in the Inflation Index and the Inflation Index

--- Page 129 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 123 - 
47-41043353 
 
Sponsor is under no obligation to advise any person of any error therein. The Inflation 
Index Sponsor is not making any representation whatsoever, whether express or 
implied, as to the advisability of purchasing or assuming any risk in connection with 
the Notes. The Issuer shall have liability to the Noteholders for any act or failure to act 
by the Inflation Index Sponsor in connection with the calculation, adjustment or 
maintenance of the Inflation Index. Except as disclosed prior to the Issue Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, neither the Issuer nor its affiliates has any 
affiliation with or control over the Inflation Index or the Inflation Index Sponsor or 
any control over the computation, composition or dissemination of the Inflation Index. 
Although the Calculation Agent will obtain information concerning the Inflation Index 
from publicly available sources it believes reliable, it will not independently verify this 
information. Accordingly, no representation, warranty or undertaking (express or 
implied) is made and no responsibility is accepted by the Issuer, its affiliates or the 
Calculation Agent as to the accuracy, completeness and timeliness of information 
concerning the Inflation Index. 
9. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
(a) 
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Notes only if the Zero 
Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to 
the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
on the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but 
excluding) whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due 
in respect of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent 
default in payment). 
10. 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). 
Pursuant to Article 12-bis, paragraph 1, letter a), of the Consolidated Banking Act, the Maturity Date of 
the Senior Non-Preferred Notes shall not fall earlier than twelve months after their Issue Date. 
The Maturity Date of Subordinated Notes shall not fall earlier than five years after their Issue Date, as 
provided under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(a) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(a) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(b) 
Redemption for tax reasons: The Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not in 
part: 
(i) 
at any time (if neither the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable); or

--- Page 130 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 124 - 
47-41043353 
 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions or the Inflation Linked Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days' notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date 
fixed for redemption, if the Issuer satisfies the Fiscal Agent immediately prior to the giving of the notice 
by the Issuer referred to above that it has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any authority or agency thereof or 
therein, or any change in the application or interpretation or administration of such laws or regulations, 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first Tranche of the 
Notes; and such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it 
(any such event, a "Tax Event"). 
At least 15 days prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two duly authorised officers of the Issuer stating 
that the Issuer is entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the 
conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred (and such evidence shall be 
sufficient to the Fiscal Agent and conclusive and binding on the Noteholders). Upon the expiry of any 
such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Notes in 
accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(b) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(c) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days' notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Notes or, as the 
case may be, the Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date). 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, no Call Option in accordance with this Condition 10(c) (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) may be exercised by the Issuer to redeem, in whole or in part, such Notes 
prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date. After the fifth anniversary of such Issue Date, the 
redemption referred to in this Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject 
to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of 
Subordinated Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions 
for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(d) 
Partial redemption: If Notes are to be redeemed in part only on any date in accordance with Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), the Notes to be redeemed shall be selected by the drawing 
of lots in such place as the Fiscal Agent approves and in such manner as the Fiscal Agent considers 
appropriate, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of each stock exchange on which 
the Notes are then listed, and the notice to Noteholders referred to in Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer) shall specify the serial numbers of the Notes so to be redeemed. If any Maximum 
Redemption Amount or Minimum Redemption Amount is specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the 
Optional Redemption Amount (Call) shall in no event be greater than the maximum or be less than the 
minimum so specified.

--- Page 131 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 125 - 
47-41043353 
 
(e) 
Clean-up redemption at the option of the Issuer: If a clean-up redemption option (the "Clean-Up 
Redemption Option") is specified as applicable in the Final Terms, and if 75 per cent. or any higher 
percentage specified in the relevant Final Terms (the "Clean-Up Percentage") of the initial aggregate 
nominal amount of the Notes of the same Series (which for the avoidance of doubt includes, any 
additional Notes issued subsequently and forming a single series with the first Tranche of a particular 
Series of Notes) have been redeemed or purchased by, or on behalf of, the Issuer and cancelled, the Issuer 
may at any time, at its option, and having given to the Noteholders not less than 5 nor more than 30 
calendar days' notice (the "Clean-Up Redemption Notice"), in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem such 
outstanding Notes, in whole but not in part, at their clan-up redemption amount ("Clean-Up Redemption 
Amount") together, if appropriate, with accrued interest to (but excluding) the date of redemption, on 
the date fixed for redemption identified in the Clean-Up Redemption Notice. 
In the case of Subordinated Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 10(b) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated 
Notes). 
In the case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes, the redemption referred to in this Condition 
10(e) shall be subject to Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or 
repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(f) 
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: 
This provision is not applicable to Senior Non-Preferred Notes and Subordinated Notes. 
If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the 
option of the Holder of any Note, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in 
the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest 
(if any) accrued to such date. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions applicable to any Put 
Option and must be read in conjunction with this Condition 10(f) for full information on any Put Option. 
In particular, the applicable Final Terms will identify the Optional Redemption Date (Put), the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) and the applicable notice periods. 
If the Put Option is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Holder of any Note 
must, in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices), not less than the minimum period nor more than the 
maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, deposit with the Fiscal Agent such 
Note together with all unmatured Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in 
the form obtainable from the Fiscal Agent. The Fiscal Agent, with which a Note is so deposited, shall 
immediately notify the Issuer and shall deliver a duly completed Put Option Receipt to the depositing 
Holder. No Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put Option Notice in accordance with this 
Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that 
if, prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), 
payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the Fiscal Agent shall mail 
notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by such 
Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Note at its Specified Office for 
collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so long 
as any outstanding Note is held by the Fiscal Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(f) (Redemption 
at the option of Noteholders), the depositor of such Note and not the Fiscal Agent shall be deemed to be 
the holder of Note for all purposes. 
(g) 
Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call): If a Regulatory Call is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and if the Issuer notifies the Noteholders of the occurrence of a 
Regulatory Event, the Issuer may redeem such Subordinated Notes, in whole but not in part, at the Early 
Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms, together with any accrued but unpaid 
interest to the date fixed for redemption, provided that (to the extent required by applicable law or 
regulation):

--- Page 132 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 126 - 
47-41043353 
 
(A) 
the Issuer has given not less than the minimum period nor more than the maximum 
period of notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Noteholders of such Subordinated Notes 
(such notice being irrevocable) specifying the date fixed for such redemption; and 
(B) 
the circumstance that entitles the Issuer to exercise this right of redemption of the 
relevant Subordinated Notes was not reasonably foreseeable at the relevant Issue Date. 
Upon the expiry of such notice period, the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Subordinated Notes 
accordingly. 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes for regulatory 
reasons (Regulatory Call)) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes). 
(h) 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event: If redemption at the option of the Issuer due to a MREL Disqualification Event 
is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given not less than 
the minimum period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) (which notice shall specify the date fixed 
for redemption)and the Fiscal Agent, redeem the Senior Notes or the Senior Non-Preferred Notes, in 
whole but not in part, then outstanding at any time (if the Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note or an Index-Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Senior Note or the Senior Non-Preferred Note is a Floating Rate Note or 
an Index-Linked Interest Note or a Dual Currency Interest Note), if the Issuer determines that a MREL 
Disqualification Event has occurred and is continuing. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred 
to in this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event), the Issuer shall redeem the Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event). 
The redemption referred to in this Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior 
Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification Event) shall be subject to 
Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes 
and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(i) 
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Notes otherwise than as provided in 
paragraphs (a) to (f) above. 
(j) 
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i) 
the Reference Price; and 
(ii) 
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation 
in respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as 
may be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) (Early redemption of Zero 
Coupon Notes) or, if none is so specified, a Day Count Fraction of Actual/Actual (or 30/360 if such 
request is made to and accepted by the respective Issuer). 
(k) 
Purchase: The Issuer may at any time purchase Notes in the open market or otherwise and at any price, 
provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Such Notes may be held, resold or, at the 
option of the purchaser, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. The Issuer may not purchase 
Subordinated Notes prior to the fifth anniversary of their Issue Date, except in the cases contemplated 
under Article 78(4) of the CRR, including, without limitation, repurchases made for market making 
purposes (where applicable), where the conditions set out in Article 29(3) of the Delegated Regulation

--- Page 133 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 127 - 
47-41043353 
 
are met and in particular with respect to the predetermined amount defined by the Relevant Authority, 
which according to Article 29(3)(b) of the Delegated Regulation may not exceed the lower of: (i) 10% 
of the amount of the relevant issuance; and (ii) 3% of the total amount of Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding, or such other amount permitted to be purchased for market making 
purposes under the Applicable Banking Regulations. Also the repurchases referred to in this Condition 
10(k) (Purchase) shall be subject to Condition 10(n) (Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, 
repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes) and Condition 10(o) (Regulatory conditions for call, 
redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes). 
(l) 
Cancellation: All Notes so redeemed by the Issuer and any unmatured Coupons attached to or 
surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
(m) 
Redemption Amount: For the avoidance of doubt, in no event will the Redemption Amount of any Notes 
issued by the Issuer be lower than the principal amount of the Notes. 
(n) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Subordinated Notes: In the case 
of Subordinated Notes, any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of such Notes in accordance with 
Condition 8(a)(iv) (Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for 
tax reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(g) (Redemption of 
Subordinated Notes for regulatory purposes (Regulatory Call)), or Condition 10(k) (Purchase) is subject 
to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, including: 
(i) 
the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in accordance with 
Articles 77 and 78 of the CRR, where either: 
(A) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer 
replaces the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that 
are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(B) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own 
Funds would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed the 
capital requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations by a margin that 
the Relevant Authority considers necessary; and 
(ii) 
in respect of a call, redemption repayment or repurchase prior to the fifth anniversary of the 
Issue Date of the relevant Notes, if and to the extent required under Article 78(4) of the CRR or 
the Capital Instruments Regulation: 
(A) 
in the case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the 
change in the applicable tax treatment of the Notes is material and was not reasonably 
foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(B) 
in case of redemption pursuant to Condition 10(g) (Redemption of Subordinated Notes 
for regulatory reasons (Regulatory Call)), the Issuer has demonstrated to the 
satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the change in the regulatory classification 
of the Notes was not reasonably foreseeable as of the Issue Date; or 
(C) 
on or before the relevant call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, the Issuer replaces 
the Notes with Own Funds instruments of equal or higher quality at terms that are 
sustainable for its income capacity and the Relevant Authority has permitted that action 
on the basis of the determination that it would be beneficial from a prudential point of 
view and justified by exceptional circumstances; or 
(D) 
the Subordinated Notes are repurchased for market making purposes, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time 
to time under the Applicable Banking Regulations

--- Page 134 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 128 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) the Subordinated Notes, 
in the limit of a predetermined amount, which shall not exceed the lower of (i) 10 per cent. (or any other 
threshold as may be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant Subordinated Notes and (ii) 3 per cent. (or any other threshold as may 
be requested or required by the Relevant Authority from time to time) of the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the Tier 2 Instruments of the Issuer at the relevant time, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out at letters (A) and 
(B) of sub-paragraph (i) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78 of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
(o) 
Regulatory conditions for call, redemption, repayment or repurchase of Senior Notes and Senior Non-
Preferred Notes: Any call, redemption, repayment or repurchase in accordance with Condition 8(a)(iv) 
(Inflation Index Delay And Disruption Provisions), Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(k) (Purchase), or Condition 10(h) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event) of Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes is subject, to the extent such 
Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes qualify at such time as liabilities that are eligible to meet 
the MREL Requirements or, in case of a redemption pursuant to Condition 10(h) (Redemption at the 
option of the Issuer of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event), qualified as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements before the occurrence of 
the MREL Disqualification Event, to compliance with the then Applicable Banking Regulations, 
including the condition that the Issuer has obtained the prior permission of the Relevant Authority in 
accordance with article 78a of the CRR, where one of the following conditions is met: 
(i) 
on or before such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase (as applicable), the Issuer replaces 
the Senior Notes with Own Funds Instruments or Eligible Liabilities Instruments of equal or 
higher quality at terms that are sustainable for its income capacity; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that its Own Funds and 
Eligible Liabilities would, following such call, redemption, repayment or repurchase, exceed 
the requirements for Own Funds and Eligible Liabilities laid down in the Applicable Banking 
Regulations by a margin that the Relevant Authority considers necessary; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer has demonstrated to the satisfaction of the Relevant Authority that the partial or full 
replacement of the Eligible Liabilities with Own Funds Instruments is necessary to ensure 
compliance with the Own Funds requirements laid down in the Applicable Banking Regulations 
for continuing authorization, 
subject in any event to any different conditions or requirements as may be provided from time to time 
under the Applicable Banking Regulations. 
The Relevant Authority may grant a general prior permission, for a specified period which shall not 
exceed one year, to redeem or purchase (including for market making purposes) Senior Notes or Senior 
Non-Preferred Notes, in the limit of a predetermined amount, instruments, subject to criteria that ensure 
that any such redemption or purchase will be in accordance with the conditions set out in subparagraphs 
(i) and (ii) of the preceding paragraph. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any refusal of the Relevant Authority to grant its permission in accordance 
with Article 78a of the CRR shall not constitute a default of the Issuer for any purposes. 
11. 
Payments 
(a) 
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States 
by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account denominated 
in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited or 
transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency.

--- Page 135 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 129 - 
47-41043353 
 
(b) 
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to Condition 10(i) (Payments other than in respect of matured 
Coupons) be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the 
appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner 
described in paragraph (a) above. 
(c) 
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a 
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of the 
full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded by 
exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United States 
law. 
(d) 
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Notes are subject in all cases to (i) any 
applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Section 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulation or agreements 
thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach 
thereto. No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect 
of such payments. 
(e) 
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Note is presented for payment on redemption without all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto: 
(i) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted 
will be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross 
amount actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii) 
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment such missing Coupons shall become void. 
Each sum of principal deducted pursuant to (i) above shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph 
(a) above against presentation and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant 
missing Coupons. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Floating Rate Note Provisions 
or the Inflation Linked Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Note 
or early redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 
10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders) 
or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(g) 
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon 
is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in 
such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall 
not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(h) 
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of 
matured Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Notes at the Specified Office 
of any Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by Condition 10(c) (Payments 
in New York City) above). 
(i) 
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Note or Coupon presented 
to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and date of 
such payment.

--- Page 136 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 130 - 
47-41043353 
 
(j) 
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was of the time of 
issue) part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may 
be exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if 
appropriate, a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become 
void pursuant to Condition 14 (Prescription)). Upon the due date for redemption of any Note, any 
unexchanged Talon relating to such Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect 
of such Talon. 
12. 
Taxation 
(a) 
Gross up: All payments of principal (if applicable) and interest in respect of the Notes and the Coupons 
(if any) by the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, or on 
account of, any taxes, unless such withholding or deduction is required by law. In that event, the Issuer 
shall pay such additional amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders (if relevant) after such withholding or deduction shall be equal to 
the amounts of principal, in case of Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes not qualifying at such 
time as liabilities that are eligible to meet the MREL Requirements only, and interest, in case of any 
Notes, and which would otherwise have been receivable by them if no such withholding or deduction 
had been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any payment of 
any interest or principal either: 
(i) 
for or on account of Imposta Sostitutiva (at the then applicable rate of tax) pursuant to Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996 (as amended), the "Legislative Decree No. 239" or, 
for the avoidance of doubt, Italian Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 1997 (as 
amended by Italian Legislative Decree No. 201 of 16 June 1998) (as any of the same may be 
amended or supplemented) or any related implementing regulations and in all circumstances in 
which the procedures set forth in Legislative Decree No. 239 in order to benefit from a tax 
exemption have not been met or complied with except where such procedures have not been 
met or complied with due to the actions or omissions of the Issuer or its agents; or 
(ii) 
with respect to any Notes or Coupons presented for payment: 
(A) 
in the Republic of Italy; or 
(B) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in respect of such Note 
or Coupon by reason of his having some connection with the Republic of Italy other 
than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon; or 
(C) 
by or on behalf of a holder who is entitled to avoid such withholding or deduction in 
respect of such Note or Coupon by making, or procuring, a declaration of 
non-residence or other similar claim for exemption but has failed to do so; or 
(D) 
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the relevant holder 
would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting such Note or Coupon 
for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Business Day; or 
(E) 
in the event of payment to a non-Italian resident legal entity or a non-Italian resident 
individual, to the extent that interest or other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident 
legal entity or a non-Italian resident individual which is resident in a country which 
does not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information for the purposes of Article 6 
of Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April, 1996 not included in the list of 
Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996 as amended and supplemented from time to 
time in respect of the beneficiary of the payments made from Italy; or 
(F) 
in respect of Notes classified as of atypical securities where such withholding or 
deduction is required under Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended 
and supplemented from time to time. 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to 
withhold or deduct any amounts required by the rules of Sections 1471 through 1474 of the

--- Page 137 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 131 - 
47-41043353 
 
Code, any regulation or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto ("FATCA Withholding") as a result of a 
holder, beneficial owner or an intermediary that is not an agent of the Issuer not being entitled 
to receive payments free of FATCA Withholding. The Issuer will have no obligation to pay 
additional amounts or otherwise indemnify an investor for any such FATCA Withholding 
deducted or withheld by the Issuer, the paying agent or any other party. 
(b) 
Taxing jurisdiction: If payments made by the Issuer becomes subject to withholding tax as a result of the 
Issuer becoming resident, whether for tax purposes or otherwise, in any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Republic of Italy, references in these Conditions to the Republic of Italy shall be construed as references 
to such other jurisdiction instead of the Republic of Italy. 
13. 
Events of Default 
In the event of compulsory winding-up (liquidazione coatta amministrativa) of the Issuer pursuant to 
Articles 80 and following of the Consolidated Banking Act or voluntary winding-up (liquidazione 
volontaria) in accordance with Article 96-quinquies of the Consolidated Banking Act, then any Note 
may, by written notice addressed by the holder thereof to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent, be declared immediately due and payable, whereupon it shall 
become immediately due and payable at its outstanding principal amount together with accrued interest 
(if any) without further action or formality. 
No remedy against the Issuer other than as specifically provided by this Condition 13 (Events of Default) 
shall be available to the Fiscal Agent or to the holders of the Notes and the related Coupons, whether for 
the recovery of amounts owing in respect of the Notes and the related Coupons or in respect of any breach 
by the Issuer of any of its obligations under the Notes and the related Coupons or otherwise. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the non-payment by the Issuer of any amount due and payable under these 
Notes, or the taking of any crisis prevention measure or crisis management measure in relation to the 
Issuer in accordance with the BRRD, is not an event of default. 
14. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment of principal and interest in respect of the Notes will be prescribed 
and become void unless made, in the case of principal, within ten years or, in the case of interest, five 
years after the Relevant Date. 
15. 
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the Specified 
Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Notes are then listed on any stock exchange which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in 
the place required by such stock exchange), subject to all applicable laws and stock exchange 
requirements, upon payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such 
replacement and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may 
reasonably require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements 
will be issued. 
16. 
Paying Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Notes and the Coupons, the Paying 
Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship of 
agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation 
Agent (if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal agent or Calculation 
Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that: 
(a) 
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent;

--- Page 138 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 132 - 
47-41043353 
 
(b) 
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; 
(c) 
if and for so long as the Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by 
any competent authority, 
stock 
exchange 
and/or 
quotation 
system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent 
having its Specified Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange 
and/or quotation system; and 
Notice of any change in the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices). 
17. 
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a) 
Meetings of Noteholders: The Conditions may not be amended without the prior approval of the Relevant 
Authority (if applicable). The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Notes, including the modification of any provision of 
these Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. 
Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the request in writing 
of Noteholders holding not less than one-tenth of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes. 
The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more Persons 
holding or representing one more than half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes 
or, at any adjourned meeting, two or more Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
principal amount of the Notes held or represented; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only 
be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which two or more 
Persons holding or representing not less than three-quarters or, at any adjourned meeting, one quarter of 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution 
duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the Noteholders and Couponholders, whether 
present or not. 
(b) 
Modification: The Notes, these Conditions and the Deed of Covenant may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to 
the Agency Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, 
it is made to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to 
the interests of the Noteholders. 
(c) 
This Condition 17(c) applies to Subordinated Notes. If at any time a Tax Event or a Regulatory Event 
occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 23 (Acknowledgment 
of Bail-in Power), then the Issuer may, subject to giving any notice required to, and receiving consent 
from, the Relevant Authority (without any requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of 
Subordinated Notes of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) 
days' notice to the Fiscal Agent and the Holders of Subordinated Notes of that Series (which notice shall 
be irrevocable), at any time vary the terms of such Subordinated Notes so that they remain or, as 
appropriate, become, Qualifying Subordinated Securities, provided that such variation does not itself 
give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied securities that would otherwise provide the Issuer 
with a right of redemption pursuant to the provisions of Subordinated Notes. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 17(c) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such matters. 
(d) 
This Condition 17(d) applies to Senior Notes and Senior Non-Preferred Notes. If at any time a MREL 
Disqualification Event occurs and/or in order to ensure the effectiveness and enforceability of Condition 
23 (Acknowledgment of Bail-in Power) with respect to Senior Notes then the Issuer may, subject to giving 
any notice required to be given to, and receiving consent from, the Relevant Authority (without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes 
of that Series) and having given not less than 30 (thirty) nor more than 60 (sixty) days' notice to the Fiscal 
Agent and the Holders of the Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes of that Series, which notice 
shall be irrevocable, at any time vary the terms of such Senior Notes or Senior Non-Preferred Notes so 
that they remain or, as appropriate, become Qualifying Senior Notes or Qualifying Senior Non-Preferred

--- Page 139 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 133 - 
47-41043353 
 
Notes, provided that such variation does not itself give rise to any right of the Issuer to redeem the varied 
securities. 
For the avoidance of doubt, no consent of the Noteholders shall be required for a variation of the Notes 
in accordance with this Condition 17(d) and the Fiscal Agent shall be obliged to effect such matters. 
(e) 
Any variation of the Conditions to give effect to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with 
Condition 6(f) (Benchmark Replacement) shall not require the consent or approval of Noteholders. 
18. 
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects (or in all respects 
other than the Issue Date, Issue Price and/or Interest Commencement Date and/or the first payment of 
interest) so as to form a single series with the Notes. 
19. 
Notices 
To holders of Notes 
Notices to the holders of Notes shall be valid if published (i) in a leading English language daily 
newspaper published in London (which is expected to be the Financial Times), (ii) if and for so long as 
the Notes are admitted to trading on, and listed on the to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, if 
published in a leading English language daily newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg and 
approved by the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (which is expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) and/or 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). Any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on 
the first date on which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders 
shall be deemed for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. 
To Holders of Notes held in a clearing system 
While all the Notes are represented by a Global Note and the Global Note is deposited with a depositary 
or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
Luxembourg ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, notices to Noteholders 
may (to the extent permitted by the rules of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or any other exchange on 
which the Notes are then listed or admitted to trading) be given by delivery of the relevant notice to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. Any such notices 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system. 
20. 
Currency Indemnity 
If any sum due from the Issuer in respect of the Notes or the Coupons or any order or judgment given or 
made in relation thereto has to be converted from the currency (the "first currency") in which the same 
is payable under these Conditions or such order or judgment into another currency (the "second 
currency") for the purpose of (a) making or filing a claim or proof against the Issuer, (b) obtaining an 
order or judgment in any court or other tribunal or (c) enforcing any order or judgment given or made in 
relation to the Notes, the Issuer shall indemnify each Noteholder, on the written demand of such 
Noteholder addressed to the Issuer and delivered to the Issuer or to the Specified Office of the Fiscal 
Agent, against any loss suffered as a result of any discrepancy between (i) the rate of exchange used for 
such purpose to convert the sum in question from the first currency into the second currency and (ii) the 
rate or rates of exchange at which such Noteholder may in the ordinary course of business purchase the 
first currency with the second currency upon receipt of a sum paid to it in satisfaction, in whole or in part, 
of any such order, judgment, claim or proof. 
This indemnity constitutes a separate and independent obligation of the Issuer and shall give rise to a 
separate and independent cause of action.

--- Page 140 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 134 - 
47-41043353 
 
21. 
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Conditions (unless otherwise specified in these 
Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations will be 
rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 per 
cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing law: The Agency Agreement and the rights and obligations in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with each of the foregoing, 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Italian law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has irrevocably agreed, for the benefit of the 
Noteholders and the Couponholders, that the courts of Milan are to have exclusive jurisdiction to hear 
and determine any suit, action or proceedings and to settle any disputes which may arise out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (including any non contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons) (respectively "Proceedings" and "Disputes") and 
accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Nothing contained in this Condition 
22(b) (Jurisdiction) shall limit any right to take Proceedings against the Issuer in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction, nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the 
taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction, whether concurrently or not. 
(c) 
Appropriate forum: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has irrevocably waived any objection which it 
might now or hereafter have to the courts of England being nominated as the forum to hear and determine 
any Proceedings and to settle any Disputes, and has agreed not to claim that any such court is not a 
convenient or appropriate forum. 
(d) 
Consent to enforcement etc: In the Agency Agreement the Issuer has consented generally in respect of 
any Proceedings to the giving of any relief or the issue of any process in connection with such 
Proceedings including (without limitation) the making, enforcement or execution against any property 
whatsoever (irrespective of its use or intended use) of any order or judgment which may be made or 
given in such Proceedings. 
23. 
Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power 
Notwithstanding any provision of these Conditions or any other agreements, arrangements, or 
understandings between the Issuer and any holder of the Notes and without prejudice to Article 55(1) of 
the BRRD, each Noteholder, by virtue of its acquisition of the Notes (whether on issuance or in the 
secondary market), and the Fiscal Agent acknowledges and accepts the existence of, agrees to be bound 
by and consents to: 
(a) 
the effects of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority, which exercise may include 
and result in any of the following, or some combination thereof: 
(i) 
the reduction of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto; 
(ii) 
the conversion of all, or a portion, of the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with 
any accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto, into ordinary shares, other securities or other obligations of the Issuer or another person 
(and the issue to or conferral on the holder of such shares, securities or obligations), including 
by means of an amendment, modification or variation of these Conditions;

--- Page 141 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 135 - 
47-41043353 
 
(iii) 
the cancellation of the Notes or the principal amount in respect of the Notes together with any 
accrued but unpaid interest due thereon and any additional amounts (if any) due in relation 
thereto; and 
(iv) 
the amendment or alteration of the maturity of the Notes or amendment of the amount of interest 
payable on the Notes, or the date on which the interest become payable, including by suspending 
payment for a temporary period; and 
(b) 
the variation of these Conditions, as deemed necessary by the Relevant Authority, to give effect to the 
exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
Each Noteholder further agrees that the rights of the Noteholders are subject to, and will be varied if 
necessary so as to give effect to, the exercise of any Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority. 
24. 
Upon the Issuer becoming aware of the exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with 
respect to the Notes, the Issuer shall provide a notice to the holders of the Notes in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices) as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer shall also deliver a copy of such 
notice to the Fiscal Agent for information purposes. Any delay or failure by the Issuer to give notice shall 
not affect the validity and enforceability of the Bail-In Power nor the effects on the Notes described in 
this Condition 23 (Acknowledgement of Bail-in Power). 
The exercise of the Bail-In Power by the Relevant Authority with respect to the Notes shall not constitute 
an Event of Default and the terms and conditions of the Notes shall continue to apply to the outstanding 
principal amount of the Notes subject to any modification of the amount of interest payments to reflect 
the reduction of the outstanding principal amount, and any further modification of the terms that the 
Relevant Authority may decide in accordance with applicable laws and regulations, including in 
particular the BRRD and the SRM Regulation, and any other relevant provisions under the Applicable 
Banking Regulations. 
Each Noteholder also acknowledges and agrees that this provision is exhaustive on the matters described 
herein to the exclusion of any other agreements, arrangements or understandings relating to the 
application of the Bail-In Power.

--- Page 142 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 136 - 
47-41043353 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (a "Temporary Global 
Note"), without Coupons (as defined herein), or a permanent global note (a "Permanent Global Note"), without 
Coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case may 
be, Permanent Global Note (each a "Global Note") which is not intended to be issued in a new global note form 
(a "Classic Global Note" or "CGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the 
issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV ("Euroclear") and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. ("Clearstream, Luxembourg") and/or any other 
relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in new global note form (a "New 
Global Note" or "NGN"), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date 
of the relevant Tranche of the Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
In June 2006, the European Central Bank (the "ECB") announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance with 
the "Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations" of the central banking 
system for the Euro (the "Eurosystem"), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same time, the 
ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and debt securities in global bearer form issued through Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem operations if 
the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will indicate whether such bearer notes are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility. Any indication that the bearer notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that 
the bearer notes of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such 
recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosysem eligibility criteria. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
"TEFRA C Rules") or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163- 5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "TEFRA D Rules") are 
applicable in relation to the Notes or, if the Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without 
Coupons, not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon certification as to 
non-U.S. beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect 
of the Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global 
Note, the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the prompt delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of 
such Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent 
exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i) 
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the 
order of, the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii) 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership, 
(iii) 
within 7 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
The principal amount of the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of the principal amounts 
specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership; provided, however, that in no circumstances shall 
the principal amount of the Permanent Global Note exceed the initial principal amount of the Temporary Global 
Note.

--- Page 143 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 137 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Notes in definitive form 
("Definitive Notes"): 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default and enforcement) occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) and (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) in case of 
Senior Notes, (1) a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000; (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (1) 
a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations 
are not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (1) a minimum 
denomination of €200,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less 
than €200,000 nor more than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules 
nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes" and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Notes will initially be in the 
form of a Temporary Global Note without Coupons, interests in which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, 
for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Notes upon 
certification as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Notes cannot be collected 
without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
(as defined herein) attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal 
to the principal amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the 
surrender of the Temporary Global Note to, or to the order of, the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange.

--- Page 144 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 138 - 
47-41043353 
 
Where the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, Notes may only be issued in 
denominations which are integral multiples of the minimum denomination and may only be traded in such 
amounts, whether in global or definitive form. 
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Notes as being "Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes", then the Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note without Coupons, 
interests in which will be exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes: 
(i) 
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
at any time, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(iii) 
if the relevant Final Terms specifies "in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global 
Note", then if (a) Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed 
for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an 
intention permanently to cease business or (b) an Event of Default as defined in Condition 13 (Events of 
Default and enforcement) occurs and the Notes become due and payable. 
Where interests in the Permanent Global Note are to be exchanged for Definitive Notes in the circumstances 
described in (i) or (ii) above, Notes may only be issued in denominations which are integral multiples of the 
minimum denomination and may only be traded in such amounts, whether in global or definitive form. As an 
exception to the above rule, where the Permanent Global Note may only be exchanged in the limited circumstances 
described in (iii) above, Notes may be issued in denominations which represent the aggregate of (A) in case of 
Senior Notes, (1) a minimum denomination of €100,000 plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such 
denominations are not less than €100,000 nor more than €199,000; (B) in case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, (1) 
a minimum denomination of €150,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations 
are not less than €150,000 nor more than €299,000; (C) in case of Subordinated Notes, (1) a minimum 
denomination of €200,000, plus (2) integral multiples of €1,000, provided that such denominations are not less 
than €200,000 nor more than €399,000, or such other minimum denomination provided by applicable law from 
time to time. For the avoidance of doubt, each holder of Notes of such denominations will, upon exchange for 
Definitive Notes, receive Definitive Notes in an amount equal to its entitlement to the principal amount 
represented by the Permanent Global Note. However, a Noteholder who holds a principal amount of less than the 
minimum denomination may not receive a Definitive Note and would need to purchase a principal amount of 
Notes such that its holding is an integral multiple of the minimum denomination. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the surrender of the 
Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such exchange. 
Where the Notes are listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and its rules so require, the Issuer will give notice 
of the exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Notes they 
were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Note and will consist of the 
terms and conditions set out under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" above and the provisions of the relevant 
Final Terms which complete those terms and conditions.

--- Page 145 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 139 - 
47-41043353 
 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions which 
would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under "Overview of Provisions Relating 
to the Notes while in Global Form" below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Notes in global form, the Notes 
in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to the following effect: 
"Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code." 
The sections referred to in such legend provide that a United States person who holds a Note, Coupon or Talon 
will generally not be allowed to deduct any loss realised on the sale, exchange or redemption of such Note, Coupon 
or Talon and any gain (which might otherwise be characterised as capital gain) recognised on such sale, exchange 
or redemption will be treated as ordinary income.

--- Page 146 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 140 - 
47-41043353 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
The Final Terms in respect of each Tranche of Notes will be in the following form, completed to reflect the 
particular terms of the relevant Notes and their issue. Text in this section appearing in italics does not form part 
of the form of the Final Terms but denotes directions for completing the Final Terms. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU ("MiFID II"); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended and superseded, the " Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the "PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS Regulation.]1 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS - The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); (ii) a customer within the meaning of 
the provisions of the Financial Services Market Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "MiFID II")]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] 
(a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPS only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
[Notes] has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the [Notes] is eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"), only; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the [Notes] to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the [Notes] (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the [Notes] (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1 
Legend to be included on front of the Final Terms if the Notes potentially constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared or the issuer wishes to prohibit offers to EEA retail investors for any other reason, 
in which case the selling restriction should be specified to be "Applicable".

--- Page 147 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 141 - 
47-41043353 
 
[Notification under Section 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (the 
"SFA") - Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the SFA, 
the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that 
the Notes are "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets 
Products) Regulations 2018 of Singapore) and "Excluded Investment Products" (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 
04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-N16: Notice on Recommendations on 
Investment Products).] 
Final Terms dated [] 
illimity Bank S.p.A. 
[incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy with its registered office at []] 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the [Terms and Conditions of the 
English Law Notes] [Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law Notes] set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 24 
November 2022 [and the supplement to the Base Prospectus dated []][, which [together] constitute[s] a base 
prospectus for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the "Prospectus Regulation"), to the extent such 
amendments have been implemented in a relevant Member State. This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the Notes described herein for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in 
conjunction with the Base Prospectus [as so supplemented].] 2 Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the 
Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus [and the 
supplement dated []]. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] [is/are] available for viewing at the registered 
office[s] of the Issuer at []. The Base Prospectus [and the supplement] and, in the case of Notes admitted to 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).] 
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable" (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the 
sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for 
completing the Final Terms.) 
1. 
Series Number: 
[] 
 
Tranche Number: 
[] 
 
Date on which the Notes become fungible 
Not Applicable / The Notes will be consolidated, form 
a single Series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with (identify earlier Tranches) on [the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred to 
in paragraph [30] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]] 
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
 
(i) 
Series: 
[] 
 
2In case of unlisted notes, references to requirements under the Prospectus Regulation must be deleted.

--- Page 148 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 142 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [] (insert date, if applicable)] 
5. 
Specified Denominations: 
[] [and integral multiples of [] in excess thereof up 
to and including []. No Notes in definitive form will 
be issued with a denomination above [].] 
 
 
(Unless paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) below 
specifies that the Global Note is to be exchanged for 
Definitive Notes "in the limited circumstances 
described in the Permanent Global Note", Notes may 
only be issued in denominations which are integral 
multiples of the minimum denomination and may only 
be traded in such amounts, whether in global or 
definitive form. Where paragraph 29 (Form of Notes) 
does so specify, Notes may be issued in denominations 
of €100,000 and higher integral multiples of €1,000 
up to a maximum of €199,000, as applicable). 
(In the case of Senior Non-Preferred Notes, Notes 
must have a minimum denomination of €150,000 (or 
equivalent) and in the case of Subordinated Notes, 
Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€200,000 (or equivalent)) or such other minimum 
denomination provided by applicable law from time 
to time). 
 
(i) 
Specified Minimum Amounts: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Specified Increments: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[] (If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. 
There must be a common factor in the case of two or 
more Specified Denominations.) 
6. 
Issue Date: 
[] 
 
(i) 
Interest Commencement Date (if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[]/[Issue Date]/[Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[] (specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[]% Fixed Rate] 
 
 
[Floating Rate] 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
 
 
[Floating Rate: CMS Linked Interest] 
 
 
[Fixed-Floating Rate]

--- Page 149 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 143 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
 
[Floating-Fixed Rate] 
 
 
(further particulars specified below under items 
[10/13/14/15/16/17/18/19/20/21]) 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Redemption at par] 
 
 
[Inflation Linked] 
10. 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
(Specify the date when any fixed or floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 14 
below and identify there) []/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph 19 below)] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[Put Option] 
 
 
[Call Option] 
 
 
[Regulatory Call] 
[Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification Event] 
[Issuer Call – Clean-Up Redemption Option] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12. 
Status of the Notes: 
[Senior 
Notes//Senior 
Non-Preferred 
Notes/Subordinated Notes] 
 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of Notes 
obtained: 
[[] [and [], respectively]/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[] 
per 
cent. 
per 
annum 
[payable 
[annually/semi-annually/quarterly/monthly] in arrear] 
 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
[adjusted in accordance with (specify Business Day 
Convention and any applicable Additional Business 
Centre(s) for the definition of "Business Day")/[not 
adjusted]] 
 
 
(N.B. This will need to be amended in the case of any 
long or short coupons.)

--- Page 150 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 144 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[[] per Calculation Amount] [Each Fixed Coupon 
Amount shall be calculated by multiplying the 
product of the Rate of Interest and the Calculation 
Amount by the Day Count Fraction and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest CNY0.01, CNY0.05 
being rounded upwards.] 
 
(iv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] 
/ 
[Actual/Actual 
(ICMA/ISDA)] 
/ 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
(v) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date [in/on] [] / [Not Applicable] 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph. Also consider 
whether EURO, BBA, EURIBOR or CMS is the 
appropriate reference rate) 
 
(i) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(ii) 
First Interest Payment Date 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/ Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due)). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 11(g) (Payments on 
business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day". 
 
(iv) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[]] 
 
(v) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
 
(vi) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Fiscal Agent) 
[[Name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
[Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
(For example, EURIBOR)/ / [CMS Reference 
Rate/Leveraged CMS Reference Rate/Steepener 
CMS Reference Rate: [Unleveraged/Leveraged]/Call 
CMS Reference Rate] 
 
 
Reference Currency: [] 
 
 
Designated Maturity: []/[The CMS Rate having a 
Designated Maturity of [] shall be CMS Rate 1 and

--- Page 151 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 145 - 
47-41043353 
 
the CMS Rate having a Designated Maturity of [] 
shall be CMS Rate 2] 
 
 
(Where more than one CMS Rate, specify the 
Designated Maturity for each relevant CMS Rate) 
 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
(For example, Reuters EURIBOR 01) 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Linked Interest Note, specify 
relevant screen page and any applicable headings 
and captions) 
 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is Euro): [Second day on which the 
TARGET2 system is open prior to the start of each 
interest Period] 
 
 
(In the case of a CMS Rate where the Reference 
Currency is other than Euro): [Second (specify type 
of day) prior to the start of each Interest Period] 
 
• 
Relevant Time: 
(For example, 11.00 a.m. London time/Brussels time) 
 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
(For example, London/Euro-zone (where Euro-zone 
means the region comprised of the countries whose 
lawful currency is the Euro)) 
 
• 
Reference Banks: 
[] 
 
• 
CMS Rate definitions: 
[Cap means [] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Floor means [] per cent. per annum] 
 
 
[Leverage means [] per cent.] 
 
• 
Provisions relating to the 
occurrence of a Regulatory 
Event in case of Benchmark 
Replacement: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]/[TBC] 
 
(viii) 
ISDA Determination: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions / 2021 ISDA Definitions] 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[] (The Floating Rate Option should be selected from 
one of EUR-EURIBOR-Reuters (if 2006 ISDA 
Definitions apply) and EUR-EURIBOR (if 2021 ISDA 
Definitions apply) (each as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions). These are the options envisaged by the 
terms and conditions.) 
 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[] 
 
• 
Reset Date: 
[] / /[as specified in the ISDA Definitions]/[the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period, subject to 
adjustment in accordance with the Business Day

--- Page 152 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 146 - 
47-41043353 
 
Convention set out in (iii) above and as specified in 
the ISDA Definitions] 
 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period. In the case of a CMS Linked 
Interest Note, if based on Euro then the first day of 
each Interest Period and if otherwise to be checked) 
 
(ix) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum [/ Not Applicable] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Multiplier: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Reference Rate Multiplier: 
[] / [Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
 
 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
 
 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
 
 
[Actual/360] 
 
 
[30/360] 
 
 
[30E/360 – or Eurobond Basis] 
 
 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15. 
Fixed-Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[] per cent. Fixed Rate in respect of the Fixed 
Interest Period(s) ending on (but excluding) [], then 
calculated in accordance with paragraph 14 above.] 
16. 
Floating-Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
[[(Floating Rate)] in respect of the Interest Period(s) 
ending on (but excluding) [], then calculated in 
accordance with paragraph 13 above.] 
17. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
[]

--- Page 153 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 147 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(iii) 
Any 
other 
formula/basis 
of 
determining amount payable: 
(Consider whether it is necessary to specify a Day 
Count Fraction for the purposes of Condition 10(j) 
(Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes)) 
18. 
Inflation Linked Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Inflation Index: 
[[CPI/RPI/HICP]] 
 
(ii) 
Index Sponsor 
[] (Specify the relevant Index Sponsor) 
 
(iii) 
Index Factor 
[] (Specify the relevant Index Factor) [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Name 
and 
address 
of 
party 
responsible for calculating the Rate(s) 
of Interest and/or Interest Amount(s) 
(if not the Fiscal Agent): 
[name] shall be the Calculation Agent (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function) 
 
(v) 
Determination Date(s): 
[] 
 
(vi) 
Interest or calculation period(s): 
[] 
 
(vii) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/ Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] 
 
 
(Note that this item adjusts the end date of each 
Interest Period (and, consequently, also adjusts the 
length of the Interest Period and the amount of 
interest due). In relation to the actual date on which 
Noteholders are entitled to receive payment of 
interest, see also Condition 10(h) and (o) (Payments 
on business days) and the defined term "Payment 
Business Day".) 
 
(ix) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[] 
 
(x) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xi) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum 
 
(xii) 
Margin 
[] [insert Margin per cent. per annum] [Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xiii) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[] 
 
(xiv) 
Commencement Date of the Index: 
[] (indicate the relevant commencement month of the 
retail price index) 
 
(xv) 
Reference Month (final reference 
date): 
[]

--- Page 154 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 148 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(xvi) 
Reference Bond: 
[] 
 
(xvii) 
Related Bond: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
The Related Bond is: [] [Fallback Bond] 
 
 
The issuer of the Related Bond is: [] 
 
(xviii) 
Fallback Bond: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(xix) 
Cut-Off Date: 
[As per Condition 8]/[specify other] 
 
(xx) 
End Date: 
[] 
 
 
(This is necessary whenever Fallback Bond is 
applicable) 
 
(xxi) 
Trade Date: 
[] 
 
(xxii) 
Early Redemption Amount payable 
on 
redemption 
for 
Additional 
Disruption Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per Calculation Amount] 
 
(xxiii) 
Where information about the index 
can 
be 
obtained, 
including 
an 
indication of where information about 
the past and the future performance of 
that underlying and its volatility can 
be obtained by electronic means, and 
whether or not it can be obtained free 
of charge: 
[][This information can be obtained free of charge] 
19. 
Change of Interest Basis Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
(N.B. To be completed in addition to paragraphs 13 
and 14 (as appropriate) if any fixed to floating or 
fixed reset rate change occurs) 
 
(i) 
Switch Options: 
[Applicable] – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(N.B. The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 19 on or prior to the relevant Switch Option 
Expiry Date) 
 
(ii) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[] 
 
(iii) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[] 
20. 
Reset Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 155 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 149 - 
47-41043353 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Initial Rate of Interest: 
[] per cent. per annum payable in arrear [on each 
Interest Payment Date] 
 
(ii) 
First Margin: 
[+/-][] per cent. per annum 
 
(iii) 
Subsequent Margin: 
[[+/-][] per cent. per annum] [Not Applicable] 
 
(iv) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[] [and []] in each year up to and including the 
Maturity Date [until and excluding []] 
 
(v) 
Fixed Coupon Amount up to (but 
excluding) the First Reset Date: 
[[] per Calculation Amount][Not Applicable] 
 
(vi) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] []][Not Applicable] 
 
(vii) 
First Reset Date: 
[] 
 
(viii) 
Second Reset Date: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
(ix) 
Subsequent Reset Date(s): 
[] [and []] 
 
(x) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[ISDAFIX1]/[ISDAFIX2]/[ISDAFIX3]/ 
[ISDAFIX4]/[ISDAFIX5]/[ISDAFIX6]/[]/[Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xi) 
Mid-Swap Rate: 
[Single Mid-Swap Rate/Mean Mid-Swap Rate] 
 
(xii) 
Mid-Swap Maturity: 
[] 
 
(xiii) 
Reset Reference Rate Conversion: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(xiv) 
Original 
Reset 
Reference 
Rate 
Payment Basis: 
[Annual/Semi-annual/Quarterly/Monthly/Not 
Applicable] 
 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual / Actual/Actual (ISDA)] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360/360/360/Bond Basis] 
[30E/360/Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
[Actual/Actual ICMA] 
 
(xvi) 
Determination Dates: 
[] in each year 
 
(xvii) 
Business Centre(s): 
[]

--- Page 156 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 150 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(xviii) 
Calculation Agent: 
[] 
 
(xix) 
Reference Rate Replacement: 
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
21. 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) (Call): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
(Call) and method, if any, of 
calculation of such amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
 
(a) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(b) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[] 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any other 
notice requirements which may apply, for example, as 
between the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent.) 
22. 
Clean-Up Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Clean-Up Percentage: 
[75 per cent. / [] per cent.] 
 
(ii) 
Clean-Up Redemption Amount and 
method, if any, of calculation of such 
amount(s): 
[] per Note / [] 
23. 
[Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[] 
 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s): 
[] per Calculation Amount 
 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [] days 
Maximum period: [] days

--- Page 157 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 151 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15 
business days' notice for a put) and custodians, as 
well as any other notice requirements which may 
apply, for example, as between the Issuer and the 
Fiscal Agent.)] 
24. 
Regulatory Call 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
25. 
Issuer Call due to a MREL Disqualification 
Event 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
26. 
Final Redemption Amount 
[[•] per Calculation Amount]/[ Inflation-Linked Note] 
(for Inflation-Linked Notes, to be determined in 
accordance with Condition 8(a) of the Terms and 
Conditions of the English Law Notes and Condition 
8(a) of the Terms and Conditions of the Italian Law 
Notes (Inflation-Linked Note)) 
(i) 
For Inflation-Linked Notes: 
[100% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Notes]/[[YoY] Indexed Redemption Amount] 
27. 
Early Redemption Amount 
 
 
(i) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) payable 
on redemption for Tax Event or 
Regulatory 
Event 
or 
MREL 
Disqualification Event: 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per Calculation Amount]/[As 
per Condition 10(b)] 
[See also paragraph 24 (Regulatory Call)] (Delete this 
cross-reference unless the Notes are Subordinated 
Notes and the Regulatory Call is applicable) 
[See also paragraph 25 (Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event)] (Delete this cross-reference 
unless the Notes are Senior Notes or Senior Non-
Preferred Notes and the Issuer Call due to a MREL 
Disqualification Event is applicable) 
28. 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[Not Applicable] / [[] per Calculation Amount] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
29. 
Form of Notes: 
[Bearer Notes] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the 
limited circumstances specified in the Permanent 
Global Note.] 
 
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice.] 
 
 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes on 60 days' notice at any time/in the limited 
circumstances specified in the Permanent Global 
Note].

--- Page 158 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 152 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
 
(In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
"exchangeable to Definitive Notes" in circumstances 
other than "in the limited circumstances specified in 
the Global Note", such Notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to or greater than, €100,000 or, 
at the option of the Issuer.) 
30. 
New Global Note Form: 
[Yes/No] 
31. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[[]/Not Applicable] 
32. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
33. 
Governing law of the Notes: 
[English law]/[Italian law] 
 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
By:…………………………………………………….. 
Duly authorised

--- Page 159 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 153 - 
47-41043353 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
1. 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for the 
Notes to be admitted to listing on [the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with effect from 
[].] /[Not Applicable.] 
 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application [has been/is expected to be] made for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [the regulated 
market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange] with 
effect from [].]/[Not Applicable.] 
 
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission for trading 
[]] 
2. 
RATINGS 
 
 
Ratings: 
The 
Notes 
to 
be 
issued 
[[have 
been]/[are 
expected]/[are not expected]] to be rated: 
 
 
[S & P's: []] 
 
 
[Moody's: []] 
 
 
[Fitch: []] 
[DBRS: []] 
 
 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the EEA:) 
 
 
[[(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating)] is established in the EEA and 
[is included in the list of registered credit rating 
agencies published on the website of the European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied f or registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation"). [The rating [Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed by [insert 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the UK and registered under Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law

--- Page 160 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 154 - 
47-41043353 
 
of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA 
Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of particular 
credit rating agency entity providing rating] has been 
certified under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has not been certified under Regulation (EU) 
No. 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of the 
United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") 
and the rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is established in the United Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the UK and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 
(the "UK CRA Regulation"). [Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] appears on the latest update of the list of 
registered credit rating agencies (as of [insert date of 
most recent list]) on [FCA]. [The rating [Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating] has given to the Notes is endorsed 
by [insert legal name of credit rating agency], which 
is established in the EEA and [is included in the list of 
registered credit rating agencies published on the 
website of the European Securities and Markets 
Authority 
at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-
rating-agencies/risk as being registered] / [is neither 
registered nor has it applied f or registration] under 
Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation").] / [[Insert legal name of 
particular credit rating agency entity providing 
rating] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No. 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation").] / 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation.]] 
(Insert the following where the relevant credit rating 
agency is not established in the EEA or the United 
Kingdom:) 
[[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
or the UK [but the rating it has given to the Notes to 
be issued under the Programme is endorsed by [[insert

--- Page 161 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 155 - 
47-41043353 
 
legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the 
"CRA Regulation")][and][[insert legal name of 
credit rating agency], which is established in the UK 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) 
Act 
2018 
(the 
"UK 
CRA 
Regulation")]]. / [but is certified under [Regulation 
(EU) No. 1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA 
Regulation")][and][Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 
as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation")] 
/ [and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009, as amended (the "CRA Regulation") or 
Regulation (EU) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK 
CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given to the 
Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in either the EEA and registered under the 
CRA Regulation or in the UK and registered under the 
UK CRA Regulation.]] 
 
In general, EEA regulated investors are restricted 
from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such 
rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation unless (1) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the EEA but is 
endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA regulation or (2) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the EEA which is certified under the 
CRA Regulation. In general, UK regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating 
agency established in the United Kingdom and 
registered under the UK CRA Regulation unless (1) 
the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not 
established in the United Kingdom but is endorsed by 
a credit rating agency established in the United 
Kingdom and registered under the UK CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit 
rating agency not established in the United Kingdom 
which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including conflicting ones, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the following statement) 
 
Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. (Amend as appropriate if there are other 
interests)

--- Page 162 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 156 - 
47-41043353 
 
 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES 
 
[(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[] 
 
 
See "Use of Proceeds" wording in Base Prospectus.] 
(If use of proceeds is different from what is disclosed 
in the Base Prospectus, will need to include those use 
of proceeds here.) 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[] 
 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will 
need to split out and present in order of priority. If 
proceeds insufficient to fund all proposed uses state 
amount and sources of other funding.) 
5. 
Fixed Rate Notes only YIELD 
 
 
Indication of yield: 
[]/[Not Applicable] 
 
 
Calculated as (include details of method of calculation 
in summary form) on the Issue Date.] 
6. 
Floating Rate Notes and CMS Linked Interest Notes only HISTORIC INTEREST RATES 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR/CMS Rate] rates can be obtained from [Reuters]. 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN Code: 
[] 
 
Common Code: 
[] 
 
CFI 
[[] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
FISN 
[[] See the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced from the responsible National Numbering 
Agency that assigned the ISIN / Not Applicable] 
 
Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation "yes" simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of Euroclear Bank SA/NV and/or 
Clearstream 
Banking, 
S.A. 
Luxembourg 
(the 
"ICSDs") as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the European

--- Page 163 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 157 - 
47-41043353 
 
Central Bank being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] / 
 
 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
 
 
(Include this text if "Yes" selected, in which case the 
Notes must be issued in New Global Notes form) 
 
Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV [,/and] Clearstream Banking, 
société anonyme and the relevant identification 
numbers: 
[Not Applicable/(give name(s) and number(s))] 
 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s)(if any): 
[]/[Not applicable] 
 
Deemed delivery of clearing system notices for 
the purposes of Condition 19: 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
8. 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated]/[Non-syndicated] 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated: 
 
 
(A) 
Names of Managers 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place 
the issue without a firm commitment or on a "best 
efforts" basis if such entities are not the same as the 
Managers.) 
 
(B) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(C) 
Stabilising 
Manager(s) 
(if 
any): 
[Not Applicable/(give name and addresses)] 
 
[(D) 
Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
entities which have a firm 
commitment 
to 
act 
as 
intermediaries in secondary 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)]

--- Page 164 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 158 - 
47-41043353 
 
trading providing liquidity 
through bid and offer rates and 
description of the main terms 
of their commitment:] 
 
(iii) 
If non-syndicated, name and address 
of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/(give names and addresses)] 
 
(iv) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S compliance category: [] 
 
 
[TEFRA D] 
 
 
[TEFRA C] 
 
 
[TEFRA Not Applicable] 
 
(v)  
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute "packaged" products and no 
KID will be prepared, "Applicable" should be 
specified.) 
 
(vi)  
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable /Not Applicable] 
 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products, or the Notes do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared in the UK, "Not Applicable" should be 
specified. If the Notes may constitute "packaged" 
products, "Applicable" should be specified.)

--- Page 165 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 159 - 
47-41043353 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied 
by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes.

--- Page 166 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 160 - 
47-41043353 
 
SELECTED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL DATA 
The information set out in this Base Prospectus in relation to the Issuer has been derived from, and should be read 
in conjunction with, and is qualified by reference to:  
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://downloads.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/rn4Or0zl0tzCD4JXXiU3x/501cfc5570a6f319c0832fe46c
dbc2a3/illimity_Annual_Report_2020.pdf;  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://downloads.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/2i8aiJLwSFMTWcdKBQYlYz/d04a26bff08c8033512c68
a50a827da7/Bilancio_illimity_2021_ENG.pdf; 
(c) 
the consolidated interim financial statement of illimity as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors' review 
report (the "illimity 1H Interim Financial Statements"), which can be found on the website of the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/6yCrQGcOoWymOc8dwg1bEk/84b79316bdee9ed4c23590592
cd1e737/Semestrale_2022_ENG.pdf; 
(d) 
the consolidated Interim Financial Statement of illimity as of and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (the "illimity 3Q Interim Financial Statements"), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/148JO9lJrzUkryZ9JaWtDt/3f157f0e1a3082f7646664658767bf
d7/trimestrale_illimity_2022_ENG.pdf; 
(e) 
the press release issued on 11 November 2022 on the results of illimity as of and for the nine months 
ended 30 September 2022 (the "11 November 2022 Press Release"), which can be found on the website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/7x9UUPnhXeI9EqAxquNzQB/6d303ecbb243cc2a3990a38631
c50a50/illimity_3Q22_9M22_Results.pdf; 
(f) 
the Issuer investor presentation entitled "Company Presentation" dated November 2022 (the "Investor 
Presentation") 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/4kaZa0NQ0aMl6NKI1BbXTQ/9111710324d83f1d76ff6fadf7
606e9d/illimity_Company_Presentation_November_2022.pdf; 
(g) 
the by-laws (statuto) of the Issuer (incorporated for information purposes and in force from 20 September 
2022), 
which 
can 
be 
found 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
at 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/1mcKbKkj6t3ACpnLbxpmCE/dd646a09d6917eb324d33dd18
d36da43/2022_09_20_By-laws_illimity_update_Special_share_clean.pdf, 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding copies of the above-mentioned consolidated financial statements 
will be made available at the office of the Fiscal Agent and at the registered office of the Issuer, in each case free 
of charge. 
The statistical information presented herein may differ from information included in the historical consolidated 
financial statements and interim financial reports. In certain cases, the financial and statistical information is 
derived from financial and statistical information reported to the Bank of Italy or from internal management.

--- Page 167 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 161 - 
47-41043353 
 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
illimity Bank S.p.A ("illimity" or the "Bank") is the banking start-up born in 2019, headed by Corrado Passera, 
with a strongly innovative and high-tech business model, specialised in lending to small and medium-sized 
enterprises ("SMEs"). illimity grants loans to high-potential SMEs that have a low credit rating or are unrated, as 
well as to businesses in the non-performing (Unlikely-To-Pay) sector; in addition, it is active in the acquisition 
and servicing of unsecured and secured Corporate NPLs and lending to non-bank NPL investors. illimity also 
provides cutting-edge direct digital banking services for retail and corporate clients. 
The story of illimity began in January 2018 with the launch of SPAXS S.p.A. ("SPAXS") —the first Italian SPAC 
(special purpose acquisition company) with the mission to acquire and capitalise an entity operating in the banking 
industry—which raised Euro 600 million. Only two months after its launch, SPAXS announced the acquisition of 
Banca Interprovinciale S.p.A. ("BIP"), whose business combination was finalised in September 2018 after 
obtaining the approval of the Shareholders' Meeting of SPAXS held in August 2018. The merger between SPAXS 
and BIP became effective on 5 March 2019 and gave rise to illimity Bank S.p.A., which began trading on Borsa 
Italiana S.p.A.'s MTA market effective the same day. 
The selected financial data set forth in this Base Prospectus include the following: 
(a) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2020 Consolidated Financial Statements");  
(b) 
the audited consolidated financial statements of illimity as of and for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by EU and the Italian regulations implementing article 9 
of Legislative decree no. 38/05 and article 43 of Legislative decree no. 136/15 and together with the 
accompanying notes and auditors' report (the "illimity 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements"); 
(c) 
the consolidated Interim Financial Statement of illimity as of and for the six months ended 30 June 2022, 
prepared in accordance with IAS 34 and together with the accompanying notes and auditors' review 
report (the "illimity 1H Interim Financial Statements"); and 
(d) 
the consolidated Interim Financial Statement of illimity as of and for the nine months ended 30 
September 2022, prepared in accordance with IAS 34 (the "illimity 3Q Interim Financial Statements").

--- Page 168 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 162 - 
47-41043353 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Introduction and history  
illimity Bank S.p.A. ("illimity" or the "Issuer" and prior to the Merger described below, Banca Interprovinciale 
S.p.A. ("BIP")) is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under Italian law. Its registered office 
is at Via Soperga 9, 20124 Milan, Italy and its telephone number is +390282849000. illimity is registered with 
the register of companies of Milan under number 03192350365 and with the register of banks held by the Bank 
of Italy under number 5710. The VAT number of the illimity Group is 12020720962 and its LEI code is 
815600A029117B20DD63. 
Starting from 24 June 2019 illimity is the parent company of the illimity banking group (the "illimity Group"), 
registered with the register of banking groups held by the Bank of Italy under number 245, and with ABI code 
3395. 
The website of the Issuer is https://illimity.com/en. The information on the website of the issuer does not form 
part of this Base Prospectus, unless expressly incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus. 
illimity was born by the reverse merger of SPAXS S.p.A. ("SPAXS") by incorporation into BIP with legal effect 
from 5 March 2019 and with tax and accounting effect from 1 January 2019. 
BIP was incorporated in March 2008 and began its operations in July 2009. In July 2016, BIP acquired 54.50% 
of the share capital of Banca Emilveneta S.p.A. that was subsequently merged by incorporation into BIP with 
legal effect from 1 October 2017. 
SPAXS was incorporated on 20 December 2017 as a special purpose acquisition company (SPAC) to pursue an 
investment project aimed at creating a new player in the Italian banking sector. In February 2018, SPAXS raised 
Euro 600 million in a placement of its ordinary shares to institutional investors. SPAXS commenced trading on 
the AIM (Alternative Investment Market) organized and managed by Borsa Italiana on 1 February 2018. 
The corporate purpose of SPAXS was to realize a business combination with an unlisted medium-sized Italian 
company authorised to operate in the Italian banking and/or financial services market. SPAXS identified BIP as 
the target company and entered into an agreement for the acquisition of the majority share capital of BIP on 12 
April 2018 (the "Business Combination"). The Business Combination was approved on 3 August 2018 by the 
European Central Bank and, on 8 August 2018, by the shareholders' meeting of SPAXS, with a large majority 
accounting for 72% of SPAXS share capital. 
On 20 September 2018, the process for the Business Combination was completed with SPAXS acquiring 99.2% 
of BIP's share capital, settled in cash for Euro 44.7 million (equivalent to 79.9% of BIP's share capital) and, for 
the remainder, through a contribution of BIP's shares to a reserved share capital increase of SPAXS for Euro 10.8 
million (equivalent to 19.3% of BIP's share capital).  
On 15 February 2019, BIP and SPAXS entered into a merger deed (following approval by the Bank of Italy on 
11 December 2018 and by their respective shareholders on 18 January 2019) for the reverse merger of SPAXS 
with, and its incorporation into, BIP in accordance with Article 2501-ter of the Italian Civil Code (the "Merger"). 
On 25 February 2019, illimity was admitted to trading on the MTA (Mercato Telematico Azionario) by Borsa 
Italiana. On 28 February 2019, CONSOB authorised the publication of the Prospectus filed with CONSOB on 1 
March 2019.  
Due to the Merger and the resulting dissolution of SPAXS, SPAXS and BIP are fully integrated and the funds 
raised by SPAXS in its initial private placement are thus available to the Issuer to fund its business objectives. 
The Merger took legal effect as of 5 March 2019 ("Merger Effective Date") and accounting and fiscal effects as 
of 1 January 2019. On the Merger Effective Date, BIP changed its legal name to illimity Bank S.p.A. and adopted 
new By-Laws. Pursuant to Article 3 of its By-Laws, the Issuer's duration will expire on 31 December 2100. Since 
the Merger Effective Date the Bank is listed on the MTA (Mercato Telematico Azionario) by Borsa Italiana. On 
3 September 2020 illimity announced that by order of Borsa Italiana no. 8688 of 2 September 2020 it had been 
granted admission of its ordinary shares to trading on the STAR Segment (High Requirements Securities Segment) 
of the MTA (Mercato Telematico Azionario) of Borsa Italiana. illimity ordinary shares – which had been admitted

--- Page 169 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 163 - 
47-41043353 
 
to trading on Borsa Italiana's MTA since 5 March 2019 – began to trade on the STAR Segment of Borsa Italiana's 
MTA, dedicated to companies meeting requirements of excellence in terms of transparency, communication, 
liquidity and corporate governance, on 10 September 2020. 
The banking group 
On 24 June 2019 illimity Group was registered in the Register of Banking Groups with no. 245, composed by the 
Issuer (which is the parent company) and its subsidiaries Soperga RE, Friuli LeaseCo, River LeaseCo, Doria 
LeaseCo and neprix (as defined below). On 17 July 2019 illimity received a communication by the Bank of Italy 
concerning the "Enrollment in the Register of Banking Groups and amendments to the articles of association". 
The Bank of Italy informed that it has registered in the Register of Banking Groups, with effect from 24 June 
2019, the illimity banking group composed by the Issuer (which is the parent company) and its subsidiaries 
Soperga RE, Friuli LeaseCo, River LeaseCo and Doria LeaseCo. The Bank of Italy also stated that there were no 
impediments to the acquisition of neprix and to the related outsourcing. 
On 25 February 2020 the Supervisory Authority authorised illimity SGR S.p.A., a wholly owned subsidiary of 
illimity, to provide collective asset management services pursuant to article 34 of the Consolidated Law on 
Finance. This provision confirms the effective start of operations by illimity SGR S.p.A. The first fund managed 
by illimity SGR, whose first closing became effective on 1 April 2021, that at the date of this Base Prospectus is 
dedicated to unlikely-to-pay (UTP) loans with restructuring prospects and opportunities to return to performing 
status, through contributions made by the banks and financial operators originating these loans and/or acquisitions 
made by the fund itself, and, where functional to the restructuring strategy and returning to performing status, will 
also invest in the capital of companies involved in turnaround projects. Consistent with the implementation of 
illimity's strategic plan, this initiative enables the Bank to complement its direct investment activities in distressed 
loans with asset management activities carried out on behalf of third parties, thereby achieving a diversification 
of its revenues towards a commission-based revenue stream and generating further business opportunities.  
The illimity Group is engaged in the provision and management of credit through the Growth Credit, Distressed 
Credit and Direct Banking Divisions, and, from 1 January 2022, the Investment Banking Division. Specifically, 
illimity provides credit to high-potential SMEs, purchases distressed corporate credit, manages it through its own 
platform – neprix – and offers direct digital banking services through illimitybank.com. Moreover, the Group 
includes illimity SGR, which sets up and manages Alternative Investment Funds. 
illimity Bank's business also makes use of the operations of the other Group companies. The scope of the Group 
includes the LeaseCos, which support the bank in the management of lease operations, the ReoCos, which are 
active in the management of the properties linked to the acquired portfolios, and Special Purpose Vehicles (SPVs) 
established to undertake securitisation operations. 
Following the merger with IT Auction S.r.l., Mado S.r.l. and Core S.r.l. (the company acquired by the Group in 
2020) into neprix S.r.l. with legal effect from 1 February 2021, the neprix Sales Area was created. Such area, 
along with a portion of Neprix Tech, was then demerged from neprix S.r.l. through a partial proportionate spin-
off, resulting in the contribution of those areas to Abilio S.p.A., a company incorporated and wholly owned by 
the Bank, operational since 1 April 2022. The new company manages and sells property and capital goods 
originating from insolvency proceedings and foreclosure, through its own network of platforms/online auctions 
and a network of professionals operating nationwide. 
To carry out its operations concerning distressed credit, illimity works with the vehicles Aporti, Friuli SPV, Doria 
SPV, River SPV, Pitti SPV, Beagle SPE and Maui SPE with the companies Soperga RE, Friuli LeaseCo, Doria 
LeaseCo, River LeaseCo, Pitti LeaseCo, River Immobiliare, SpicyCo and SpicyCo 2. 
In addition, on 30 June 2022, the acquisition by illimity of the business unit of AREC was finalised, through which 
illimity aims to strengthen its positioning and innovative approach to servicing distressed corporate loans, through 
neprix, confirming its position as a comprehensive market leader capable of covering the entire value chain of the 
management process, from investment to the remarketing of assets guaranteeing these loans. 
The following entities are consolidated, in accordance with IFRS 10, in the financial statements of illimity at 30 
June 2022:

--- Page 170 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 164 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
Aporti S.r.l. ("Aporti"), a subsidiary of the Bank, established to undertake the securitisation of Non-
Performing Loans (hereinafter "NPL"), through the subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the 
SPV established in accordance with Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Friuli SPV S.r.l. ("Friuli SPV"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to undertake the 
securitisation of NPL leases, through the subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the SPV 
established in accordance with Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Friuli LeaseCo S.r.l. ("Friuli LeaseCo"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to service 
the leasing transactions included in the portfolios of acquired NPLs, operating in accordance with Article 
7.1 of Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Soperga RE S.r.l. (REOCO) ("Soperga RE"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to 
manage the real estate assets associated with the portfolios of acquired NPLs pursuant to Article 7.1 of 
Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Doria SPV S.r.l. ("Doria SPV"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to undertake the 
securitisation of NPL leases, through the subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the SPV 
established in accordance with Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Doria LeaseCo S.r.l. ("Doria LeaseCo") a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to service the 
leasing transactions included in the portfolios of acquired NPLs, operating in accordance with Article 7.1 
of Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
River SPV S.r.l. ("River SPV"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to undertake the 
securitisation of NPL leases, through the subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the SPV 
established in accordance with Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
River LeaseCo S.r.l. ("River LeaseCo"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to service 
the leasing transactions included in the portfolios of acquired NPLs, operating in accordance with Article 
7.1 of Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Pitti SPV S.r.l. ("Pitti SPV"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to undertake the 
securitisation of NPL leases, through the subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the SPV 
established in accordance with Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
Pitti LeaseCo S.r.l. ("Pitti LeaseCo"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank, established to service the 
leasing transactions included in the portfolios of acquired NPLs, operating in accordance with Article 7.1 
of Italian Securitisation Law; 
- 
neprix S.r.l. ("neprix"), a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Bank mainly operating in the non-performing 
loan sector, relying on the services of professionals with specific experience and know how in assessing 
and managing NPL; 
- 
illimity SGR S.p.A. ("illimity SGR"), wholly owned by the Bank, which manages the assets of closed-end 
alternative investment funds (AIFs), established with own funds and the funds of third-party institutional 
investors; 
- 
River Immobiliare S.r.l. ("River Immobiliare"), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Bank, set up for the 
purchase, the sale and management - aimed at the disposal - of the properties owned by the Bank; 
- 
HYPE S.p.A. ("HYPE"), whose 50% is held by illimity through a joint venture with Fabrick (a company 
of the Sella group), that operates with an electronic money institution licence and is the digital solution for 
simple, efficient day-to-day money management. On the market since 2015, HYPE has anticipated the 
response to the growing need of the public to access banking services in an entirely new way, offering 
other added value services; 
- 
SpicyCo S.r.l. ("SpicyCo"), of which illimity holds 49% of the share capital, which is responsible for the 
acquisition, management and sale of equity investments.

--- Page 171 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 165 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
Beagle SPE S.r.l. ("Beagle SPE"), established to undertake the securitisation of NPL leases, through the 
subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the securitisation vehicle established in accordance with 
Italian Law no. 130/1999; 
- 
Abilio S.p.A. ("Abilio"), whose entire share capital is held by illimity, and whose purpose is to execute 
real estate operations and develop and organise sales through online and offline public auctions; 
- 
Abilio Agency S.r.l. ("Abilio Agency") (formerly Neprix Agency S.r.l.), wholly-owned by Abilio, a real-
estate broker that handles sales and leases and certifies the value of properties and companies for third 
parties; 
- 
MAUI SPE S.r.l. ("MAUI SPE"), established to undertake the securitisation of NPL leases, through the 
subscription by the Bank of the notes issued by the securitisation vehicle established in accordance with 
Italian Law no. 130/1999; 
- 
AREC S.p.A. ("Arec"), a company in which illimity holds 100% of the share capital, established to include 
the assets and liabilities sold by Aurora Recovery Capital S.p.A. as part of the acquisition of the business 
of the company for its future incorporation into neprix; 
- 
SpicyCo 2 S.r.l. ("SpicyCo 2"), of which illimity holds 49% of the share capital, which is responsible for 
the acquisition, management and sale of equity investments. Based on the company's Articles of 
Association, the economic and financial rights pertaining to illimity have been defined at 77.63%. 
Corporate objects 
The Issuer's corporate objects, as set out in Article 4 of its current By-Laws, is "the collection of savings and 
provision of credit in its various forms, in Italy and abroad. It may, in compliance with relevant applicable 
regulations, carry out all permitted banking and financial transactions and services, including the provision of 
investment service and related ancillary services, as well as all other activities or operations that are useful or 
anyway related to the achievement of the Company's purpose. In accordance with and within the limits of 
applicable pro tempore regulations, the Company may take stakes and financial instruments in other companies 
and enterprises, both Italian and foreign ones, both directly and through subsidiaries, even in the context of 
securitisation operations."  
Business Overview 
illimity was born with the purpose to serve the most attractive segments of Italian SMEs through an innovative 
business model which combines the most advanced technologies with strong banking expertise.  
illimity focuses on two sectors: (i) SMEs lending and services and (ii) SMEs distressed corporate credit. These 
are vast, growing markets with attractive return prospects and ever-changing .Illimity's core businesses are already 
successful in terms of market positioning, business volumes, operational scale and profitability. 
The Bank operates through its four business Divisions: 
(i) 
Growth Credit Division (previously named SME Division): provides lending to SME businesses with high 
potential but with a non-optimal financial structure and/or with a low or no rating, including the segment 
of non-performing SME loans classified as UTP that require a specialist approach to aid business 
development and in some cases relaunch industrial activities. It also provides financing of the supply chain 
of the operators of Italian chains and industrial districts through the activity of recourse and non-recourse 
purchasing of customers' trade receivables, via a dedicated digital channel.  
(ii) 
Investment Banking Division: defines and executes capital markets operations (both in the equity segment 
and the debt segment for corporate customers), for derivatives trading on own behalf and for third parties, 
and also structures structured finance transactions for funding and capital optimisation purposes to support 
the other units of the bank. 
(iii) 
Distressed Credit Division (previously named Distressed Credit Investment & Servicing Division): active 
in the purchase and servicing of secured and unsecured corporate distressed credit, provision of financing

--- Page 172 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 166 - 
47-41043353 
 
solutions to other distressed credit investors as well as management of corporate distressed credit portfolios 
and underlying assets using specialised servicing platforms. 
(iv) 
Direct Banking Division: provides digital direct banking for retail and corporate customers, offering a 
range of specific direct banking products. 
Alongside its direct investment capacity, the Bank launched its Asset Management Company illimity SGR, which 
manages the assets of closed-end alternative investment funds, established with own funds and the funds of third-
party institutional investors. illimity SGR invests in corporate credits, from turnaround operations to performing 
loans and UTP real estate credits. 
In addition to its core businesses, illimity has developed and invested in new tech-led initiatives in activities 
synergistic or complementary to its core markets: 
(i) 
in February 2022, illimity launched its lend-tech initiative "B-ILTY": a complete, fully digital banking 
platform specifically directed to medium and small corporates; 
(ii) 
in April 2022, illimity launched its prop-tech initiative "Quimmo": a digital platform for real estate 
brokerage;  
(iii) 
illimity also entered a JV with another Italian bank to run "HYPE", which is the leading fintech platform 
in Italy with over 1.6 million customers. 
Strategy 
illimity is a new paradigm bank designed specifically for the Italian SME market; credit skills and technological 
innovation are the two main enablers of its strategy. Since its launch, in just over two years illimity has laid solid 
foundations which now form part of a structured business that is ramping up.  
The key pillars of its strategy are the following: 
• 
Markets: illimity only focuses on a few, large, attractive and underserved segments of the Italian SME 
market where it holds a significant market position thanks to sustainable competitive advantages.  
• 
People: since its launch, illimity has employed over 830 "illimiters" who come from 300 different 
organization, more than 20 sectors of which nearly 70% other than banking; 
• 
Technology: illimity is also a fully digital bank and its innovative business model relies on a unique IT 
architecture that is fully digital, fully modular and fully in-cloud. 
• 
Sustainability: illimity is a sustainable native company who acts responsibly. ESG principles are natively 
integrated into its business model and all its activities. 
Grounded on those solid foundations, on 22 June 2021 the Board of Directors of illimity approved the Group's 
2021-25 Strategic Plan (the "Strategic Plan"), which replaces the former 2018-2023 business plan approved on 
30 November 2018. The Strategic Plan envisages a net profit of approximately Euro 140 million in 2023 and of 
over Euro 240 million in 2025, corresponding to an average annual increase of 51% in the period 2020-25, leading 
to a forecasted ROAE of 15% in 2023 and 20% in 2025. 
In particular, the Strategic Plan assigns to the "Growth Credit Division" (previously named "SME Division") the 
following objectives: (i) to achieve further growth in lending to support corporates Turnaround, (ii) to develop the 
Cross-Over and Acquisition Finance lending activity to companies with potential by leveraging the ability to 
provide complex financing solutions, (iii) to develop factoring activities by strengthening the sales team and 
focusing on reverse factoring transactions capable of providing a strong boost to the increase in customer base.  
The "Distressed Credit Division" (previously named "DCIS Division") will continue (i) to develop its investment 
activity by purchasing NPL and UTP loans, (ii) to develop its senior financing activity by granting new loans to 
other NPE investors with a focus on high margin medium-sized transactions, (iii) to develop its servicing activity

--- Page 173 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 167 - 
47-41043353 
 
through a gradual increase in managed assets and third-party mandates and by strengthening its competitive 
positioning on the judicial market and gradually entering the free market.  
The Strategic Plan assigns to the "Direct Banking Division" the following strategic priorities: (i) to launch by the 
end of the year 2021 the first direct bank for small corporates (which will be named "B-ILTY"), (ii) to contribute 
to the further consolidation of HYPE, the joint venture with Sella Group, current leader in the sector of digital 
platforms for retail financial services, (iii) to ensure, through illimitybank.com and the HYPE and Raisin channels, 
direct funding by retail customers as support for the rise in the Group's lending, with a simultaneous reduction in 
the cost.  
Lastly, illimity SGR aims at completing the range of illimity's operations in the corporate loan segment and will 
enhance its ability to generate business beyond the Bank's direct investment opportunities. 
The Plan confirms the prominence of technology and in this context announced a strategic alliance with the ION 
Group that will consist of: (i) a licence agreement for the use of information systems developed by illimity and 
(ii) long-term cooperation agreements in crucial sectors and services, such as, inter alia, data analytics, credit 
scoring and market intelligence. 
With the presentation of the 2021-2025 Strategic Plan, in June 2021, illimity Group also communicated to the 
market its own results and commitments in terms of environmental, social and governance (ESG) sustainability. 
Specifically, the following ESG strategic objectives of the Group have been established, within the 2025 Plan: (i) 
Environmental Topics: the integration of ESG factors into credit assessment and the Risk Appetite Framework 
(RAF); the maintenance of the Group's carbon neutrality (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and the measurement 
and addressing of the so-called "financed emissions" (Scope 3); the reactivation of renewable energy plants, 
exploiting the Energy Desk (Distressed Credit Division). (ii) Social Topics: doubling the number of women in 
managerial roles; the maintenance of the balance between men and women in the formalised "talent pool" and a 
range of remuneration between men and women (gender pay gap) with a maximum deviation of 5%; maintaining 
the Group's employee engagement rate above 70%; the implementation of impact projects in the real estate sector, 
through Fondazione illimity; (iii) Governance topics: the improvement of the Bank's ESG ratings and the 
integration of ESG objectives into incentive plans. 
Since 2021, illimity joined the United Nations Global Compact and has also published Non-Financial Statement 
for 2021 and main corporate policies with ESG principles, including: diversity, equity and inclusion; sustainable 
supply Chain; and ethics for artificial intelligence. The main results relating to the ESG strategic objectives, 
achieved are: (a) the ESG aspects have been incorporated into the risk management processes, with the aim of 
including ESG risks within the RAF and considering them as financial risk drivers, in a manner consistent with 
the risk appetite; (b) then, appropriate credit policies and procedures have been adopted that take into account 
ESG factors for the selection and assessment of the soundness of counterparties; (c) the Group's carbon neutrality 
(Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) has been maintained for 2021 and the activities for the measurement of the 
financed emissions have been started (Scope 3); (d) ESG objectives have been integrated into short- and long-
term incentive plans, in line with the provisions of the Strategic Plan; (e) in addition, the evaluation of the 
behaviours of all "illimiters" was also integrated, giving importance to the skills related to the Digital Mindset and 
ESG issues. as part of the long-term incentive plan, aimed at Top Management and the key people of the Group, 
(f) the objective of doubling the number of women among managerial roles by 2025 was included, whose progress 
in 2021 was positive and in line with expectations; (g) the balance between men and women in the formalised 
"talent pool" and the range of remuneration between men and women was maintained, with a maximum deviation 
of less than 5% for 2021; (h) the Group's employee engagement rate was maintained, reaching 82% in 2021; (i) 
real estate projects were launched with a social impact, through Fondazione illimity, with the first completion in 
October 2022. During 2022, the Bank has also obtained important upgrades in most of the ESG ratings and indices. 
Growth Credit Division (previously named SME Division) 
The Growth Credit Division focuses on certain specific business lines of the SME market segment that present 
attractive characteristics in terms of their size and dynamism and have historically been underserved by traditional 
banking operators: 
- 
factoring: financing of the supply chains of the operators of Italian chains and industrial districts through 
the activity of recourse and nonrecourse purchasing of customers' trade receivables, through a dedicated 
digital platform, developed in collaboration with a leader supplier in the factoring sector;

--- Page 174 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 168 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
crossover and acquisition finance: financing to high-potential businesses with a suboptimal financial 
structure and/or with a low rating or no rating; the crossover segment also includes financing solutions 
dedicated to acquisition activities (so-called acquisition finance); 
- 
turnaround: the purchase of loans classified as unlikely-to-pay (UTP), with the aim of recovering and 
restoring them to performing status by identifying optimal financial solutions, which may include granting 
new loans or the purchase of existing loans or portfolios of loans. 
The Growth Credit Division operates according to an innovative business model based on the support provided 
by 'Tutors', professionals with consolidated experience in specific businesses as well as financial skills and 
knowledge of the local area who contribute to the analysis of prospective deals based on their knowledge of the 
sectors and of the companies involved in the various transactions, across all business lines. The network of Tutors 
is organised in a flexible manner according to the Tutors' specific industrial and geographic competences. 
The Growth Credit Division is organised by specialised business areas, on the basis of the segments and products 
defined above, each of which is responsible for managing activities for its own customers. Each lending area is 
tasked with analysing the customers and sector within its portfolio to design the optimal financing solution, assess 
the risk level of each position, define product pricing and transaction specifications, interface with customers to 
monitor the risk profiles of counterparties and intervene promptly, where necessary, in the event of problems, in 
coordination with the unit responsible for monitoring loans. 
These areas, specialised by Business segment, are flanked by dedicated units, supporting business activities: the 
Legal Growth Credit area supports the business areas regarding legal and contractual aspects; the Business 
Operations & Credit Support area manages the annual reporting of the Division, monitors relations with tutors, 
manages the Modena branch and oversees the portfolio of the former Banca Interprovinciale regarding progressive 
divestment. 
As of 30 June 2022, the net customer loans in the Growth Credit portfolio totalled Euro 1,820 million, broken 
down as follows: (i) former BIP non-core portfolio, amounting to Euro 94 million; (ii) Turnaround amounting to 
Euro 653 million; (iii) Crossover and Acquisition Finance3 amounting to Euro 701 million; and (iv) Factoring 
amounting to Euro 372 million. 
The Growth Credit Division reported a profit before taxes of Euro 19.5 million in the first half of 2022, a net 
increase compared to the annual profit for 2021, which amounted to Euro 7.3 million. This result benefits from a 
significant contribution made by factoring fees and commissions and from new lending. 
During the first half of 2022 the Turnaround and Cross-over & Acquisition Finance businesses generated new 
volumes respectively amounting to Euro 173 million and to Euro 125 million. A relevant part of the new volumes 
generated in both segments arose from loans with public guarantees, highly-profitable lending for the Bank due 
to its low risk profile and limited absorption of capital. 
Factoring generated a turnover of Euro 736 million in 2020 and Euro 1.178 million in 2021. The positive trend 
continued in the first half of 2022 leading to a total Turnover of Euro 786 million. The GBV as of 30 June 2022 
is Euro 375 million. Growth was supported by the continuing increase in the number of customers – clients and 
debtors – by 150 and 700 respectively.  
Distressed Credit Division ("DCD") (previously named Distressed Credit Investment & Servicing Division) 
illimity is a leading player in the corporate distressed credit sector through three main areas of operations:  
- 
purchase of secured and unsecured distressed credits through participations in competitive tender 
procedures and off-market purchases both on the primary and secondary markets; 
 
3  
This figure includes part of the net loans to existing customers of Banca Interprovinciale, which due to their features are 
considered consistent with illimity's Crossover & Acquisition Finance segment

--- Page 175 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 169 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
the servicing of its own corporate distressed credit portfolios and single names and those belonging to third 
parties, on the basis of specialised skills developed in-house or through business agreements with 
specialised operators, including remarketing services on real estate and capital goods; 
- 
provision of financing solutions, primarily through senior debt, to non-bank distressed credit investors. 
To optimise and streamline activities in the Distressed Credit Division, in addition to the changes already 
implemented in 2019 and 2020, the organisational structure was further enriched, as a result of which the 
Distressed Credit Division is now structured as follows: 
1. 
the Portfolios, Senior Financing, Special Situations – Real Estate and Special Situations – Energy Areas, 
responsible for the origination of the investment opportunities in distressed credit portfolios or single 
names and Senior Financing, as well as the coordination of the entire negotiation and bidding process, until 
the final closing phase; 
2. 
the Claims Solutions Area, responsible for identify litigation investment and/or financing opportunities 
both on the primary market and on the secondary market, following the entire process, consisting of pre-
screening, negotiation and closing process; 
3. 
the Pricing Area, responsible for performing due diligence procedures and, under the supervision of the 
Risk Management Function, for the development, implementation and maintenance of the pricing models 
of portfolios, single names (special situations) and senior financing and the capital structure of all 
investments; 
4. 
the Portfolio & Asset Optimization Area, responsible for optimising portfolio and single name and 
Repossessed Property management by identifying market opportunities for their sale (or redevelopment in 
the case of properties), in accordance with the thresholds set by the Bank, while coordinating the entire 
process, from the initial analysis phase, including all activities resulting from post-sales; 
5. 
the Operating Model & Servicing Coordination Area, tasked with monitoring the Division's activities 
coordinating and managing the efficiency of internal processes, overseeing relations with other Bank units 
and decision-making bodies, providing legal advice related to individual investment opportunities and 
initiatives. Furthermore, the area is also responsible for the coordination of the following servicing units: 
(i) neprix – responsible for adapting, implementing and monitoring recovery strategies (the "Servicing 
Unit Neprix") and (ii) abilio responsible for remarketing activities of credits' underlying assets). The 
Servicing Unit Neprix, tasked with debt recovery, reports to the structure; 
6. 
the Business Portfolio Analysis & Monitoring Area, responsible for the government and management of 
the cost monitoring process, the income statement and the portfolios/single names or the trend in 
performance of the Division. Furthermore, it is responsible for the data quality coordination process and 
analytics activities of the Distressed Credit Division; 
7. 
the Project Area, responsible for identifying and developing the strategies of new business in distressed 
credit markets, other than the relevant strategic plan for the Distressed Credit Division. 
The Distressed Credit Division uses a proprietary pricing model to perform analytical price estimations for each 
distressed credit portfolio, an innovative servicing business model that provides for internalisation of the entire 
value chain in the management of distressed credits in conjunction with business agreements with external 
servicers selected on a case-by-case basis in function of the specific characteristics of the relevant assets, as well 
as a significant investment capacity thanks to the Issuer's robust capital base and low direct funding cost. All the 
activities of the Distressed Credit Division are supported by advanced data analysis technologies based on big 
data and artificial intelligence applications.  
Total assets of the Distressed Credit Division amounted to Euro 1,862 million as of 30 June 2022 (+9.3% 
compared to 30 June 2021). Among them, net loans to customers stood at Euro 1,357 million as of 30 June 2022, 
of which Euro 921 million in terms of carrying value of the acquired distressed credit portfolios and single names 
and Euro 436 million of senior financing to non-bank distressed credit operators. 
During the first half of 2022, the Bank completed, both on its own account and through securitization vehicles 
established pursuant to and for the purposes of Italian Securitisation Law, several agreements for the purchase of

--- Page 176 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 170 - 
47-41043353 
 
distressed loans for a total gross book value of Euro 2.6 billion, of which Euro 2.1 billion booked before 30 June 
2022.  
In terms of GBV declared by the assigning parties and also considering investments made during 2018, 2019, 
2020 and 2021 the total gross book value of investment agreements signed by the Bank as at 30 June 2022 
amounted to Euro 11.4 billion, of which Euro 10.7 billion booked before 30 June 2022. 
As of 31 December 2021, the net customer loans from senior financing transactions to non-bank distressed credit 
operators totalled Euro 336 million.  
During the first half of 2022, illimity finalised senior financing transactions worth Euro 78 million, mainly million 
secured by real estate assets and public procurement claims.  
As of 30 June 2022, the net customer loans from senior financing transactions to non-bank distressed credit 
operators totalled Euro 436 million (including senior notes issued throughout securitisations of illimity's loans). 
The Distressed Credit Division reported Euro 54.8 million of net interest income in the first half of 2022, and a 
net operating income of Euro 107.7 million (68% of the Group's net operating income). Profits before taxes 
amounted to Euro 59.8 million for the first half of 2022.  
The main business transactions conducted in 2022 by the Distressed Credit Division are reported below. 
On 25 January 2022, illimity announced to have entered into an agreement for the purchase of a portfolio of public 
procurements claims ("PPCs") having a total face value of approximately Euro 1.8 billion, held by funds managed 
by affiliates of Apollo Global Management (the "Apollo Funds"). These positions relate to claims raised by 
construction companies against public procurement bodies for unforeseen costs incurred in the construction of 
infrastructure which, in the specific cases, has been completed and tested. The transaction is divided into two sub-
portfolios: the first, having a face value of Euro 546 million and cash flow expected in the short term, was 
purchased by illimity, while the second, having a face value of over Euro 1.2 billion, was purchased by a new 
securitisation vehicle whose noteholders will be illimity - senior noteholder - and the Apollo Funds. 
On 6 May 2022, illimity announced to have completed the securitisation of non-performing loans having a gross 
book value of approximately Euro 475 million at the cut-off date of 30 June 2021. The portfolio consists of loans 
originated by certain Italian financial institutions, acquired by illimity between 2018 and 2021, and is 
characterised by secured loans for 48% of the gross book value. The securitisation vehicle has issued senior notes 
equivalent to 81% of the nominal of the issue and subordinated notes for the remaining 19%. The senior notes 
have been fully underwritten by illimity and have obtained an investment grade rating (BBB). On the other hand, 
the mezzanine and junior notes have been sold to third party investors, except for the 5% retained by illimity under 
regulatory requirements. illimity acted both as co-arranger for the transaction together with Banca IMI and as 
sponsor. Cerved Credit Management S.p.A., already illimity's partner in several other transactions, will act as 
Master and Special Servicer for the portfolio. 
On 11 May 2022, illimity and the shareholders of Arec reached an agreement for the purchase by illimity of Arec, 
a company specialised in managing Unlikely to Pay ("UTP") loans with a focus on the corporate real estate 
segment. Founded in 2016 by institutional shareholders having proven experience in the management of distressed 
loans and real estate assets, with offices in Rome and Milan, Arec, with Euro 2.1 billion of third party loans under 
management (as of 31 December 2021), and an average gross book value of single positions of approximately 
Euro 30 million, is the third largest servicer on the Italian corporate UTP market and a primary operator for 
specialisation in UTP. In June 2022, the acquisition of 10% of Arec was completed by way of cash settlement and 
the deed of contribution into illimity of the remaining shares representing 90% of the share capital of Arec was 
signed, for the purposes of the complete acquisition of Arec and its expected merger with neprix. 
On 24 June 2022, illimity purchased a distressed-credit portfolio of approximately 2 thousand borrowers, mainly 
represented by unsecured exposures, classified as bad loans, for a total gross book value of approximately Euro 
1,25 billion. The purchase was completed throughout the securitisation vehicle Aporti S.r.l.. 
On 5 August 2022, illimity announced that it had entered into an agreement for the purchase of a portfolio of UTP 
loans from Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena S.p.A. and MPS Capital Services Banca per le Imprese S.p.A.. The 
portfolio, consisting of mostly secured (60%) and to a large extent corporate (90%) positions, has a gross nominal 
value of over Euro 340 million. This transaction, whose execution is subject to the positive conclusion of the

--- Page 177 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 171 - 
47-41043353 
 
authorisation process with the Supervisory Authority, confirms the illimity Group's significant focus on the 
corporate UTP segment, an area in which it is the second largest private player in terms of assets managed, 
amounting, for the UTP component alone, to a total of approximately Euro 4 billion of GBV. 
The Business model of the Distressed Credit Division envisages an end-to-end, fully integrated operator, covering 
the entire value chain of distressed credit, from investment to financing, servicing and remarketing and 
specialising in distressed corporate loans. 
On 30 October 2018, the Board of Directors approved the purchase of the entire share capital of neprix, the illimity 
Group's platform specialising in servicing distressed corporate loans. Following notification of the approval from 
the Bank of Italy the acquisition of neprix was concluded and on 29 July 2019, neprix became part of the illimity 
Group.  
From the integration of Arec in the illimity Group – aimed at the subsequent merger with neprix – a complete 
player, leader in the servicing of corporate distressed credit will arise, capable of maximising the value of various 
types of distressed loans, regardless of their size, with specific focus on the UTP credit segment. In this respect 
the entity arising from the integration will be able to count on over Euro 10 billion of loans under management. 
With this transaction neprix will further strengthen its market positioning, by enhancing its expertise in large-
scale real estate deals, and it will significantly expand the number of third-party management mandates, thus 
further asserting itself as a market servicer relying on a consolidated experience, a brand and a high level of 
reliability recognised by the market. 
On 5 April 2022 illimity presented Quimmo, the Italian prop-tech set up to respond to the needs of both private 
and institutional buyers and sellers: a latest-generation platform created to simplify the purchase and sale of real 
estate and cover the entire value chain. Quimmo is one of the portals controlled by abilio, the illimity Group 
company specialising in digital intermediation, and is the result of a significant investment made in technology 
and the active experience it has gained in real estate brokerage over the past few years. This had already become 
one of illimity's key activities and in 2021 alone generated 26 million visits to its portal, 900 thousand registered 
users and deals involving over 2,000 properties, thanks also to the presence of 200 professionals working in the 
Group's central and local structures. The arrival of Quimmo will enable the offer based on the judicial segment to 
evolve to a subsequent phase. In this respect, over the next few months the platform also aims to cover, even more 
completely, the needs of other kinds of sellers – real estate developers, builders, funds, banks, insurance companies 
and simply families. Quimmo is setting its sights on a significant growth in volumes in 2022, aiming at 34 million 
visits, 1.4 million registered users and deals involving more than 3,000 properties. 
As of 30 June 2022, the Distressed Credit Division, including neprix, Arec and abilio had assets under 
management, in terms of gross nominal value of loans, real estate and capital goods under management, amounting 
to approximately Euro 12 billion, up from the Euro 8.5 billion reported in December 2021. 
Direct Banking Division  
The Direct Banking Division offers digital banking products and services to Retail and Corporate customers. The 
Division has developed a range of products and services that can fulfil the needs of the market and delivered via 
online and app channels. It adopts a platform supported by the most innovative technologies available and 
compliant with the new regulations (e.g. PSD2). 
The Direct Banking value proposition extends to the following product categories: 
1. 
Current accounts for Retail and Corporate customers, offered according to an innovative, digital user 
experience; 
2. 
Deposits accounts with competitive rates and a simple, customisable product structure; 
3. 
Payment services provided through a platform that combines the most innovative tools available on the 
market with household budget management services;  
4. 
With the new strategic project B-ILTY, the offer has been enriched with credit services designed for Small 
Corporates, such as Mid-term lending and Factoring, provided with ad end-to-end digital experience, as 
well as the human touch of illimity Relationship Managers;

--- Page 178 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 172 - 
47-41043353 
 
5. 
Full range of other banking and insurance products (such as, for example, credit protection insurance for 
corporates customers), made available to customers through partnerships with selected operators; 
6. 
Account aggregator and Payment Initiator, i.e. functions which make it possible to aggregate all accounts 
held with other banks in the customer's home banking area, enabling an overview of the customer's 
financial situation on a single screen and allowing customers to make payments from accounts of other 
banks consolidated on illimity platform; 
Since its launch in September 2019, the digital direct bank illimitybank.com has made a significant and 
continuously increasing contribution to direct funding: as of 30 June 2022 the direct funding generated by this 
channel's customers amounted to Euro 1.5 billion, divided between current accounts and deposits. 
On the funding front, in addition to setting up the new direct bank it is also recalled that in May 2019 illimity 
entered a partnership with Raisin, open banking pan-European fintech platform for the collection of deposits from 
retail customers. By way of this partnership, by the end of June 2022 deposits gathered via Raisin amount to Euro 
606 million. 
Taken overall, as of 30 June 2022 direct deposits made by illimity through its direct digital bank, illimitybank.com 
and those arising from the partnership with Raisin amount to Euro 2.1 billion.  
On the lending front, as of 30 June 2022 B-ILTY portfolio had a gross exposure (GBV) of Euro 24.4 million, 
articulated as follows: 
• 
Medium / long-term loan portfolio for Euro 22.4 million (92%); 
• 
Factoring for Euro 2.0 million (8%). 
The Direct Banking Division at 30 June 2022 showed a negative operating result of approximately Euro 3.3 
million and includes the positive contribution deriving from the granting of the license to use the IT platform 
between illimity and the ION Group. 
Relevant facts in 2021 and 2022 that concerned the Direct Banking Division are reported below: 
On 7 April 2021, illimitybank.com, leveraging the open platform approach as part of its strategy, announced a 
partnership with viafintech (former Cash Payment Solutions – a fintech offering digital financial and value-added 
services) enabling customers of illimitybank.com to deposit cash in a smart and efficient way, while they shop at 
over 1,000 point of sales in Italy. The feature enables the creation of a transaction in a simple and fast process: 
the customer generates a barcode directly in the app using the feature, the barcode is scanned at the checkout of 
the retail partner, and the credit is automatically visible in the client's account. 
On 4 November 2021, illimity joined "Accelerate with Amazon", a free training programme dedicated to Italian 
SMEs, promoted by Amazon and a small group of companies that provide support with digital transition, with the 
aim of giving entrepreneurs the necessary tools and expertise to launch or further develop their online activities 
at the national and international level. 
On 12 November 2021, illimity joined Open-es, a digital platform launched at the start of the year by ENI, in 
collaboration with Boston Consulting Group (BCG) and Google Cloud, and open to all businesses with a view to 
supporting the sustainable development of their production chains. illimity intends to support and promote this 
solution to its own corporate customers and, prospectively, to those of B-ILTY, the digital bank dedicated to small 
and medium-sized enterprises that the illimity Group is due to launch in early 2022. 
On 11 February 2022, during a press conference, illimity launched B-ILTY, the first digital Business Store with 
financial and credit services, focused on the needs of entrepreneurs. The initiative represents a fully-digital Direct 
Bank dedicated to SMEs with revenues mainly among Euro 2 million and Euro 10 million with a 24x7 accessible 
proposition, based on technological best practices and on a network of relationship managers to support any 
companies' need. B-ILTY was launched with a "Try&Buy" formula that gave customers the opportunity of testing 
its products for free for three months, and then to activate an all-inclusive subscription with unlimited operations 
included.

--- Page 179 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 173 - 
47-41043353 
 
In May 2022, illimity completed the development and activated COMS (Credit Origination & Management 
System) for B-ILTY, a tool that enables and accelerates the centralized digital management of credit requests for 
B-ILTY customers. 
On 12 May 2022, illimity announced the enlargement of value proposition dedicated to SMEs thanks to new 
business partnerships: 
o 
Helvetia, starting from the collaboration already in place from 2019 for retail customers, illimity has 
launched "Helvetia E-Corporate Protection", the Credit Protection Insurance (CPI) aiming at protecting 
the companies facing economic difficulties in case of sudden events to key managers. The overall 
subscription process has been digitalized, including contract signing; 
o 
Italiana Assicurazioni, thanks to which now illimity gives the possibility to SMEs to access a wide offer 
of insurance tailor-made solutions, in order to protect the activity of the company itself and its employees, 
relating to specific company risks and in particular to those connected to IT and digital connectivity. 
o 
Zucchetti, thanks to which SMEs will have the possibility to access a full suite of IT applications supporting 
the company internal management processes with convenient economic pricing.  
o 
Microsoft, thanks to which illimity will support the customers along the digital transformation path, 
through solutions focused on collaboration and employee productivity, and making the workplace even 
more sure, digital and connected. 
In order to foster B-ILTY's presence next to entrepreneurs on the territory, as well as to promote B-ILTY, many 
initiatives have been started. Among them on-site events ("B-ILTY Talks") and dedicated webinars on relevant 
topics (credit solutions for SME, ESG). 
Investment Banking Division  
The Investment Banking Division is responsible for defining and executing capital markets operations (both in 
the equity segment and the debt segment for corporate customers), for derivatives trading on own behalf and for 
third parties, for structuring structured finance transactions for funding and capital optimisation purposes to 
support the other units of the Bank.  
The Division's value proposition provides: 
• 
alternative solutions for companies in additional to those already offered by the Bank, exploiting the 
synergies with the Growth Credit and Distressed Credit Divisions (i.e. basket bonds, basket loans, 
securitisations of secured and unsecured single tranche loans, IPOs, M&A, derivatives); 
• 
structuring funding transactions and capital optimisation (i.e. SRTs), also supporting other Company 
Divisions and Functions.  
The Division is split into three organisational units, described below:  
a) 
Capital Markets Unit, which aims to structure strategic development plans for small and medium-sized 
enterprises, also through accessing the capital markets defining organic and inorganic growth solutions and 
optimising the financial structure. With reference to IPOs, the Capital Markets Unit performs the role of 
global coordinator and Euronext Growth Advisor (EGA), assisting companies in their processes of listing 
on the Euronext Growth Milan (EGM) market. With regard to bond issues, the structure holds the role of 
arranger and placement agent on the market with institutional investors. illimity's Capital Markets Unit 
also acts as strategic advisor for extraordinary finance transactions and corporate broking.  
As of 30 September 2022, in addition to obtaining numerous Global Coordinator, EGA and advisory 
mandates, the Unit successfully completed two IPOs on the EGM for a total of Euro 27 million in 
placements. From the date of establishment of the Unit up to 30 September 2022, five IPOs were 
successfully concluded on the EGM for a total of Euro 81 million.

--- Page 180 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 174 - 
47-41043353 
 
b) 
Corporate Solution Unit, which manages the Division's investment portfolio and structures solutions so to 
manage and hedge risks for companies, by trading derivatives. With regard to the management of the 
investment portfolio, the structure invests in the (primary and secondary) markets of corporate bonds and 
alternative debt (tranches of securitisations, hybrid instruments, etc.) to support companies and finance 
their current operations and growth, guaranteeing quick execution and time-to-market.  
As of 30 September 2022, the investment portfolio managed by the Corporate Solutions Unit amounted to 
a nominal value of approximately Euro 120 million, with the following characteristics: 
• 
extensive single name, geographical and sector diversification (the portfolio is invested in over 
90 instruments, with approximately 70% of investments made in domestic issuers and in around 
30 industries);  
• 
an average duration limited to 4 years. 
Due to the synergies with the other business Divisions, the Investment Banking Division offers customers 
a wide range of risk hedging solutions, providing them with the necessary instruments to reduce and limit 
the risks linked to their operations and statement of financial position structures. From the time it began 
operating up to 30 September 2022, it has managed and structured a total of Euro 220 million (of which 
Euro 160 million in the first half of 2022). 
c) 
Structuring Unit, which defines and identifies efficient structured financing solutions that require extensive 
financial specialisation and expertise to achieve the objectives of diversifying funding sources, improving 
companies' financial positions and optimising the capital of our customers. The Unit operates as an arranger 
and lead manager in structuring and placements on the market, for institutional investors, of securitisations, 
basket bonds and alternative debt.  
From its establishment up to September 2022, the Unit has successfully concluded two securitisation of 
trade receivables for a maximum amount of the operations of Euro 100 million and Euro 85 million 
respectively. The Unit structured the first multi-originator securitisation of a secured corporate loan 
portfolio for a total of Euro 40 million and acquired two further mandates in which it will act as arranger, 
with regard to a basket bond and to a securitisation of trade receivables. 
Asset Management Company  
illimity SGR S.p.A. is the Asset Management Company ("SGR") of the illimity Bank Group which manages the 
assets of closed-end alternative investment funds, established with own funds and the funds of third-party 
institutional investors. The SGR was set up with the aim of operating and developing activities in the strategic 
areas indicated by its parent company illimity Bank S.p.A. and the banking group of which the latter is the parent, 
and is a professional operator for establishing, administering, managing, organising, promoting and selling 
alternative investment funds.  
To pursue its business objectives in an effective and consistent manner, the SGR has adopted a "traditional" 
governance model, which has a structure comprising a Board of Directors and a Board of Statutory Auditors. The 
structure, described below, has been set up for the best management possible of the operational model defined for 
the Company in line with regulatory principles and guidelines and also with guidance from the Parent Company. 
In accordance with the characteristics of its own operations, with future planned developments and with the 
guidelines of the long-term business plan of the SGR and the Group it belongs to, the SGR has the following 
organisation:  
• 
two "Business Areas" comprising: 
• 
the UTP & Turnaround Funds Area, with the activities previously managed by the former 
"Investments Area" of the original organisation. The UTP & Turnaround Funds Area, is focussed 
on setting up and managing AIFs with investment strategies and policies centred on the turnaround 
market and on businesses in financial difficulty with prospects for relaunch; 
• 
the Private Capital Funds Area, newly established, with the aim of setting up and managing AIFs 
with investment strategies and policies targeting asset classes with underlying financial instruments 
issued by performing companies;

--- Page 181 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 175 - 
47-41043353 
 
• 
the NPL Small Medium Tickets Funds Area, focused on setting up and managing AIFs with 
investment strategies and policies in the granular (typically unsecured) Non-Performing Loans 
(NPL) market, with potential counterparties both small corporates and retail businesses, and 
different areas of origination (utilities, consumer, commercial credit, etc.); 
• 
two "Support Areas" comprising: 
• 
the Sales & Business Development Area, set up with the aim of steering, coordinating and 
monitoring the commercial promotion and distribution of all products and services provided by the 
SGR for its own customers, and organising and promoting new business activities within the SGR; 
• 
the Operations & Administration Area, which groups the activities of the pre-existing 
Administration, Finance and Control Area, with a focus on operating areas and providing support 
for the Business Areas. 
On 1 April, 2020 illimity SGR completed the first closing of "illimity Credit &Corporate Turnaround Fund", a 
contribution fund dedicated to investments in Unlikely To Pay ("UTP") loans to SMEs with revival and relaunch 
prospects. The initial portfolio consists of loans for a gross total of over Euro 200 million granted to 33 companies 
operating in highly diversified sectors. These loans have been sold by seven banks and banking groups which 
have then become unit holders in the fund. 
During the first half of 2022, the SGR continuously performed the activities connected with managing the illimity 
Credit & Corporate Turnaround Fund, also implementing the necessary activities in preparation of deciding 
whether to invest in additional receivables, in line with the provisions of the regulation of the management of the 
SGR and the Fund's policies and investment strategy. 
In line with the strategies of the SGR and of the Group, the SGR of illimity will implement the necessary activities 
to pursue and differentiate business opportunities, in line with its status and having conducted the analyses 
necessary to ensure compliance with the regulations applicable in each case, and the consistently with its 
organisational structure. To that end, in accordance with the prospects outlined in its 2021-2025 Business Plan, 
the SGR has launched a series of project activities aimed at extending its operations: 
• 
in the sector of UTP loans, making use of the skills and experience of the UTP & Turnaround Funds Area 
in the management of problematic receivables secured by real estate assets, through the creation, through 
resolution of the Board of Directors of the SGR dated 29 March 2022, of a new contribution alternative 
investment fund (AIF) named illimity Real Estate Credit, whose marketing and launch of operations is 
expected to occur during the year; 
• 
in the performing loans sector, through the creation of a Private Capital AIF in the context of the Private 
Capital Area. 
• 
in the NPL Small Medium Tickets Funds sector, through the setting up of an AIF with investment strategies 
and policies in the granular Non-Performing Loans (NPL) market, with potential counterparties both small 
corporates and retail businesses, and different areas of origination (utilities, consumer, commercial credit, 
etc.) 
illimity's remuneration policies 
On 28 April 2022, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of the Issuer approved the Report on the 2022 
Remuneration Policy and Compensation Paid in 2021, which describes the Group's remuneration and incentive 
strategy, based on the strategic and sustainability objectives fostered by the new 2021-2025 Strategic Plan and in 
line with the applicable regulatory provisions. The 2022 Remuneration Policy governs bonus schemes for 
members of bodies with strategic supervision, management and control functions and for the rest of the employees 
of the Bank and of its subsidiaries.  
As to the variable component, the 2022 Remuneration Policy provides - inter alia - that this can be serviced by: 
- 
the "Employee Stock Ownership Plan" ("ESOP"), approved by the 2019 Shareholders Meeting, which 
is intended to encourage all staff towards building value, by allowing them to participate in the Issuer's 
growth throughout the plan period. The Plan is reserved for all employees of the illimity Group who have

--- Page 182 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 176 - 
47-41043353 
 
an open-ended contract or a fixed-term contract which has been in existence for at least 6 months and 
which has a residual duration of at least 6 months and provides for the assignment, for each cycle, of a 
maximum number of shares equal to the value of Euro 2,000 for each non-executive employee and Euro 
100 for executive employees. In service of this Plan, the Shareholders' Meeting of 18 January 2019 
approved a free capital increase of the share capital, in separable form up to a maximum nominal value 
of Euro 498,890.45, through the issue of maximum 700,000 new illimity ordinary shares, pursuant to 
article 2349 of the Italian Civil Code, to be assigned free of charge, through annual assignments, to the 
employees of illimity and of companies directly and/or indirectly controlled by it. On 15 June 2022, 
illimity announced the new composition of the share capital following registration in the Companies 
Register of Milan of the resolution of the Board of Directors of 15 June 2022 relating to the increase in 
share capital of Euro 76,865.41 by means of the issuance of 117,946 new ordinary shares; 
- 
the Annual Variable Incentive Plan ("MBO") based on an assessment of the individual performance of 
the Issuer and/or Group compared to the assigned objectives, intended for: (i) the Chief Executive Officer 
and Top Management and (ii) the other Material Risk Takers of the Issuer and or of the Group and (iii) 
the remaining Group Staff.  
- 
the "Long Term Incentive Plan - 2021-2025" approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 15 December 
2021 that replaced the previous Stock Option Plan ("SOP") and the 2020-2023 Long-Term Incentive 
Plan, with the aim of i) ensuring the maintenance of a strict alignment among the interests of the Issuer, 
the shareholders and the beneficiaries by incentivising the achievement of the objectives of the 2021- 
2025 Strategic Plan, ii) ensuring alignment with the plan's new timeframe while at the same time 
providing for three pay-out cycles starting with an analysis of the 2021 results, iii) making it possible to 
give value to the effective contribution (in terms of organisational relevance and performance quality) 
made by illimity Group's Management by also including beneficiaries who have enjoyed significant 
managerial growth, iv) supporting the creation of value for all stakeholders and corporate social 
responsibility in the long term through a commitment to achieving ESG (Environmental, Social and 
Governance) objectives in addition to those of economic and financial nature. The LTI Plan is intended 
for the Chief Executive Officer, the other members of Top Management, the beneficiaries of the previous 
SOP (around 40 employees) and any additional new beneficiaries identified among the Group's key staff 
members, year by year, by 31 December of the first year of each performance cycle (namely 31 December 
2021 for the 2021-2023 cycle, 31 December 2022 for the 2022-2024 cycle and 31 December 2023 for 
the 2023-2025 cycle). The Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 15 December 2021 resolved to 
delegate the Board of Directors, pursuant to article 2443 of the Italian civil code, for a period of up to 
five years from the effective date of the shareholders' resolution to increase share capital, free of charge 
and in separate issues, in one or more tranches, by a maximum nominal value of Euro 1,323,663.96, 
through the issue of up to 2,031,094 new ordinary shares of illimity without nominal value having the 
same features as the ordinary illimity shares outstanding at the date of issue of such new ordinary shares 
and regular dividend rights, at an issue price equal to the implicit nominal value of the illimity shares at 
the date of execution of these delegated powers, through the allocation of an equivalent amount of profits 
and/or retained earnings or available reserves, pursuant to article 2349 of the Italian civil code, to be 
awarded free of charge to the beneficiaries of the 2021-2025 Long-Term Incentive Plan approved by the 
Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of 15 December 2021. 
The economic scenario created by the COVID-19 epidemic and the business continuity of the illimity Group in 
the first half of 2022 
As the evolution of the COVID-19 epidemic continues to have an impact both in economic and operational terms, 
the illimity Group has maintained the primary measures for mitigating the related risks, including the use of 
teleworking for employees and the factoring in of the framework of reference (macro forecasts, fiscal and 
monetary policy choices, regulatory developments, etc.), the management of credit strategies and policies and 
credit risk, the portfolio of financial assets, customer relations and the governance of its own business models. 
The effectiveness of illimity's commercial and technological proposal has been a strength in understanding and 
meeting the increased demand for remote financial services. 
The Group's highly conservative approach to pricing investments and providing funding, continuous monitoring 
and its limited exposure to economic sectors or asset classes most affected by the pandemic, are all factors that 
demonstrate the resilience of the business model in a reference scenario still characterised by considerable risks.

--- Page 183 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 177 - 
47-41043353 
 
The managerial committees and governing boards of the Group carry out assessments at regular interval, 
considering, inter alia, the impacts of the pandemic on the strategic and operational choices of the various business 
lines. 
Finally, the macro scenarios that also take into account the evolution of the epidemiological context and the 
responses of the Authorities, markets, companies and consumers were used to guide the prospective capital 
adequacy (ICAAP) and liquidity (ILAAP) assessments and the preparation of the Recovery Plan, as required by 
the prudential supervisory regulations, for the update of the Risk Appetite Framework and the sustainability 
assessment of the new 2021-2025 Strategic Plan. 
Impacts of the Ukraine crisis on the strategic and operational context of the illimity Group 
The outbreak of the military conflict in Ukraine in the first quarter of 2022 had considerable consequences in 
terms of political and economic-financial actions by various countries and multilateral organisations, with the 
tightening of sanctions on Russia and, in general, significant effects in terms of stress on the global financial and 
money markets (primarily the spike in commodities prices). 
In this context, the illimity Group set up managerial and operational actions in line with the measures that 
characterised its handling of the effects of the pandemic since early March 2020. 
At governance level, the specific managerial committee (set up in the first quarter of 2022), that usually meets 
periodically, continued its work, with the aim of continuously monitoring the situation and updating the Group's 
governance bodies with regard to the actual and potential impacts, of an economic-financial and operational nature, 
of the crisis, and in order to render the process of managing risk mitigation actions more efficient. 
Furthermore, a group of market indicators has been identified and is continuously monitored and reported to the 
aforementioned committee, in order to make it aware of the current context. 
Specifically, since the start of the conflict, the direct and indirect exposures to Russian counterparties or those 
who depend on Russian operators and markets for their business (supply, sales, orders, etc.) were quantified in 
order to assess the possible impacts in terms of credit and liquidity risk. The initial analyses conducted and direct 
discussions with businesses show a low level of exposure, though subject to constant monitoring, given that the 
continuation of the crisis could produce negative impacts also on companies that are demonstrating resilience in 
this phase, also due to the measures implemented by company management, specifically those regarding supply 
chain continuity and management of commodities and energy prices. 
The Compliance & AML Department also operated in that context, to ensure, for borrowers, compliance with the 
provisions of the sanctions imposed by Italy and European and international bodies to Russian parties (natural and 
legal persons). 
Secondly, with a view to mitigating the financial risks associated with the management of the HTCS and HTC 
financial portfolios, it has been ascertained that the current risk profile of the portfolios is monitored, there is no 
direct exposure to Russia or Ukraine and that the relevant development activities, as envisaged in the 2022 budget, 
are being implemented, taking due consideration of the changed context. Furthermore, considering that said 
portfolios relate to debts, monetary policy decisions, which could be revised given the evolution of the crisis, are 
continuously monitored. 
Lastly, the impacts of the Ukraine-Russia crisis were factored into the (baseline and stressed) macroeconomic 
scenarios used to support the forward-looking assessments of capital adequacy (ICAAP 2022) and liquidity 
(ILAAP 2022) and in preparing the Recovery Plan, transmitted to the Supervisory Authorities at the end of April 
2022. 
Overall, we can confirm the resilience of illimity's business model, even in a complex and uncertain context like 
the current one, as a result of both its contained exposure to direct risks and its business mix, in which lines of 
activity have limited correlation. 
Other significant information 
On 13 January 2021, a deed was signed by which Core S.r.l., IT Auction S.r.l. and Mado S.r.l. were merged into 
neprix. The merger became effective on 1 February 2021. The accounting and fiscal effects of the merger started

--- Page 184 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 178 - 
47-41043353 
 
from 1 January 2021. Following the merger, neprix holds 100% of the shares in the company Abilio Agency S.r.l. 
(formerly Neprix Agency S.r.l.), previously held by IT Auction S.r.l. This merger has no effects on the 
consolidated financial statements, as these companies were already controlled by the Group and included in the 
consolidated financial statements on a line-by-line basis. 
On 29 January 2021, for the second consecutive year, illimity has been awarded the certification by "Great Place 
to Work", the leading HR consultancy institute in Italy for the study and analysis of the workplace environment. 
On 25 February 2021, illimity confirms itself as a new paradigm bank winning three awards at the "Financial 
Innovation – Italian Award" promoted by AIFIn: 
• 
one Gold award in the Operation & IT category for "illimity: Cloud Tech-Banking Applied" project; 
• 
two Bronze awards in the New Services and Payments category for "illimity hubs" and "illimity connect" 
projects. 
On 10 March 2021, illimity was qualified by the Bank of Italy as a Nomad (Nominated Adviser), for companies 
that, through listing on the AIM Italy market, wish to raise capital to consolidate their competitive position and 
accelerate their growth. 
On 22 April 2021, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of illimity was held, which among other things approved 
the financial statements as of 31 December 2020 and appointed the new Board of Directors of the Bank. 
On 28 April 2021, illimity presents its first voluntary Non-Financial statement and announces that is already 
achieved carbon neutral in 2020. 
On 25 May 2021, illimity and Flee, a brand owned by Aon, announced that they had entered into a partnership 
aimed at offering illimitybank.com customers and all bank employees a new idea of mobility thanks to exclusive 
rental services. Flee is the first mileage-based long-term car rental – pay per use that combines the savings, security 
and convenience of an all-digital service. 
On 9 June 2021, the illimity Board of Directors approved the capital increase servicing the 2021 "Employee Stock 
Ownership Plan - ESOP" for a total of Euro 78,542.13, corresponding to 120,515 ordinary shares. 
On 15 June 2021, illimity established Fondazione illimity, set up with the aim of creating new spaces of inclusion, 
cohesion and shared well-being through the regeneration of real estate assets to be allocated to socially useful 
projects, with specific emphasis on sustainability issues (ESG). 
On 17 June 2021, illimity announced that it had signed a binding letter of intent to form a joint venture (50/50) 
("JV") with some funds managed by Apollo Global Management Inc (NYSE: APO) ("Apollo") aimed at investing 
up to Euro 500 million in non-performing single name loans related to real estate in Italy.  
On 22 June 2021, illimity Board of Directors approved the new 2021-25 Strategic Plan. Grounded on the solid 
foundations laid in the past few years, the Plan sets out the Bank's future developments and financials and non-
financials targets for the years to come. 
On 30 June 2021, illimity successfully completed the placement of its first subordinated Tier 2 bond with a 10-
year maturity and a 5-year call option for a total amount of Euro 200 million. The bond, reserved to institutional 
investors, was set at 4.375%. 
On 29 July 2021, the extraordinary shareholders' meeting of illimity approved the increase in share capital 
reserved for the ION Group, part of the broader strategic alliance between the two Groups, which took place in 
full during the third quarter of 2021. As part of the new 2021-25 Strategic Plan, a broad collaboration agreement 
was signed by illimity and the ION Group which will be implemented through: 
• 
a licence agreement for information systems developed by illimity, which will generate Euro 90 million of 
cumulative revenues for the Bank in the years 2021-25;

--- Page 185 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 179 - 
47-41043353 
 
• 
long-term collaboration agreements that can generate important investment and commercial synergies 
between the two groups in crucial sectors and services including among others data analytics, credit scoring 
and market intelligence. 
On 1 October 2021, illimity announced the new composition of its share capital, as follows: (i) the full increase 
in share capital with the exclusion of the option right pursuant to Article 2441, paragraph 4, second sentence of 
the Italian Civil Code, for a total amount of Euro 57,535,660.00 (including the share premium) with an increase 
in share capital for a total of Euro 3,749,598.96 and issuance of all 5,753,566 ordinary shares, on 30 September 
2021, following the increase subscribed by FermION Investment Group Limited, a subsidiary of ION Investment 
Corporation S.a r.l. 
On 3 December 2021, illimity announced the continuation of its sustainable growth path by joining the United 
Nations Global Compact (UNGC), the world's largest corporate sustainability initiative with over 14,300 
signatories coming from more than 160 countries. Companies participating in the programme undertake to comply 
with it and promote the ten universally accepted principles in the areas of human rights, labour, environment and 
anti-corruption, as well as to act in support of the UN Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs). 
On 11 February 2022, illimity presented B-ILTY, the first digital business store for financial and credit services 
for small and medium-sized enterprises. B-ILTY was created with the aim of making life easier for entrepreneurs, 
thanks to a latest-generation platform that combines specialist expertise with cutting-edge technology and offers 
customers the products and services of an all-round bank. 
On 21 February 2022, the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting approved the new text of the By-laws for the Bank 
to adopt a one-tier management and control model. The amendments to the By-laws also provide for the explicit 
inclusion of "sustainable success"; the Board of Directors will lead the Bank by pursuing sustainable success for 
the purpose of creating long-term value for the benefit of shareholders, taking into account the interests of illimity's 
material stakeholders. 
In April 2022, illimity presented Quimmo, the Italian pro-tech created to meet the needs of both private and 
institutional buyers and sellers. A cutting-edge platform created to simplify the purchase and sale of properties 
and cover the entire value chain. Quimmo was created by the illimity Group's extensive investment in technology 
and its experience in the field accumulated in property brokerage in recent years. It is now one of illimity's 
significant operations which, in 2021 alone, generated 26 million visits to the portal, 900 thousand registered users 
and over 2,000 property transactions, also due to the presence of over 200 professionals, both central and local 
structures. 
On 1 April 2022, the spin-off to Abilio S.p.A. of the scope of assets and liabilities of the neprix sales area, previous 
comprised within neprix, of the equity investment in Abilio agency S.r.l. (formerly Neprix Agency S.r.l.) and of 
a portion of the Tech area, also previously included within neprix, was approved. The accounting and tax effects 
of the operation were set for 1 April 2022. 
On 28 April 2022, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the financial statements of illimity Bank as of 31 December 
2021 and approved the appointment of the Board of Directors, following approval of the move to the "one-tier" 
governance system previously approved by the Shareholders' Meeting of 21 February 2022. 
On 3 May 2022, illimity presented its Consolidated Non-Financial Statement ("NFS") pursuant to Legislative 
Decree 254/2016. Illimity's Non-Financial Statement provides comprehensive disclosure to all stakeholders on 
sustainability performance. The document, drawn up based on the figures as of 31 December 2021, was prepared 
in compliance with the GRI Sustainability Reporting Standards ("GRI Standards") – Core option, to which 
voluntary qualitative and quantitative indicators were added. 
On 15 June 2022, the Illimity Board of Directors approved the capital increases serving the incentive plans and, 
specifically: 
1. 
the "Employee Stock Ownership Plan – ESOP" (for 2022) for a total of Euro 76,865.41, corresponding to 
117,946 ordinary shares, in partial execution of the authority contained in Article 5, paragraph 3 of the 
Articles of Association; and 
2. 
the "MBO" Plan (for 2021) for a total of Euro 11,621.11, corresponding to 17,832 ordinary shares, in 
partial execution of the authority contained in Article 5, paragraph 4 of the Articles of Association, granting

--- Page 186 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 180 - 
47-41043353 
 
a mandate for the purposes of the related execution. The Board of Directors also approved the use of 10,060 
ordinary shares already in the portfolio. 
On 21 June 2022, the Extraordinary Shareholders' Meeting of illimity approved, with a unanimous vote of those 
attending, the share capital increase of illimity reserved for AREC, to be freed up through contribution, and 
without option rights pursuant to Art. 2441, paragraph 4, first line of the Italian civil code. That operation, 
authorised in advance by the Supervisory Authorities pursuant to law, is part of the larger acquisition by the bank 
of AREC's business unit. 
On 30 June 2022, the cash and cash equivalents purchase by illimity of 10% of AREC shares was finalised and 
the deed regarding the contribution to illimity of the shares representing the remaining equity investment of 90% 
of the share capital of AREC, for the purpose of the acquiring the entire company and the subsequent planned 
merger with the servicer of the illimity group, neprix. 
Credit and ESG Ratings 
On 17 November 2021 Fitch Ratings published illimity Bank S.p.A.'s Long-Term Issuer Default Rating (IDR) of 
"BB-" and its Viability Rating (VR) of "bb-", with Stable Outlook. At the same time, Fitch Ratings improved its 
rating of the debts issued by the Bank, assigning its preferred senior bond a rating of "BB-" (up two notches from 
B), and its class 2 subordinated debt a "B" rating (up from B-). 
On 20 July 2022 illimity was awarded an "A" ESG rating by MSCI, one of the world's leading index and 
benchmark provider agencies, and an "EE-" rating by Standard Ethics, a leading independent agency that assesses 
corporate sustainability. MSCI upgraded illimity by three positions, moving from level B, recognizing the Bank 
as a leader, compared to most of its global peers, on the corporate governance front. On the other hand, Standard 
Ethics stated that illimity has gradually aligned itself with the indications and objectives of the UN, the OECD 
and the European Union, demonstrating the ability to quickly generate and absorb new ESG policies. 
On 11 October 2022, illimity had its ESG Risk rating upgraded by Sustainalytics, one of the world's leading 
providers of indices and benchmarks. illimity's rating has been uplifted by two risk categories, from 35.4 (High 
Risk) to 15.6 (Low Risk), taking it to the top levels of the Italian banking sector. 
Internal Control System and Risk Management  
The Issuer's internal control system is structured at different levels. First level controls are performed directly by 
the operating structures, with controls built into the IT procedures where feasible. Internal regulations set out the 
list of controls that each office must perform. In addition, operating structures are required to identify, assess, 
monitor and report risks arising from both ordinary business activities and new products and services and 
partnerships, in accordance with the 'Risk Management Process' and to comply with operating limits assigned to 
them consistent with the risk objectives. 
Second level controls have the objective of ensuring, inter alia, that the risk management process is properly 
implemented and that business and operations activities and processes are performed in accordance with relevant 
laws and regulations and with the Group Risk Appetite Framework limits. Third level controls are responsible for 
detecting breaches of procedures and regulations as well as for carrying out regular assessments of the 
completeness, adequacy, functionality (in terms of efficiency and effectiveness) and reliability of the internal 
control system and the IT system with predetermined frequencies based on the nature and intensity of the risks. 
Second and third level controls are performed by the following functions. 
The Chief Compliance Officer & AFC Division is responsible for identifying, measuring controlling, reporting 
and assessing any non-compliance risks relevant to the Issuer as well as for managing the risk of money-laundering 
and financing of terrorism and comply with international sanctions. More in detail, the function's tasks are: 
- 
detecting and monitoring of the applicable regulatory frameworks, also assessing the impact on business 
activities, processes and procedures, also preparing, where necessary, informative/interpretative notes and 
opinions aimed at supporting the correct addressing of compliance issues; 
- 
providing guidance on non-compliance risks, including issuance of Policies and internal regulations;

--- Page 187 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 181 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
releasing ex ante opinions and interpretative notes regarding compliance of innovative products, processes, 
procedures, contracts, etc.; 
- 
performing compliance risk assessment aimed at measuring the actual exposure to compliance risks of 
relevant operating/business functions; 
- 
carrying out independent controls to check whether any conducts may give rise to breach of laws and 
regulations, operating standards and ethical principles as a result of the activities of the Issuer and the 
adequacy and effectiveness of the measures and procedures of a structural nature adopted by the Issuer in 
prevention of the foregoing; 
- 
evaluating adequacy and effectiveness of the measures and procedures envisaged to remedy any non-
compliance with both internal and external provisions; 
- 
managing possible conflicts of interests identified both between the various activities carried out by the 
Bank and with reference to employees and corporate officers; 
- 
analysing complaints, instructing their findings, in close collaboration with the company structures 
involved and the support of the General Counsel, and forward the responses to customers; 
- 
supervising, with the support of General Counsel, issues relating to market abuse, the management of 
privileged and price sensitive information and issues relating to the so-called related parties of the Group; 
- 
supporting the Bank structures in verifying the effectiveness of organizational adjustments (structures, 
processes, procedures, including operational and commercial) for the prevention of non-compliance risks; 
- 
organizing specific training initiatives, also in the form of on-the-job training, for the purpose of updating 
the employees on compliance matters, in collaboration with the Chief HR & Organization Officer division; 
 
providing the Authority with suspicious activity reports, including suspicious transaction relevant to a 
possible violation of law or regulation, with regards to the management of the risk of money-laundering 
and terrorism financing, as well as to comply with international sanctions requirements. 
The Chief Compliance &AFC Officer mission is to ensure that applicable laws and regulations are correctly 
applied to pre-empt inadequate procedures or conduct that could result in administrative and/or criminal liabilities. 
The function furthermore provides consultancy and assistance to relevant operating/business functions, also on 
issues of an investment nature, to enable financial decisions to be taken on an informed basis with all available 
information. 
The Chief Risk Officer Division oversees the process by which risks are identified, measured or estimated, 
controlled and reported, and strategies for their management/mitigation are developed. This Division performs, 
inter alia, the following main tasks: 
- 
supports the Chief Executive Officer and top management in corporate governance to ensure an integrated 
approach is taken in the process of identifying, assuming, controlling, reporting and managing risks, 
consistent with the Issuer's business model, strategy, business plan, budgets and established risk policies, 
all in compliance with applicable internal and external laws and regulations; 
- 
determines the underlying process and proposes the quantitative and qualitative parameters for the 
definition of the Risk Appetite Framework, under normal and stressed conditions, ensuring its suitability 
over time in relation to internal and external changes; 
- 
proposes policies to manage risks that do not fall within the competence of other control functions and 
collaborates in the implementation of these policies, ensuring that the different phases of the Risk 
Management Process are consistent with the Risk Appetite Framework; 
- 
develops and/or adopts and validates methodologies, processes and tools needed for measuring, monitoring 
and managing risks and, in conjunction with the business units, for estimating the pricing of portfolios and 
operations, leveraging the use of advanced data analysis techniques based on big data and artificial 
intelligence algorithms;

--- Page 188 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 182 - 
47-41043353 
 
- 
develops and maintains the internal risk management system, ensuring compliance with applicable 
regulations and consistency with operating requirements and evolution of the banking sector; 
- 
monitors risks taking in relation to the risk goals and limits defined in the Risk Appetite Framework, 
establishes operating limits and mitigation actions, verifies their adequacy and promptly reports any 
breaches thereof; 
- 
supports the Chief Executive Officer in the implementation of the Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment 
Process (ICAAP) the Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment Process (ILAAP) and other regulatory 
assessment and planning requirements (e.g. Recovery Plan, Contingency Funding Plan, Stress testing 
processes) and prepares reports for the competent authorities; and 
- 
verifies the adequacy and effectiveness of measures adopted to remedy weaknesses encountered in the 
Risk Management Process. 
The activities of the Internal Audit function are designed to control operational regularity and to assess the 
functionality of the internal control system as well as to inform the corporate bodies and top management of any 
improvements that can be made to the risk management policies, measurement tools and procedures. In particular, 
through on site and remote procedures, the function: (i) performs analyses and tests on the functioning of the 
operating and internal control procedures; (ii) checks the reliability of the IT systems; (iii) verifies the management 
of the outsourced activities; (iv) verifies the compliance with the delegation limits; (v) verifies the adequacy of 
the organisation structure and the segregation of duties in relation to the internal process, and (vi) ascertains that 
anomalies found in operations and the functioning of controls are removed.  
The Risk Management Process itself – which is followed by all operating units involved in assuming and 
managing risks – is characterised by five different phases that underlie the general organisational structure of the 
framework for the assumption and management of risks by the Issuer. These phases provide for the identification 
of the risks; the assessment/measurement of the risks identified; risk prevention and attenuation; the 
monitoring/reporting of risks; and the management/mitigation of risks. The Risk Management Process is put in 
place by the Issuer through the implementation of internal regulations, policies, procedures, and manuals, and the 
establishment of the relevant infrastructure organizational, information technology, and methodologies) to support 
the execution of the Risk Management Process by the competent internal bodies and functions. 
In view of the innovative business model of the Issuer, as envisaged in the Business Plan, and in accordance with 
the Bank of Italy risk governance recommendations the competent internal control functions prepare quarterly 
reports on the results of their assessments and analyses for the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory 
Auditors, which are then to be submitted to the Bank of Italy after having been reviewed by the Board of Directors 
and Board of Statutory Auditors. See further risk factor headed "Risk factors – Risks related to oversight by the 
Bank of Italy". 
Board of Directors 
Pursuant to Article 16 of the By-Laws, the management of the Issuer is entrusted to a Board of Directors consisting 
of nine to fifteen directors of whom three are members of the Audit and Internal Control Committee, appointed 
by the shareholders' meeting. From time to time the shareholders' meeting shall determine the number of directors 
before proceeding with the appointment.  
On 10 September 2019, illimity announces that its ordinary and extraordinary meeting of the shareholders 
approved the replenishment of the Board of Directors through the appointment of a director, adopted a Regulation 
on the Proceedings of Shareholders' Meetings and also made a number of amendments to the Bank's current 
bylaws. Moreover, in line with the market best practice, the ordinary shareholders' meeting unanimously approved 
the adoption of a Shareholders' Meetings Regulation governing the procedures and conduct required to ensure 
that the proceedings of the Bank's shareholders' meetings are carried out in an orderly, disciplined and functional 
manner and that such meetings are run in an efficient way, while at the same time safeguarding the right of every 
shareholder to speak on the items under discussion and, more generally, ensuring that those entitled to vote may 
exercise their rights. Finally, in extraordinary session, the shareholders' meeting unanimously approved a number 
of amendments to the Bank's corporate bylaws designed to acknowledge that illimity has assumed the role of 
parent company of the illimity Bank S.p.A. Banking Group pursuant to article 61, paragraph 4, of Legislative 
Decree no. 385 of 1993, and that as a result it has been granted the powers required to exercise its role as manager 
and coordinator of the Banking Group in the interest and stability of the Group. The amendments also specify the

--- Page 189 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 183 - 
47-41043353 
 
competence of illimity's Board of Directors concerning the management and coordination of Group companies. 
In addition to the above, the shareholders' meeting also approved further amendments that envisage changes to 
the provisions of the bylaws on the composition of the lists for appointing the members of the managing body and 
the election of such body in line with the orientation recently expressed by Consob and with market best practice, 
designed to make it easier to submit lists for the appointment of "minority" directors. More specifically, the 
approved changes will allow shareholders to submit "short" lists, meaning without the obligation to express a 
minimum number of candidates for the position as director (even one single candidate, in this case without the 
need to comply with independence and/or gender balance requirements). 
On 10 March 2021, the Board of Directors of illimity resolved to amend the Bank's Bylaws in order to align it 
with the legislative and regulatory changes relating to the change in the criteria for compliance with the gender 
balance in the composition of the corporate bodies of listed issuers (Law no. 160 of 27 December 2019, Article 1, 
paragraphs 302 and 303, which amended Articles 147-ter and 148 of Legislative Decree no. 58 of 24 February 
1998). 
On 21 February 2022, the Shareholders' Meeting approved the passage from the traditional management and 
control model (pursuant to articles 2380-bis and following of the Italian civil code) to a one-tier governance model 
pursuant to articles 2409-sexiesdecies and following of the Italian civil code, with the amendment of articles 6, 9, 
10, 11, 13, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20, 21, 23, 24, 27, 28, 29, 30 and 31, with the resulting renumbering of articles 
29, 30, 31 and 32, to the by-laws. All the changes introduced by the Shareholders' Meeting of 21 February 2022 
became effective with the appointment of the corporate bodies of the Bank by the Shareholders' Meeting of 28 
April 2022. 
The above-mentioned Shareholders' Meeting of 21 February 2022 also approved an amendment to article 16, 
paragraph 1 of the Bylaws, in which it is stated that the Board of Directors leads the Company seeking sustainable 
success for the purpose of creating long-term value for the benefit of shareholders, taking into account the interests 
of illimity's key stakeholders. 
As said, on 28 April 2022, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of illimity was held and, among other things, 
approved the financial statements as of 31 December 2021 and appointed the new Board of Directors of the Bank. 
The members of the Board of Directors (of whom three are members of the Audit and Internal Control Committee) 
appointed on 28 April 2022 are listed in the table below.  
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer 
Rosalba Casiraghi 
Chairperson 
Chairperson of the Board of Statutory Auditors of ENI S.p.A.; 
Director of Luisa Spagnoli S.p.A., SPA.PI S.p.A., SPA.IM 
S.p.A., AUTOGRILL S.p.A.; independent auditor of 
Fondazione Sacra Famiglia and Fondazione TIM; member of 
the Supervisory Body (Organismo di vigilanza) of Università 
Bocconi. 
Corrado Passera 
Chief Executive 
Officer 
Sole Administrator of Metis S.p.A., Chief Executive Officer of 
Tetis S.p.A.  
Filippo Annunziata 
Director  
Director of Amundi SGR S.p.A., Savills SGR S.p.A., 
Liquidator of Diners Club Italia, Professional Activity as a 
Lawyer, university teacher 
Sole Administrator of Pothier S.r.l. 
Marco Bozzola 
Director 
and 
Chair of Audit 
and 
Internal 
Control 
Committee 
Professional Activity as Chartered Accountant

--- Page 190 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 184 - 
47-41043353 
 
Name 
Position 
Principal activities performed by the Directors outside the 
Issuer 
Massimo Brambilla 
Director 
Chairman of the Board of Directors of Tetis S.p.A., Director of 
Ca' Zampa S.r.l., Director of Ca' Zampa Tech S.r.l., Managing 
Director Europe of Fredericks Michael & Co. 
Patrizia Canziani  
Director 
Chairperson of the Board of Directors of Kexim Bank UK 
Limited 
Stefano Caringi 
Director 
and 
Member 
of 
Audit 
and 
Internal Control 
Committee 
 
Elena Cialliè 
Director 
Chairperson Audit and Control Committee of Willow; 
Corporate Finance and Corporate Governance Advisory 
Services for UK Government Investments LTD 
Paola Elisabetta Galbiati  
Director 
Independent Director of illimity SGR, Unieuro S.p.A. and 
Arnoldo Mondadori Editore S.p.A.; Corporate Finance 
professor at Università Bocconi 
Nadia Fontana 
Director 
and 
Member 
of 
Audit 
and 
Internal Control 
Committee 
Chairperson of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Gruppo 
Belmond Italia S.p.A., Hotel Cipriani S.p.A., Infratel Italia 
S.p.A., Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors of Moncler 
S.p.A., Hotel Splendido S.p.A., Belmond Sicily S.p.A., Hotel 
Caruso S.p.A., Castello di Casole S.p.A., Castello di Casole 
Agricoltura S.p.A., Villa San Michele S.p.A., Terna Rete Italia 
S.p.A., Chartered Accountant of IRAIM ASP, Professional 
Activity as Chartered Accountant  
Francesca Lanza Tans 
Director 
Professional Activity as Executive Coach 
Giovanni 
Majnoni 
d'Intignano 
Director 
 
Marcello Valenti  
Director 
Director of Octagon Capital S.r.l., Kon tiki S.r.l., Xenia S.p.A.; 
Statutory auditor of Demenego S.r.l. 
All members of the Board of Directors (also those who are memebers of the Audit and Internal Control Committee) 
meet the requirements of professionalism, integrity and independence as well as propriety and expertise, time 
commitment for the effective performance of office, compliance with the limit for the number of offices held and 
the absence of causes for ineligibility or disqualifying situation established by the provisions of Article 26 of the 
Legislative Decree no. 385 of 1 September 1993 (the "Consolidated Banking Law") and by the recent Italian 
Ministry's Decree no. 169/2020. The rules relating to gender requirements as well as the regulations regarding 
voting lists for listed companies are applicable to the Issuer. 
All members of the Board of Directors are domiciled at the registered office of the Issuer for the purpose of their 
office. 
The Directors of illimity may, from time to time, hold directorships or have other significant interests with 
companies outside the Issuer, which may have business relationships with the Issuer. The Issuer has in place 
procedures, in accordance with CONSOB Regulation No. 17221 of 12 March 2010 as amended and Bank of Italy 
Circular no. 285 of 17 December 2013 as amended, aimed at identifying and managing potential conflicts of 
interests to ensure, where possible, that no actual or potential conflicts of interest will arise and to guarantee that 
related party transactions are performed in compliance with all relevant requirements of law.

--- Page 191 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 185 - 
47-41043353 
 
As far as the Issuer is aware, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, no member of the Board of Directors has any 
private interest in conflict with his or her obligations deriving from the office held in the Issuer. 
Audit and Internal Control Committee 
As said above, on 21 February 2022 the General Meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer approved the adoption 
of the "one-tier system". On 28 April 2022, the Ordinary Shareholders' Meeting of illimity was held and, among 
other things, appointed the new Audit and Internal Control Committee (established within the Board), which is 
comprised as follows: 
Name 
Position 
Marco Bozzola  
Chairperson 
Stefano Caringi 
Member 
Nadia Fontana 
Member 
Senior Executives Organisation 
The following table sets forth the members of illimity's senior executives, members of the so called "Comitato di 
Direzione" (Management Committee) and their current position. 
Name 
Position 
Corrado Passera 
Chief Executive Officer 
Carlo Panella 
Head of Direct Banking Division 
Andrea Clamer 
Head of Distressed Credit Division 
Enrico Fagioli Marzocchi 
Head of Growth Credit Division 
Fabiano Lionetti 
Head of Investment Banking Division 
Silvia Benzi 
Chief Financial Officer 
Fabio Bianchini 
Chief Lending Officer 
Claudio Nordio 
Chief Risk Officer 
Filipe Teixeira 
Chief Information Officer 
Francesco Martiniello 
Chief Compliance Officer 
Vittoria La Porta 
Chief Communication Officer 
Giovanni Lombardi 
General Counsel 
Marco Russomando 
Chief HR & Organization Officer 
Sergio Fagioli 
Head of Administration & Accounting (Financial 
Reporting Manager) 
Fabio Marchesi 
Head of Internal Audit

--- Page 192 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 186 - 
47-41043353 
 
Name 
Position 
Andrea Battisti 
neprix S.r.l. Chief Executive Officer 
Renato Ciccarelli 
abilio S.p.A. Chief Executive Officer 
Information Technology infrastructure  
In 2019, illimity has completed the migration of its IT services from Consorzio Servizi Bancari "CSE" to new 
"Core Banking" outsourcer Sella Technology Solutions fully integrated with full Cloud illimity IT Systems thanks 
to a global partnership with Microsoft. These strategic achievements confirm the IT architecture completion. 
This achievements means that illimity has a modern technological platform to enable additional and faster 
business opportunities on its 4 target markets: Direct Banking, Growth Credit, Distressed Credit and Investment 
Banking. Significant investments have been made in order to leverage fully the Cloud capabilities (Infrastructure 
and State-of-the-art technologies) and to be integrated with 3rd parties solutions (i.e: Fintechs) enabling illimity 
to deliver new products, such as the new SME banking, and services planned in its business model focusing on 
user experience and relying on a solid data architecture.  
illimity's innovative business model relies on the development of a completely digital IT platform with a modular 
approach based on a flexible architecture (API and Micro Services) that can be integrated with diverse components 
– including fintech solutions purchased or in partnership with third parties – tailored to meet the different 
requirements of each division. This new platform is data-driven and big data native enabling high performance 
and agility of analysis through advanced tools based on artificial intelligence and machine learning. 
On 31 May 2021 illimity evolved its organisational structure and on that occasion the "Information Technology 
area" was deleted and Chief Information Officer (as CEO reporting line) was created. 
Employees Organisation 
The Bank had 587 employees as of 31 December 2020, 725 as at 31 December 2021 and 834 as at 30 June 2022.  
illimity's shares and shareholders 
As of 30 September 2022, the Bank's share capital amounted to Euro 56,083,976.14 of which Euro 54,513,905.72 
had been subscribed and paid up, divided into 83,645,108 ordinary shares, without par value. The ordinary shares 
are admitted to trading on MTA. By order of the Bank of Italy no. 8688 of 2 September 2020, the ordinary shares 
were admitted to trading on the STAR (Securities with High Requirements) segment of the MTA market. 
The principal shareholders of illimity as of 30 September 2022 were Banca Sella Holding S.p.A. (10.00%), LR 
Trust - Fidim S.r.l. (8.12%), FermION Investment Group Limited (7.26%), Tensile-Metis Holdings S. à r.l. (7.01%) 
and AMC Metis S. à r.l. (6.56%).  
As of the date of this Base Prospectus no entity is controlling the Issuer. 
Italian corporate governance rules are designed to prevent the risk of abusive exercise of control of controlling 
shareholders. 
Litigation  
As part of the ordinary course of business, in addition to being the plaintiff to various debt recovery proceedings, 
illimity and its subsidiaries are party to litigation, arbitration, administrative, civil and tax proceedings relating to 
their activities (including proceedings concerning BIP prior to the Merger and in respect of which illimity is the 
successor-in-title). illimity reviews these proceedings on an ongoing basis and makes what it considers to be 
appropriate provisions in its financial statements to cover potential liabilities, in accordance with applicable 
accounting principles. As of 30 June 2022, provisions set aside by illimity at a consolidated level for litigation 
amount to Euro 575 thousand. Notwithstanding the foregoing, it cannot be excluded that the occurrence of new

--- Page 193 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 187 - 
47-41043353 
 
developments that, as of the date of the Base Prospectus, are not predictable may result in such provisions being 
inadequate. 
illimity's financial assets  
As of 31 December 2021, illimity's securities portfolio stood at Euro 300 million (Euro 91 million as of 31 
December 2020), entirely classified as "hold to collect and sell" (HTCS). At the same date, government bonds 
represented 66% of the total portfolio, senior corporate bonds 25%, while subordinated bonds represented the 
complementary 9% part. 
As of 30 June 2022, illimity's securities portfolio stood at Euro 572 million, of which Euro 411 million classified 
as "hold to collect and sell" (HTCS) and Euro 161 million classified as "hold to collect" (HTC). At the same date, 
of the combined portfolios (HTC and HTCS), government bonds represented 71%, senior corporate bonds 
represented 20% and subordinated bonds the remaining 9%. 
Alternative performance measures  
The table below sets out certain alternative performance measures ("APMs") of illimity, as defined by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority's Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures 
(ESMA/2015/1415) (the "ESMA Guidelines"). The following should be noted to ensure a proper interpretation 
of these APMs:  
(i) 
these indicators have been calculated solely for historical data of illimity and are not indicative of the 
future performance of the bank; 
(ii) 
the APMs are not envisaged by International Financial Reporting Standards ("IFRSs") (they are non-
GAAP financial measures) and have not been audited; 
(iii) 
the APMs should not be considered as replacements for the measures envisaged by IFRSs; 
(iv) 
the APMs should be read together with financial information contained in the illimity 2019 and 2020 
Financial Statements and the company presentation incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus; 
(v) 
as they are not envisaged by IFRSs, the definitions of these APMs may not be consistent with those 
adopted by other companies/groups and may therefore not be comparable; 
(vi) 
the definition and calculation of the APMs included herein are consistent for the financial periods covered 
by this Base Prospectus.  
The Issuer has selected and represented the APMs set out below as it believes that they are a useful means to 
obtain a better understanding of the economic and financial performance illimity, because they facilitate the 
identification of important operating trends and financial parameters peculiar to the areas of illimity's business 
activities: 
• 
the Cost/Income ratio, calculated as the ratio between operating expenses and total revenues extracted from 
the reclassified income statement, is one of the main indicators of the Issuer's operational efficiency; the 
lower the ratio, the greater the efficiency; 
• 
the Organic Cost of Risk, calculated as the ratio between the sum of annualised losses on performing 
customer loans (net of investments with financial entities and government bonds), organic non-performing 
loans and HTC securities to net exposures of same at the end of the period; 
• 
the Gross Organic NPE Ratio, ratio of gross organic non-performing loans to the gross value of organic 
loans to customers on the factoring, cross-over, acquisition finance and turnaround segments and 
receivables acquired in investing in portfolios of distressed loans, which underwent a change in accounting 
status following the purchase or disbursement (excluding receivables acquired as bad loans), the loan 
portfolio of the former Banca Interprovinciale and senior financing to non-financial investors in distressed 
loans;

--- Page 194 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 188 - 
47-41043353 
 
• 
the Liquidity Coverage Ratio (LCR), computed as the ratio between high-quality liquid assets and total net 
cash flow amount over a 30-day stress period; 
• 
the Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (the CET 1 Ratio), calculated as the ratio between Common Equity Tier 
1 Capital and total Risk-Weighted Assets; 
• 
the Total capital ratio, calculated as the ratio between the Total Capital Ratio and Total Risk-Weighted 
Assets. 
 
FY 2020 
FY 2021 
1H 2022 
Cost-Income 
76% 
 59% 
59% 
Organic Cost of Risk (bps) annualized 
52bps 
4bps 
30bps 
Gross Organic NPE ratio 
3.2% 
2.3% 
2.2% 
LCR 
>700% 
~180% 
~ 365% 
Capital Adequacy  
The tables below set forth the own funds and regulatory capital ratio(s) of illimity (on consolidated basis) as of 
31 December 2020, 31 December 2021 and 30 June 2022.  
 
As at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2021 
As at 30 June 2022 
CET1 ratio 
17.9% 
18.8% 
16.1% 
Total capital ratio 
17.9% 
24.7% 
21.3% 
Own Funds 
509,127 
842,899 
846,621 
Risk-weighted assets 
2,850,572 
3,411,468 
3,973,836 
 
On 17 March 2022 illimity Bank, following the Supervisory Review and Evaluation Process (SREP) performed 
on the illimity Banking Group, received notification from the Bank of Italy of the prudential requirements to be 
observed at the consolidated level with effect from 31 March 2022. To ensure compliance with the binding 
requirements even in the event of a deterioration in the economic and financial scenario (Pillar 2 Guidance - P2G), 
the Bank of Italy communicated the following capital levels, which the illimity Banking Group was invited to 
maintain on an ongoing basis:  
 
• 
Common Equity Tier 1 (CET1) ratio of 9.10%; 
• 
Tier 1 ratio of 11.00%; 
• 
Total Capital ratio of 13.50%. 
 
In that regard, it is noted that the Bank continues to substantially comply with the original voluntary commitment 
to maintain the CET1 ratio at a level above 15% on an ongoing basis.

--- Page 195 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 189 - 
47-41043353 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as dealers in 
securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
The following description does not discuss the treatment of the Notes that are held in connection with a permanent 
establishment or fixed base through which a non-Italian resident beneficial owner carries on business or performs 
professional services in Italy. 
This overview assumes that the Issuer is resident in the Republic of Italy for tax purposes, is structured and 
conducts its business in the manner outlined in this Base Prospectus. Changes in the Issuer’s organisational 
structure, tax residence or the manner in which it conducts its business may invalidate this overview. This 
overview also assumes that each transaction with respect to the Notes is at arm’s length. 
Where in this overview, English terms and expressions are used to refer to Italian concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Italian concepts 
under Italian tax law. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. This summary will not be updated to reflect changes in laws and if 
such a change occurs the information in this summary could become invalid. 
TAXATION IN THE REPUBLIC OF ITALY 
Tax treatment of the Notes 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, ("Decree 239") provides for the applicable 
regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the difference between 
the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, by Italian banks.  
Pursuant to Article 44 of Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986, for securities to qualify as titoli similari alle 
obbligazioni (securities similar to bonds), they must (i) incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay at maturity 
an amount not lower than their nominal value or principal amount (“valore nominale”) and (ii) attribute to the 
Noteholders no direct or indirect right to control or participate to the management of the Issuer. 
The tax regime set forth by Decree 239 also applies to interest, premium and other income from regulatory capital 
financial instruments (strumenti finanziari rilevanti in materia di adeguatezza patrimoniale) complying with EU 
and Italian regulatory laws and regulations in effect since the Issue Date, issued by, inter alia, Italian banks, other 
than shares and assimilated instruments, as set out by Article 2, paragraph 22, of Law Decree No. 138 of 13 August 
2011, as converted with amendments by Law No. 148 of 14 September 2011, and as further amended and clarified 
by Law No. 147 of 27 December 2013, and by Article 9 of Law Decree No. 34 of 30 April 2019. 
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident beneficial owner of the Notes is (a) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the Notes are connected; (b) a non-commercial partnership pursuant to article 5 of Decree 917 
(with the exception of general partnership, limited partnerships qualified as società in nome collettivo or società 
in accomandita semplice and similar entities); (c) a non-commercial private or public entity (other than UCIs as 
defined below) or a non-commercial trusts (i.e. a trust not carrying out mainly or exclusively commercial 
activities); or (d) an investor exempt from Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Noteholders have opted 
for the application of the risparmio gestito regime – see “Capital gains tax” below), interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred 
to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent (either when Interest is paid by the Issuer or when 
payment thereof is obtained by the Noteholder on a sale of the Notes).

--- Page 196 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 190 - 
47-41043353 
 
In the event that the Noteholders described under (a) and (c) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to 
which the Notes are connected, the imposta sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax and the relevant interest, 
premium and other income related to the Notes must be included in their relevant income tax return. As a 
consequence, such interest, premium and other income will be subject to ordinary income tax and the imposta 
sostitutiva  may be deducted from the taxation on income due or be claimed for refund in the relevant tax return. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities 
pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may 
be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest relating to the Notes if the 
Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) 
that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(88-114) of Law No. 232 of 11 December 2016, as subsequently 
amended (the "Finance Act 2017"), Article 1(210-215) of Law No. 145 of 30 December 2018 (the "Finance Act 
2019") and Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity (including limited partnership 
qualified as società in nome collettivo or società in accomandita semplice and private or public institutions 
carrying out commercial activities and holding the Notes in connection with this kind of activities), or a permanent 
establishment in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are 
deposited in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), 
interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included 
in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to general Italian income taxation (IRES) 
plus, in case of banks and certain financial institutions (other than asset management companies and Italian società 
di intermediazione mobiliare) an IRES surtax of 3.5 per cent and, in certain circumstances, depending on the 
“status” of the Noteholder, also to the regional tax on productive activities ("IRAP"). If the Noteholder is a 
commercial partnership, interest, premium and other income from the Notes are instead attributed and subject to 
taxation in the hands of the partners according to the tax transparency principle. 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 ("Decree 351"), and Article 9, par. 1, Legislative Decree No. 
44 of 4 March 2014, payments of interest in respect of the Notes made to Italian resident real estate investment 
funds ("Real Estate Funds") established pursuant to Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 
(the "Financial Services Act") or pursuant to Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real 
estate investment companies with fixed capital (the "Real Estate SICAFs" and, together with the Italian resident 
real estate investment funds, the "Real Estate UCIs") are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the Real Estate Fund, provided that the Notes, together with the relevant coupons, are 
timely deposited with an authorised intermediary, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or 
shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain 
conditions, depending on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate UCIs 
is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.   
If the Noteholder is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund (other than Real Estate 
Fund), a SICAF (an investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an 
investment company with variable capital) established in Italy and either (i) the fund, the SICAF or the SICAV 
or (ii) their manager is subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority (the "UCI"), and the relevant Notes are 
deposited in due time, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), 
interest accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other 
income tax in the hands of the UCI, but such interest must be included in the management results of the UCI 
accrued at the end of each tax period. Moreover, while the UCI will not be subject to IRES, IRAP and imposta 
sostitutiva, distributions made by the UCIs in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain 
circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent. (the "Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax").  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited in due time, together with the 
coupons relating to such Notes, with an Intermediary (as defined below), interest relating to the Notes and accrued 
during the holding period will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to 
certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, interest relating to the Notes 
may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
savings account (piano di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (88-114)

--- Page 197 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 191 - 
47-41043353 
 
of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-215) of Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 
October 2019 and in Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 as amended and supplemented from time 
to time. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) ("SIMs"), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società di 
gestione del risparmio) ("SGRs"), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of Finance 
(each, an "Intermediary"), as subsequently amended and integrated. 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i) resident in Italy or (ii) a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident 
bank, financial intermediary, or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Italian Revenue Agency having appointed an 
Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239; and (b) intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest 
or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes 
includes any assignment or other act, either with or without consideration, which results in a change of the 
ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the Intermediary or deposit account wherewith which the Notes 
are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld: 
(a) 
by any Italian financial intermediary (or permanent establishment in Italy of a non-resident financial 
intermediary) paying Interest to the Noteholder; or 
(b) 
by the Issuer. 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are 
connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies provided that the non-Italian resident beneficial 
owner is either (a) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information 
with Italy in the tax sector as listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended and supplemented 
(the "White List"); or (b) an international body or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which 
have entered into force in Italy; or (c) a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State; or (d) an institutional investor, whether or not subject to tax, which is established in a country 
which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List .  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any, subject to timely filing of required documentation provided by Decree of the 
Director of Italian Revenue Agency No. 2013/84404 of 10 July 2013) to interest, paid to Noteholders who do not 
qualify for the exemption or do not timely and properly comply with set requirements. 
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders without a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are effectively connected must be the beneficial owners of the payments of interest, premium or 
an institutional investor and:  
(a) 
deposit in due time, directly or indirectly, the Notes, together with the coupons relating to such Notes, with: 
(i) 
an Italian or foreign bank or financial institution (there is no requirement for the bank or financial 
institution to be EU resident) (the "First Level Bank"), acting as intermediary in the deposit of the 
Notes held, directly or indirectly, by the Noteholder with a Second Level Bank (as defined below); 
or with 
(ii) 
a resident bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM, , 
acting as depositary or sub depositary of the Notes appointed to maintain direct relationships, via 
telematics link, with the Department of Revenue of the Ministry of Economy and Finance (the 
"Second Level Bank"). Non-Italian resident entities or companies participating in a central 
securities depository system which is in contact, via computer, with the Ministry of the Economy 
and Finance (which includes Euroclear and Clearstream), can qualify as Second Level Banks, 
provided that they appoint an Italian representative for the purposes of the application of Decree

--- Page 198 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 192 - 
47-41043353 
 
239. In the event that a non-Italian resident Noteholder deposits the Notes directly with a Second 
Level Bank, the latter shall be treated both as a First Level Bank and a Second Level Bank; and  
(b) 
file with the relevant depository, in due time, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid 
until withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be the beneficial owner of any interest on 
the Notes and to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption from imposta sostitutiva. Such 
statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in accordance with international 
agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central Banks or entities which 
manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the requirements set forth by 
Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. The statement does not need to be 
submitted if a certificate, declaration or other similar document for the same or equivalent purposes was 
previously submitted to the same depository. 
Specific requirements are provided for institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-resident Notesholder to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in Decree 239 and in 
the relevant implementation rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on Interest payments to a 
non-resident Noteholder. 
For non-Italian resident Noteholders, Interest from Notes may be subject to the reduced withholding tax rate 
provided for by the applicable tax treaty with Italy, subject to the fulfilment of certain procedural requirements.  
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that, from a tax perspective, are not deemed to fall within neither the category 
of bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), nor in the category of 
shares and assimilated instruments, as described under the caption “Tax treatment of the Notes, would qualify as 
atypical securities and, as a consequence, such Notes may fall out of the scope of Decree 239 and be subject to a 
withholding tax, levied at the rate of 26 per cent pursuant to Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983. For this 
purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional obligation to pay, at maturity, 
an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the payment of periodic interest, and do not give 
any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of the issuer or to the business in connection to 
which the securities were issued, nor to control the same.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 or a pension fund (subject to the 
regime provided for by Article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) may be exempt from 
the withholding tax on interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes not falling within the category of 
bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) and issued by an Italian 
resident issuer, if such Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di 
risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(88-114) of the Finance Act 2017, in 
Article 1(210-215) of Finance Act 2019 and in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 October 2019 and in 
Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020 as amended and supplemented from time to time. 
In the case of Notes issued by an Italian resident, where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an 
entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial 
entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy of a foreign entity; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an 
Italian commercial private or public institution, the withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other 
cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes, both whether they fall within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) or in the category of atypical 
securities, would be subject to the taxation regime described below. 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income (and, 
in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the

--- Page 199 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 193 - 
47-41043353 
 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected), a commercial partnership 
or Italian resident individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is an (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (other than a società in nome collettivo or società in 
accomandita semplice or similar partnership), or (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution, any capital 
gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be subject to an imposta 
sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off losses with gains, subject to certain 
conditions. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident individuals 
not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security entities pursuant to 
Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt 
from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised upon sale or redemption 
of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio 
a lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1(88-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(210-
215) of Finance Act 2019, in Article 13-bis of Law Decree no 124 of 26 October 2019 and Article 136 of Law 
Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020, as amended and supplemented from time to time.   
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may choose one of the three regimes described below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Italian Noteholders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on all 
capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the investor in connection with an entrepreneurial activity 
pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant Noteholder 
must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital loss, in the 
annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income tax due for such 
year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward and offset against capital gains realised in 
any of the four succeeding tax years.  
As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to 
pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the 
“risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of capital gains is allowed subject to (a) the Notes being 
deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised financial intermediaries (including permanent 
establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (b) an express election for the risparmio amministrato 
regime being timely made in writing by the relevant Noteholder. The depository intermediary is responsible for 
accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as 
well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, 
and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a 
corresponding amount from the proceeds to be credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the 
Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes 
results in a capital loss, such loss may be deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same 
securities management, in the same tax year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for the 
so-called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included, together with Interest relating to such Notes, in the 
computation of the annual increase in value of the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject 
to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent, to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio 
gestito regime, any depreciation of the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase 
in value of the managed assets accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, 
the Noteholder is not required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is a Real Estate UCI will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other income tax at the level of the Real Estate UCI, but subsequent distributions made in favour of 
unitholders or shareholders, as well as redemptions of units/shares, will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a 
withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the status of the investor and 
percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate UCI is subject to taxation in the hands of the unitholder or 
the shareholder regardless of distribution.

--- Page 200 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 194 - 
47-41043353 
 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a UCI will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva, but will be 
included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the relevant fiscal year. Such result will not 
be taxed with the UCI, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders of shareholders, redemption or sale 
of the units/shares may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by 
article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the relevant 
portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain 
conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains relating to the Notes 
issued by an Italian resident or White List resident Issuer may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per 
cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a 
lungo termine) that meets the requirements set forth in Article 1 (88-114) of Finance Act 2017, in Article 1(211-
215) of Finance Act 2019 and Article 136 of Law Decree No. 34 of 19 May 2020. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer and traded on 
regulated markets are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva nor to any other Italian income tax. The exemption 
applies provided that the non-Italian resident Noteholders file in due course with the authorised financial 
intermediary an appropriate statement (autocertificazione) providing that the Noteholder is not resident in the 
Republic of Italy for tax purposes and has no permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are effectively 
connected. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are effectively connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes issued by an Italian resident issuer not 
traded on regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (a) 
is resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy in the tax sector, as 
listed in the White List; or (b) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements 
which have entered into force in Italy; or (c) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official 
reserves of a foreign State; or (d) is an institutional investor which is established in a country which allows for a 
satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White List,  even if it does not possess the status 
of taxpayer therein. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders without a 
permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes are connected from the sale or redemption of Notes issued 
by an Italian resident issuer and not traded on regulated markets, are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the 
current rate of 26 per cent.. 
In any event, Noteholders which may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the recipient, 
will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes 
issued by an Italian resident issuer, provided that the Noteholders are eligible to benefit from such treaties. 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a result 
of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance and 
gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each 
beneficiary, €1,000,000; 
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. Transfers in 
favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent inheritance and gift tax on the value of the inheritance 
or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. on 
the entire value of the inheritance or the gift.

--- Page 201 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 195 - 
47-41043353 
 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in paragraphs (i), (ii) and (iii) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. 
Pursuant to article 6 Law no. 112/2016 (“Legge sul Dopo di Noi”) as amended by article 89, paragraph 8, 
Legislative Decree 3 July 2017, no.117, asset or other rights (a) contributed to a trust, or (b) subject to a scope 
restriction ex article 2645-ter Italian Civil Code, or (c) contributed to a special fund ruled by contratto di 
affidamento fiduciario, in favor of persons with severe disabilities, are exempt from inheritance and gift tax. Upon 
the death of the person with severe disabilities, inheritance and gift tax will be due by the last beneficiary of the 
transfer, to be specifically identified within the deed. 
The mortis causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term savings account (piano di risparmio a 
lungo termine) - that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian law - is exempt 
from inheritance tax. 
Transfer tax 
Contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public deeds and 
notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of €200.00; (ii) private deeds are subject to registration 
tax only in the case of use or voluntary registration or occurrence of the so called cross-reference (enunciazione). 
Italian financial transaction tax (so-called “Tobin Tax”) 
Article 1, paragraphs from 491 to 500, of Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012, as implemented by Ministerial 
Decree 21 February 2013 (the “IFTT Decree”), introduced a tax on financial transactions that applies to (i) the 
transfer of ownership in shares issued by companies having their registered office (“sede legale”) located in Italy 
(the “Chargeable Equity”); and (ii) transactions in derivative financial instruments over Chargeable Equity, and 
(iii) transactions in transferable securities giving the right to acquire or sell mainly one or more Chargeable Equity, 
or giving rise to a cash settlement determined mainly by reference to one or more Chargeable Equity, and (iv) 
high frequency trading transactions, carried out on the Italian financial market, relating to shares, equity 
instruments, transferable securities sub (ii) (regardless of their issuer) and derivative financial instruments sub (iii) 
(regardless of their issuer).. 
Transactions related to financial instruments (other than shares and assimilated instruments pursuant to Article 44 
of Decree No. 917), issued by Italian supervised banks, that qualify as bonds or are eligible as Additional Tier 1 
Capital at the level of the issuer, under EU and Italian regulatory laws and regulations in effect, since the Issue 
Date, such as the Notes, are excluded from IFTT pursuant to art. 15(1)(b-bis) of the IFTT Decree. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 13 of the Tariff attached to Presidential Decree No. 642 of 26 October 1972, a proportional 
stamp duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent.; and cannot 
exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals; this stamp duty is determined on the basis of the fair market 
value or, if no market value figure is available, the nominal value or redemption amount or in the case the nominal 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held, as inferable from the 
intermediary’s records. 
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 24 
May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by the Bank 
of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the Italian territory.  
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, as amended and supplemented, Italian resident individuals, non-
commercial entities and certain partnerships (società semplici or similar partnerships) holding the Notes outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent ("IVAFE"), which is determined 
in proportion to the period of ownership and cannot exceed €14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or, if no market value figure 
is available, the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values cannot be

--- Page 202 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 196 - 
47-41043353 
 
determined, on the purchase price of any financial assets held outside the Italian territory by Italian resident 
individuals. If the financial products are no longer held on December 31 of the relevant year, reference is made to 
the value in the period of ownership. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of 
wealth taxes paid in the State where the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax 
due). 
Tax Monitoring Obligations 
Pursuant to Italian Law Decree No. 167 of 28 June 1990, converted by Italian Law No. 227 of 4 August 1990, as 
amended by Italian Law No. 97 of 6 August 2013 and subsequently amended by Italian Law No. 50 of 28 March 
2014 and Italian Law No. 225 of 1 December 2016, individuals, non-commercial entities and certain partnerships 
(società semplici or similar partnerships) resident in Italy who hold investments abroad or have financial activities 
abroad must, in certain circumstances, disclose the aforesaid and related transactions to the Italian tax authorities 
in their income tax return (or, in case the income tax return is not due, in a proper form that must be filed within 
the same time as prescribed for the income tax return) regardless of the value of such assets (save for deposits or 
bank accounts having an aggregate value not exceeding a € 15,000 threshold throughout the year, which per se 
do not require such disclosure). This requirement applies even if the taxpayer during the tax period has totally 
divested such assets. The requirement applies also where the persons above, being not the direct holder of the 
financial instruments, are the actual owner of the instrument under the Italian money-laundering law. 
Furthermore, the above reporting requirement is not to be complied with in relation to Notes deposited for 
management or administration with qualified Italian financial intermediaries, or with respect to contracts entered 
into through their intervention, upon condition that the cash flows and the items of income derived from the Notes 
have been subject to tax by the same intermediaries. 
OECD automatic exchange of information in Italy 
The EU Savings Directive adopted on 3 June 2003, by the EU Council of Economic and Finance Ministers (as 
subsequently amended) on taxation of savings income in the form of interest payments has been repealed from 1 
January 2016 to prevent overlap between the Savings Directive and the new automatic exchange of information 
regime implemented under Council Directive 2011/16/EU on Administrative Cooperation in the field of Taxation 
(as amended by Council Directive 2014/107/EU). 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign Account Tax 
Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard ("CRS") to address the issue of offshore 
tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximizing efficiency and reducing cost for financial institutions, the 
CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange of financial account information. 
Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting financial institutions, and automatically 
exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial information with respect to all reportable accounts 
identified by financial institutions on the basis of common due diligence and reporting procedures. 
Italy has enacted Italian Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015 ("Law 95/2015") and the Italian Ministerial Decree dated 
28 December 2015 implementing the CRS (and the amended EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation), which 
has entered into force on 1 January 2016, implemented Law 95/2015 and provides for the exchange of information 
in relation to the calendar year 2016 and later. 
In the event that the Noteholder holds the Notes through an Italian financial institution (as meant in the Italian 
Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 implementing Law 95/2015), they may be required to provide additional 
information to such financial institution to enable it to satisfy its obligations under the Italian implementation of 
the CRS. 
Finally, on 25 May 2018 the EU Council Directive 2018/822 (the "DAC 6") has been adopted. Under the DAC 6 
intermediaries and/or taxpayers which meet certain criteria are required to disclose to the relevant Tax Authorities 
certain information concerning cross-border arrangements, which contain one or more of a prescribed list of 
hallmarks, performed from 25 June 2018 onwards. Information with regard to reported arrangements will be 
automatically exchanged by the competent authority of each EU jurisdiction every 3 months.  
illimity Bank or its intermediaries involved may be legally obliged to notify to tax authorities of certain types of 
cross-border arrangements and of proposals of implement such arrangements.

--- Page 203 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 197 - 
47-41043353 
 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax ("FTT") 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the "Commission’s Proposal") for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the "participating Member States"). However, Estonia has later ceased to participate. 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in Notes where at least one party 
is established or deemed to be established in a participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be 
deemed to be, “established” in a participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by 
transacting with a person established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which 
is subject to the dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and the scope 
of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any implementation. Additional EU Member 
States may decide to participate.  
Prospective holders of Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act ("FATCA") 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a "foreign 
financial institution" ("FFI") may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes ("foreign pass-through 
payments") to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. The Issuer is a 
foreign financial institution for these purposes.  
A number of jurisdictions, including the Republic of Italy, have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, 
intergovernmental agreements with the United States to implement FATCA ("IGAs"), which modify the way in 
which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. In particular, with the Law 18 June 2015 No. 95, the Republic of 
Italy ratified and enacted the IGA with the United States of America signed on 10 January 2014. Under the 
provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally not 
be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the application 
of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding would ever 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, are 
uncertain and may be subject to change.  
The Notes are in global form and held within Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (together, the "ICSDs"). 
The Issuer’s obligations under the Notes are discharged once it has paid to the order of the common depositary or 
common safe keeper for the ICSDs (as bearer of the Notes) and the Issuer has therefore no responsibility for any 
amount thereafter transmitted through hands of the ICSDs and custodians or intermediaries. In the event any 
withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, none of the 
Issuer or any other persons will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding or the 
deduction. 
Noteholders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in the 
Notes.

--- Page 204 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 198 - 
47-41043353 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 24 November 2022 (the "Dealer 
Agreement"), agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which it or any other Dealer may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under "Form of the Notes" and "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" above. In the Dealer Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the relevant 
Dealer for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme 
and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the relevant Dealer against certain liabilities 
incurred by them in connection therewith. The Dealer Agreement makes provision for the resignation or 
termination of appointment of the existing Dealer and for the appointment of additional or other Dealers either 
generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular Tranche of Notes. For the purposes of this 
section, references in this section to "Dealer" and "Dealers" also refers to any Dealer or Dealers appointed 
subsequently. The Dealers are entitled in certain circumstances to be released and discharged from their 
obligations under the Subscription Agreement prior to the closing of the issue of the Notes. 
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or with any securities regulatory 
authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 and Treasury regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has represented warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered, sold or 
delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver the Notes of any identifiable Tranche, (a) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (b) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such Tranche as determined and 
certified to the Issuer by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant 
lead manager, of all Notes of the Tranche of which such Notes are a part, within the United States or to, or for the 
account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree, that it will send to each dealer to which it sells any Notes during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of 
the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph 
have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes within 
the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act, if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance with an available 
exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
"Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 205 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 199 - 
47-41043353 
 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, "EU 
MiFID II"); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the "Insurance Distribution 
Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; and 
Public Offer Selling Restriction Under the Prospectus Regulation 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto (or are the subject of 
the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to the public in that Member State 
except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
Qualified investors: at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
Fewer than 150 offerees: at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified 
investors as defined in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(c) 
Other exempt offers: at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in paragraphs (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes the legend 
"Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, 
sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto 
(or are the subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); 
or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 
as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes does not include the legend "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public 
in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(A) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a "Public Offer"), following the date of publication of a prospectus

--- Page 206 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 200 - 
47-41043353 
 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(B) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
(C) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA) in the 
United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by 
the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish 
a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "an offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means 
the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes 
to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK 
Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
no deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person 
whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of its business, and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell any Notes other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of 
any Notes in circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
general compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy 
The offering of the Notes has not been registered with the Commissione Nazionale per le Società e la Borsa 
("CONSOB") pursuant to Italian securities legislation. Each Dealer has represented and agreed that any offer, 
sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating to 
the Notes in the Republic of Italy will be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax and exchange 
control and other applicable laws and regulation. 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other 
document relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy must be:

--- Page 207 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 201 - 
47-41043353 
 
(a) 
made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in the 
Republic of Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, CONSOB 
Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993 (in 
each case as amended from time to time) and any other applicable laws and regulations; and 
(b) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB or 
any other Italian authority. 
France 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has only offered or sold, and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in 
France to qualified investors (investisseurs qualifiés), as referred to in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code 
monétaire et financier and defined in Article 2(e) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only 
distribute or cause to be distributed, in France to such qualified investors, this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms, 
any Drawdown Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948), as amended (the "FIEA"). Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or 
indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, any resident of Japan (which term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any 
corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan) or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or 
indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the 
registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and other relevant laws and regulations 
of Japan. 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at its 
own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are required by the 
Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from 
which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) 
in official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but 
without prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph above. 
Selling restrictions may be supplemented or modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such modification 
may be set out in the relevant Final Terms (in the case of a modification relevant only to a particular Tranche of 
Notes) or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 208 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 202 - 
47-41043353 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Name and Legal Form of the Issuer 
The Issuer is incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) in the Republic of Italy, is registered with 
number 03192350365 in the companies' register of Milan and operates in accordance with the Consolidated 
Banking Act. 
Corporate Purpose 
The Issuer's corporate purpose, as set out in Article 4 of its current By-Laws, is "the collection of savings and 
provision of credit in its various forms, in Italy and abroad. It may, in compliance with relevant applicable 
regulations, carry out all permitted banking and financial transactions and services, including the provision of 
investment service and related ancillary services, as well as all other activities or operations that are useful or 
anyway related to the achievement of the Company's purpose. In accordance with and within the limits of 
applicable pro tempore regulations, the Company may take stakes and financial instruments in other companies 
and enterprises, both Italian and foreign ones, both directly and through subsidiaries, even in the context of 
securitisation operations." 
Share Capital of the Issuer 
Pursuant to Article 5 of the By-laws, the fully subscribed and paid-up share capital of the Issuer is Euro 
54,513,905.72 divided into 83,645,108 ordinary shares, without par value.  
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme was duly authorised by resolutions of the management board of the Issuer 
dated 26 September 2022. 
Legal Entity Identifier 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of illimity is 815600A029117B20DD63. 
Approval, Listing of Notes and Admission to Trading 
The CSSF has approved this document as a base prospectus. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchange(s) or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer may 
also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
Listing Agent 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in relation to 
the Notes and is not itself seeking admission of the Notes to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
or to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation. 
Documents Available 
For as long as this Base Prospectus remains valid, copies of the following documents will, when published, be 
available for inspection in physical form from the registered office of the Issuer and from the specified offices of 
the Fiscal Agent for the time being in London and on the relevant website indicated below:  
(a) 
the By-laws of the Issuer (statuto);

--- Page 209 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 203 - 
47-41043353 
 
(b) 
the Agency Agreement for the English Law Notes; 
(c) 
the Agency Agreement for the Italian Law Notes; 
(d) 
the Deed of Covenant; 
(e) 
the Programme Manual; and 
(f) 
any future base prospectus, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements, Final Terms to this Base 
Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Publication on the Internet 
The By-laws (statuto) of the Issuer are available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://assets.ctfassets.net/0ei02du1nnrl/1mcKbKkj6t3ACpnLbxpmCE/dd646a09d6917eb324d33dd18d36da43/
2022_09_20_By-laws_illimity_update_Special_share_clean.pdf 
This Base Prospectus and the documents listed in paragraph (f) above are available on the Issuer's website at: 
https://www.illimity.com/it/prospetto-informativo-emissioni-obbligazionarie 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the Issuer's 
website does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
In addition, this Base Prospectus, each Final Terms relating to Notes which are admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and each document incorporated by reference are available on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu). 
Post-issuance information 
The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in relation to any assets underlying issues of 
Notes constituting derivative securities except to the extent required by any applicable laws and regulations. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records). The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. If the Notes 
are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 
B-1210 Brussels and the address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 
L-1855 Luxembourg. 
Conditions for Determining Price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial position of the illimity Group and no significant change in 
the financial performance of the illimity Group since 30 June 2022 and there has been no material adverse change 
in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2021. 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not nor has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the 12 months preceding the

--- Page 210 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 204 - 
47-41043353 
 
date of this document which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position or 
profitability of the Issuer. 
Independent Auditors 
KPMG was appointed by the shareholders' meetings of Banca Interprovinciale S.p.A. (currently illimity) held on 
17 December 2018 in the context of 2018-2026 statutory financial statements and by the shareholders' meeting of 
Spaxs S.p.A. held on 12 January 2018. 
KPMG is registered in the Register of the Statutory Auditors, in compliance with the provisions of Legislative 
Decree No. 39/2010 as implemented by the MEF (Decree No. 144 of 20 June 2012). The registered office of 
KPMG is Via Vittor Pisani 27/31, 20124 Milan, Italy. 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue/offer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in financing, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions and may perform services for the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have positions, deal or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited 
to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in 
order to manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary 
course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments 
and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including 
bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. Certain of the Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer 
consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers and their affiliates would hedge 
such exposure by entering into transactions, which consist of either the purchase of credit default swaps or the 
creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such 
positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their 
affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in 
respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. The relevant Final Terms will specify any other interests 
of natural and legal persons involved in each issue/offer of Notes under the Programme. For the avoidance of 
doubt, for the purpose of this paragraph the term "affiliates" also includes a parent company.

--- Page 211 ---
10242836711-v8 
- 205 - 
47-41043353 
 
THE ISSUER 
illimity Bank S.p.A. 
Via Soperga, 9  
20124 Milan  
Italy 
FISCAL AGENT AND PAYING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 
Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISORS 
To the Issuer as to English law and Italian law 
Studio Legale Cappelli RCCD 
Via Boschetti 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Arranger and Sole Dealer as to English and Italian law 
Clifford Chance Studio Legale Associato 
Via Broletto, 16 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
AUDITOR 
KPMG 
Via Vittor Pisani, 25 
20124 Milan 
Italy 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
DEALER 
Goldman Sachs International 
Plumtree Court 
25 Shoe Lane 
London EC4A 4AU 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
BNP PARIBAS, Luxembourg Branch 
60 avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L-1855 
Luxembourg