--- Page 1 ---
i 
53031877.5 
Base Prospectus dated 12th July 2021 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
iMaps ETI AG 
(a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Liechtenstein) 
Up to EUR 27,182,818,285 Programme for the issue of ETI Securities in the form of derivative 
securities arranged by iMaps Capital Markets SEZC 
 
The company whose name appears above (the “Issuer”) has established a programme (the 
“Programme”) for the issue of ETI Securities in the form of derivative securities.  The Issuer may from 
time to time issue ETI Securities on the terms set out herein, as completed by a final terms (the “Final 
Terms”) in respect of each issue of ETI Securities.  The aggregate nominal amount of ETI Securities 
issued by the Issuer under the Programme will not at any time exceed EUR 27,182,818,285 (or the 
equivalent in other currencies at the date of issue). 
The ETI Securities of each Series are secured derivative securities in the form of limited recourse 
obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu with, and without any preference among, 
themselves and the ETI Securities of each other Series. Recourse in respect of the ETI Securities of 
each Series is limited in the manner described in the Conditions. The obligations of the Issuer under the 
ETI Securities are secured by programme security granted by the Issuer pursuant to a Programme 
Security Trust Deed (as defined in this Base Prospectus) over any Underlying Securities (as defined in 
this Base Prospe ctus) and related rights it acquires from time to time. In respect of any claim against 
the Issuer in relation to the ETI Securities, the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent) and the ETI Securityholders shall have recourse only to the assets of the Issuer (subject always 
to the programme security), and following their realisation, the proceeds of such assets. If, following 
enforcement of the programme security and the realisation in full of any other assets of the Issuer 
(whether by way of liquidation or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in 
the Programme Security Trust Deed, any outstanding claim of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing 
and Paying Agent) and the ETI Securityholders against the Issuer remains unpaid, then such 
outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. 
Programme Arranger 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 12th July 2021.

--- Page 2 ---
ii 
53031877.5 
This document (the “Base Prospectus”) gives information on the Issuer and its Programme for the 
issue of ETI Securities in the form of derivative securities. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. The Issuer will, 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included 
in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the ETI Securities, prepare a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus.  The obligation to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy does not apply when the Base 
Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Responsibility: 
iMaps ETI AG (LEI: 5299000ESEDFHHWG3R53; registered office at Im alten 
Riet 102; 9494 Schaan, Principality of Liechtenstein) (the “Issuer”) accepts 
responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus.  To the best 
of the knowledge and belief of the Issuer (which has taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case), the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to 
affect the import of such information. 
None of the Arranger, any Authorised Participant, any Agent, the Programme 
Security Trustee or the Note Trustee has separately verified the information 
contained herein.  None of the Arranger, any Authorised Participant, any Agent, 
the Programme Security Trustee or the Note Trustee makes any representation, 
express or implied, or accepts any responsibility with respect to the accuracy or 
completeness of any of the information in this Base Prospectus.  None of this 
Base Prospectus, or any other information supplied in connection with a 
Programme, the Issuer, or any ETI Securities is intended to provide the basis 
of any credit, risk or other evaluation and none of this Base Prospectus, or any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the Issuer 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Arranger, any 
Authorised Participant, any Agent, the Programme Security Trustee or the Note 
Trustee that any recipient thereof should subscribe or purchase ETI Securities.  
Each potential subscriber or purchaser of ETI Securities should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and its 
subscription or purchase of ETI Securities should be based upon such 
investigations as it deems necessary.  None of the Arranger, any Authorised 
Participant, any Agent, the Programme Security Trustee or the Note Trustee 
undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or any other 
entity whatsoever during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or to advise any investor or potential investor in any ETI Securities 
of any information coming to the attention of the Arranger, any Authorised 
Participant, any Agent, the Programme Security Trustee or the Note Trustee. 
Third 
Party 
Information: 
The Issuer confirms that information included in this Base Prospectus in respect 
of the Underlying Issuers and the Underlying Securities has been sourced from 
the Underlying Issuers. The Issuer further confirms that such information has 
been accurately reproduced, and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by that third party, no facts have been 
omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading.

--- Page 3 ---
iii 
53031877.5 
No 
representations: 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make 
representations other than those contained in this Base Prospectus in 
connection with the issue or sale of, or grant of a participation in the ETI 
Securities and, if given or made, such information or representations must not 
be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or by iMaps Capital 
Markets SEZC (the “Arranger”).  The delivery of this Base Prospectus, or any 
sale made in connection herewith shall not, under any circumstances, create 
any implication that there has been no change in the affairs of the Issuer since 
the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most 
recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no adverse change 
in the financial position of the Issuer since the date hereof or the date upon 
which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented 
or that any other information supplied in connection with the Issuer’s 
Programme or the Issuer is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing 
the same. 
Approval 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Liechtenstein Financial Market 
Authority (the “FMA”), as the competent authority in Liechtenstein under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to 
the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the “Prospectus 
Regulation”).  The FMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Issuer or of quality of the ETI Securities that are subject of 
this Base Prospectus.  Investors should make their own assessment as to the 
suitability of investing in the ETI Securities.  This Base Prospectus constitutes 
a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for certain Series to 
be admitted to listing and trading on the Vienna MTF.  In addition, an application 
may be made for a Series to be listed on any other stock exchange or 
multilateral trading facility or a Series may be unlisted.  There can be no 
assurance that any application for listing will be successful or that if successful, 
that the admission to listing will be maintained for the term of the ETI Securities. 
Form 
of 
ETI 
Securities: 
ETI Securities may be issued as Uncertificated ETI Securities or Bearer ETI 
Securities. The form of the ETI Secuirities of a Series will be specified in the 
Final Terms applicable for that Series of ETI Securities. 
Uncertificated ETI Securities 
The Holders of the Uncertificated ETI Securities shall at no time have the right 
to demand the conversion of Uncertificated ETI Securities into, or the delivery 
of, a permanent global certificate or physical securities. By contrast, the Issuer 
shall have the right to effect the conversion of the Uncertificated ETI Securities 
into a permanent global certificate or physical securities and vice versa. 
By (i) registering the Uncertificated ETI Securities in the main register 
(Hauptregister) of SIX SIS Ltd, Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central

--- Page 4 ---
iv 
53031877.5 
depository (“SIS”) and (ii) by crediting the Uncertificated ETI Securities to a 
securities account (Effektenkonto) of a depository bank with SIS, intermediated 
securities (Bucheffekten) pursuant to the Swiss Federal Intermediated 
Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (“FISA”) are created. 
Bearer ETI Securities 
Bearer ETI Securities may be issued in new global note form (“NGN”) and in 
classic global note form (“CGN”) and serially numbered. 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Terms and Conditions of the ETI 
Securities” contains further details relating to the form of ETI Securities which 
may be issued under the Issuer’s Programme. The Section of this Base 
Prospectus entitled “Subscription and Sale” contains further details relating to 
the selling and transfer restrictions applicable to the ETI Securities. Other than 
as expressly disclosed in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken which 
would permit a public offering of the ETI Securities or possession or distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in any jurisdiction where 
action for this purpose would be required. 
Distribution: 
ETI Securities issued under this Programme have not been and will not be 
registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
“Securities Act”) or any state securities laws, and the Issuer is not, nor will it 
be, registered under the United States Investment Company Act of 1940, as 
amended (the “1940 Act”).  The ETI Securities may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise transferred within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, any U.S. Person (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act).   
If the assets of the Issuer were deemed to be assets of a “benefit plan investor” 
within the meaning of Section 3(42) of the US Employee Retirement Income 
Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”), certain transactions that the Issuer 
may enter into in the ordinary course of business might constitute non-exempt 
prohibited transactions thereunder and might be subject to excise taxes and 
have to be rescinded.  However, in relation to each Series of ETI Securities, 
each purchaser or holder of an ETI Security (or any interest therein) shall be 
deemed to have represented by such purchase and / or holding that it is not 
acquiring such ETI Security (or any interest therein), directly or indirectly, with 
assets of a benefit plan investor.  For these purposes, a benefit plan investor is 
(i) an employee benefit plan subject to part 4, Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to 
which section 4975 of the US Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
applies or (iii) any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets by reason 
of a plan’s investment in such entity. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offering or sale of, or grant of 
a participation in, the ETI Securities in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by 
law.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus comes are required 
by the Issuer, the Arranger, any Authorised Participant (as defined in this Base 
Prospectus), the Programme Security Trustee (as defined in this Base 
Prospectus) and the Note Trustee (as defined in this Base Prospectus) to inform 
themselves about and to observe any such restrictions.  This Base Prospectus 
does not constitute, and this Base Prospectus may not be used, for the

--- Page 5 ---
v 
53031877.5 
purposes of any offer or solicitation by anyone in any jurisdiction in which such 
offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such offer or solicitation and no action is being taken to permit an offering 
of the ETI Securities or the distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where such action is required. 
Certain restrictions on offers and sales of the ETI Securities and on distribution 
of this Base Prospectus are set out under “Terms and Conditions of the ETI 
Securities” and “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuer 
Obligations: 
None of the Programme Security Trustee, the Note Trustee, the Arranger, any 
Authorised Participant, any Agent or any person other than the Issuer has any 
obligation to any ETI Securityholders to ensure payment or discharge of 
principal, interest and / or any other obligations in respect of a Series of ETI 
Securities. 
Currency: 
References herein to “EUR” are to the currency of the member states of the 
European Union that adopt or have adopted the single currency in accordance 
with the Treaty establishing the European Community as amended by the 
Treaty of European Union. References to “U.S.$” and “U.S. dollars” are to 
United States dollars. References to “HK$” and “HKD” are to Hong Kong 
dollars. References to “CHF” are to Swiss francs. References to “GBP” and 
“UK£” are to UK pounds sterling.  References to “S$”, “SGD” are to Singapore 
dollars. 
No offer: 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger to subscribe for, or purchase, any ETI 
Securities. 
 
IF YOU ARE IN ANY DOUBT ABOUT THE CONTENTS OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS YOU 
SHOULD CONSULT YOUR STOCKBROKER, BANK MANAGER, SOLICITOR, ACCOUNTANT OR 
OTHER FINANCIAL ADVISER. 
IT SHOULD BE REMEMBERED THAT THE PRICE OF SECURITIES AND THE INCOME, IF ANY, 
PAYABLE FROM THEM CAN GO DOWN AS WELL AS UP.

--- Page 6 ---
vi 
53031877.5 
 
CONTENTS 
 
Page No 
 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................... 7 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .......................................................................... 19 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SERIES ............................................................................................ 20 
OVERVIEW OF SERIES ..................................................................................................................... 23 
INVESTOR RETURN .......................................................................................................................... 24 
THE UNDERLYING ISSUER .............................................................................................................. 27 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETI SECURITIES .................................................................... 33 
USE OF PROCEEDS .......................................................................................................................... 62 
ISSUE BY FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................... 64 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS ........................................................................................................... 65 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SECURITY ......................................................................... 72 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER ....................................................................................................... 74 
DESCRIPTION OF THE iMAPS CAPITAL MARKETS GROUP ......................................................... 78 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ARRANGER ................................................................................................ 79 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTE TRUSTEE ......................................................................................... 80 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SECURITY TRUSTEE ....................................................... 81 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE CALCULATION AGENT .......................................................... 82 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT ......................... 83 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT ................................................ 85 
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS ................................................................................................... 86 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................. 108 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................... 114 
ANNEX 1 ........................................................................................................................................... 116

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer considers the risks disclosed in this section to be material risk factors, about which 
prospective ETI Securityholders should be aware. 
The ETI Securities will be solely debt obligations of the Issuer.  The ETI Securities will not be obligations 
or responsibilities of the Arranger, any Authorised Participants, the Programme Security Trustee, the 
Note Trustee or the Agents (or any affiliate of any such company). 
The purchase of, or investment in, any ETI Securities involves substantial risks.  Each prospective 
purchaser of, or investor in, ETI Securities should be familiar with instruments having characteristics 
similar to the ETI Securities and should fully understand the terms of the ETI Securities and the nature 
and extent of its exposure to risk of loss. 
Before making an investment decision prospective purchasers of, or investors in, ETI Securities should 
conduct such independent investigation and analysis regarding the Issuer, the ETI Securities, the 
Underlying Securities and all other relevant persons and such market and economic factors as they 
deem appropriate to evaluate the merits and risks of an investment in the ETI Securities.  However as 
part of such independent investigation and analysis, prospective purchasers of or investors in ETI 
Securities should consider carefully all the information set forth in this Base Prospectus and in the 
applicable Final Terms and the considerations set out below. 
Investment in the ETI Securities is only suitable for investors who have the knowledge and experience 
in financial and business matters necessary to enable them to evaluate the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms and the merits and risks of an investment in the ETI 
Securities in the context of the investor’s own financial, tax and regulatory circumstances and investment 
objectives. 
Investment in the ETI Securities (or a participation therein) is only suitable for investors who: 
(a) 
are capable of bearing the economic risk of an investment in the ETI Securities (or a participation 
therein) for an indefinite period of time; and 
(b) 
recognise that it may not be possible to make any transfer of the ETI Securities (or a participation 
therein) for a substantial period of time, if at all. 
The applicable Final Terms in connection with a Series of ETI Securities may contain sections setting 
out, in relation to the relevant Series, certain suitability and other investment considerations and / or risk 
factors relating to such Series and particular attention is drawn to those sections. 
Neither the Issuer nor the Arranger has any additional duties to investors that are acquiring an interest 
in the ETI Securities (or a participation therein) not for their own account for investment, but with a view 
to resell, distribute or otherwise dispose of such interest (subject to any applicable law requiring that the 
resale, distribution or other disposition of the investor’s property be within its control). 
The Issuer, the Arranger or any Authorised Participant may, in its discretion, disregard interest shown 
by a prospective investor even though that investor satisfies the foregoing suitability standards. 
None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Authorised Participant provide investment advice and therefore 
do not make any personal recommendations to investors or their representatives regarding investments 
in the ETI Securities.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
53031877.5 
Potential investors are also advised to seek the advice of their bank or an independent financial and / 
or legal and / or tax advisor and / or any other professional advisor before making any investment 
decision and to observe any local sales restrictions. 
The risks described may have a negative impact on the performance and liquidity of the ETI Securities.  
Please note that several risk factors may simultaneously affect the performance of the ETI Securities 
without any binding statement being made about their interaction. In addition, other currently unknown 
or unforeseeable risks may also have a negative impact on the value.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
53031877.5 
1.1 
Risks relating to the Issuer Special purpose company 
The Issuer is a “special purpose company” and has been established for the sole purpose of 
issuing multiple Series of ETI Securities under the Programme and the hedging of its 
obligations arising pursuant to such issuances.  The Issuer has issued share capital only in 
the amount of EUR 125,000.  It is a public limited company incorporated under the laws of 
Liechtenstein.  Should any unforeseen expenses or liabilities (which have not been provided 
for) arise, the Issuer may be unable to meet them, leading to an Event of Default under the 
ETI Securities. 
1.2 
No Ringfencing of the assets of the Issuer  
The Issuer will incur obligations from time to time with respect to further Series of ETI 
Securities.  There will be no ringfencing of the assets of the Issuer and all Series of ETI 
Securities will have recourse to a single pool of assets of the Issuer.  Accordingly, investors 
in one Series of ETI Securities will be exposed to the risk of the Issuer defaulting under 
another Series of ETI Securities or otherwise being unable to discharge its obligations in 
respect of any other Series of ETI Securities.  In the event that there is a shortfall in the 
assets of the Issuer such that it is unable to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI 
Securities, such shortfall will be shared on a pro rata basis by all Series of ETI Securities. 
1.3 
Creditworthiness and solvency risk of the Issuer 
In the event of the Issuer’s insolvency, investors run the risk of suffering the total loss of their 
investment. Capital protection is not applicable in respect of the Issuer or an investment in 
the ETI Securities. Investors in ETI Securities should therefore review their respective 
financial circumstances to determine whether they are in a position to bear the risks of loss 
associated with an investment in the ETI Securities, in particular a total loss risk. 
2 
Risks relating to the ETI Securities  
2.1 
Nature of an investment in ETI Securities 
The ETI Securities are not principal protected and are a high-risk investment.  The ETI 
Securityholders are neither assured of repayment of the capital invested nor are they 
assured of payment of any return on such capital.   
Any payments to be made on the ETI Securities depend on the value of the relevant 
Underlying Securities to which they are linked.  Should the Underlying Securities decrease 
in value, ETI Securityholders will incur a partial or total loss of their investment. 
2.2 
Ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities 
Holders of the ETI Securities will be exposed to the risk that the Issuer will have insufficient 
assets to meet its obligations under the ETI Securities. While the return payable by the Issuer 
on a redemption of the ETI Securities of each Series will be linked to the performance of the 
Underlying Securities to which that Series is linked, there can be no assurance that the Issuer 
will have sufficient assets to pay this amount. The Issuer does not have substantial assets 
other than the proceeds of the ETI Securities and accordingly the ability of the Issuer to meet 
its obligations under the ETI Securities will depend upon the performance of any investments 
acquired by the Issuer with the proceeds of the ETI Securities. The Issuer has discretion as

--- Page 10 ---
10 
53031877.5 
to how the proceeds of each Series of ETI Securities are used and if the Issuer was to invest 
in assets that did not perform as well as the Underlying Securities, it is likely that the Issuer 
would not have sufficient assets to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. 
To mitigate this risk the Issuer is subject to an obligation to comply with a maximum Risk 
Capital Ratio which will limit the ability of the Issuer to invest in assets other than the 
Underlying Securities.   
2.3 
Limited recourse nature of the ETI Securities  
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETI Securities, the Series Parties 
(other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) and the ETI Securityholders shall have 
recourse only to the assets of the Issuer, subject always to the Programme Security, and 
following their realisation, the proceeds of such assets. Any claim in relation to the ETI 
Securities which is not discharged in full from the proceeds of enforcement of the Programme 
Security and any claims against the Issuer of any other creditors of the Issuer who have 
agreed to limit their recourse in respect of such claim to the assets of the Issuer (including 
claims in respect of any other Series of ETI Securities but excluding any claims of the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent) (all such inclusive claims, together the “Pari Passu Claims”) 
shall be reduced pro rata (such reduction to be determined by the Calculation Agent) so that 
the total value of all Pari Passu Claims and any other unsecured claims against the Issuer 
shall not exceed the aggregate value of any remaining assets of the Issuer following the 
enforcement of the Programme Security (the “Remaining Assets”). If, following realisation 
in full of the Programme Security and the Remaining Assets (whether by way of liquidation, 
enforcement or otherwise) and application of available cash sums as provided in the 
Programme Security Trust Deed, any outstanding claim of the Series Parties (other than the 
Issuing and Paying Agent) and the ETI Securityholders against the Issuer remains unpaid, 
then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall be owed by the Issuer 
in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any such claim, none of the Series Parties 
(other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent), the ETI Securityholders or any other 
person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take any further steps against the 
Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service providers or directors to recover 
any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no debt shall be owed to any such 
persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent has not agreed to any limitation on its recourse against the Issuer 
or the Issuer’s assets or to the extinguishment of any claims it has or may have against the 
Issuer or the Issuer’s assets or to the steps that it may take against the Issuer.  
2.4 
Programme Security  
The ETI Securities of each Series will benefit from security granted by the Issuer in favour of 
the Programme Security Trustee pursuant to the Programme Security Trust Deed.  All 
Underlying Securities and related rights acquired by the Issuer from time to time will be 
subject to the security constituted by the Programme Security Trust Deed.  All Series of ETI 
Securities will benefit from the security constituted by the Programme Security Trust Deed 
on a pari passu basis.  The proceeds of enforcement of the security constituted by the 
Programme Security Trust Deed will be applied towards the payment of certain expenses of 
the Issuer in respect of the ETI Securities before being applied in payment of amounts 
outstanding under the ETI Securities.  If the proceeds of the enforcement of the security are 
insufficient to discharge the obligations of the Issuer in full in respect of all ETI Securities, 
the shortfall will be shared on a pro rata basis by all Series of ETI Securities.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
53031877.5 
While recourse in respect of the ETI Securities will extend to all assets of the Issuer, the 
security constituted by the Programme Security Trust Deed will only extend to any 
Underlying Securities and related rights acquired by the Issuer from time to time.  If the 
proceeds of the enforcement of the security are insufficient to satisfy the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of all Series of ETI Securities, the holders of the ETI Securities will rank as 
unsecured creditors in respect of any shortfall. In respect of such unsecured claims, the 
holders of the ETI Securities will rank pari passu with any other unsecured creditors of the 
Issuer.  If the Issuer has insufficient assets to discharge its obligations in respect of all such 
unsecured claims, the shortfall will be shared on a pro rata basis by all unsecured creditors, 
including the holders of the ETI Securities of each Series. 
2.5 
Liquidity 
Upon issuance of each Series of ETI Securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme, 
no secondary market for such Series will exist.  Prospective purchasers of the ETI Securities 
should therefore recognise that they may not be able to make any transfer of the ETI 
Securities for a substantial period of time, if at all.  Investors who wish to realise their 
investment may be required to redeem the ETI Securities and as described below, the right 
of redemption may be suspended by the Issuer at certain times and / or an ETI Securityholder 
which is not also an Authorised Participant may not have the right to require the Issuer to 
redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETI Securities.  Investment in the ETI Securities 
is therefore only suitable for investors who are capable of bearing the economic risk of an 
investment in the ETI Securities for extended periods.  The ETI Securities will be subject to 
restrictions on transfer as described under “Subscription and Sale.” 
2.6 
Standard Redemption may not be permitted 
An ETI Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
in the Conditions) require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETI 
Securities only where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that 
Standard Redemption is permitted or, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI 
Securities specifies that Standard Redemption is not permitted, only if the Issuer has notified 
the ETI Securityholders that Standard Redemption will be permitted. 
Where Standard Redemption is not permitted, ETI Securityholders would accordingly be 
unable to require the Issuer to redeem any ETI Securities. 
2.7 
Suspension of Redemptions  
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities at any time while 
the redemption of the Underlying Securities has been suspended by the Underlying Issuer.  
Unless terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, such suspension 
shall continue until such time as the suspension of the Underlying Securities terminates.  
The Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such 
suspension to the Series Parties and the ETI Securityholders as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but the failure to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such 
discretions.  
No redemption of the ETI Securities shall take place for the duration of any period during 
which the redemption of the ETI Securities is suspended. In such circumstances ETI

--- Page 12 ---
12 
53031877.5 
Securityholders would accordingly be unable to redeem any ETI Securities they hold within 
the normal timeframes specified in the Conditions. 
2.8 
Issuer call option 
The Issuer may at any time, in its sole and absolute discretion, elect to redeem all or some 
only of the ETI Securities of a Series. In exercising such discretion, the Issuer will have no 
regard to the interests of the ETI Securityholders, and ETI Securityholders may receive less, 
or substantially less, than their initial investment. 
2.9 
Amendments  
The Note Trustee may in its sole or absolute discretion and subject to it being indemnified 
and/or secured and/or prefunded to its satisfaction agree, without the consent of the ETI 
Securityholders to (A) any modification to the Programme Security Trust Deed, the 
Conditions, the Trust Deed and / or any other Series Document to which the Note Trustee is 
a party which is, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
is made to: (a) correct a manifest error; (b) comply with any mandatory provisions of 
applicable law; or (c) cure, correct or supplement any defective provision of the Programme 
Security Trust Deed, the Conditions, any Trust Deed and / or any other Series Document; 
(B) any modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of 
any of the Programme Security Trust Deed, the Conditions or any of the provisions of the 
Trust Deed and/or any other Series Document to which the Note Trustee is a party that is in 
the opinion of the Note Trustee not materially prejudicial to the interests of the ETI 
Securityholders; and (C) any modification to the Programme Security Trust Deed, the 
Conditions, any provisions of the Trust Deed and / or any other Series Document to which 
the Note Trustee is a party which the Issuer considers reasonably necessary as a result of 
any change in applicable law which has the effect of changing the regulatory status of the 
Issuer. 
2.10 
ETI Securityholders’ resolutions 
The Trust Deed includes provisions for the passing of resolutions (whether at a ETI 
Securityholders’ meeting by way of vote or by written resolution) of the ETI Securityholders 
in respect of (among any other matters) amendments to the Conditions of the ETI Securities 
and / or any other agreements relating to the ETI Securities.  Such provisions include, among 
other things, (i) quorum requirements for the holding of ETI Securityholders’ meetings and 
(ii) voting thresholds required to pass resolutions at such meetings (or through written 
resolutions).  The voting threshold at any ETI Securityholders’ meeting to pass a resolution 
other than an Extraordinary Resolution is a clear majority of the votes cast at the meeting.  
The voting threshold at any ETI Securityholders’ meeting in respect of an Extraordinary 
Resolution is at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast at the meeting (and, in the case of a 
written resolution, ETI Securityholders holding 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of ETI 
Securities outstanding who at such time are entitled to receive notice of a meeting).  
ETI Securityholders should be aware that any resolution (including an Extraordinary 
Resolution) duly passed by ETI Securityholders of a Series will bind all the ETI 
Securityholders.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
53031877.5 
2.11 
Tracking error 
While the amount which an ETI Securityholder will be entitled to receive from the Issuer upon 
a redemption of its ETI Securities will be dependent upon the value of the relevant Underlying 
Securities, the amount received by an ETI Securityholder may be less than they would have 
received had they invested directly in the relevant Underlying Securities.  Such a difference 
in the performance of the ETI Securities of a Series and the relevant Underlying Securities 
will arise due to the Marginfactor which is taken into account in the calculation of the 
Redemption Amount. 
2.12 
Clearing Systems 
Uncertificated ETI Securities issued under the Programme must be held through SIX Swiss 
Exchange and investors will not be entitled to receive individual certificates and will be able 
to trade their beneficial interests only through SIX Swiss Exchange. Holders of Uncertificated 
ETI Securities have to rely on the procedures of SIX Swiss Exchange for transfer, payment 
and communication with the Issuer. 
Bearer ETI Securities issued under the Programme represented by a Global Bearer Security 
must be held through Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing System specified in the 
applicable Final Terms and investors will be able to trade their beneficial interests only 
through Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing System. Holders of Bearer ETI Securities 
in the form of a Global Bearer Security have to rely on the procedures of Clearstream or such 
Alternative Clearing System for transfer, payment and communication with the Issuer. 
2.13 
Not a bank deposit 
Any investment in the ETI Securities does not have the status of a bank deposit in 
Liechtenstein and is not within the scope of any deposit protection scheme.  The Issuer is 
not regulated by the Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority by virtue of the issue of the ETI 
Securities. 
3 
Risks relating to the Underlying Securities 
3.1 
Underlying Securities 
The return payable by the Issuer in respect of the ETI Securities of each Series will be linked 
to the performance of Underlying Securities issued by an Underlying Issuer, which are 
specified as being applicable in the relevant Final Terms for that Series. Furthermore, the 
Issuer may in its discretion use the proceeds of the ETI Securities to purchase Underlying 
Securities to which a Series is linked.   
Such Underlying Securities do not offer principal protection but would be redeemed at a 
predetermined price linked primarily to the performance of an underlying asset or a portfolio 
of assets created by the relevant Underlying Issuer for such purposes pursuant to its articles 
of association and the Companies Law (as revised) of the Cayman Islands.   
The assets to which the performance of the Underlying Securities is linked may be 
unpredictable and volatile and the relevant Underlying Issuer does not guarantee that any 
changes will be beneficial. As a result, the value of such Underlying Securities may decrease

--- Page 14 ---
14 
53031877.5 
and accordingly an investor in the ETI Securities may receive less than the amount initially 
invested or even zero.  
Furthermore, if the Issuer were to invest in such Underlying Securities it may on redemption 
receive less than the amount initially invested which may adversely affect its ability to 
discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. Furthermore, the relevant 
Underlying Issuer may decide, opt, fail or otherwise default in making any payment on the 
Underlying Securities which would, in turn, result in the Issuer being unable to effect payment 
to Investors.  Any Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer will not be held by the Issuer 
for the benefit of the Investors and ETI Securityholders will not have any claim in respect of 
any such assets or any rights of ownership, including, without limitation, any voting rights or 
rights to receive any distributions in respect of the relevant underlying assets. In addition, 
ETI Securityholders will have no claim against the relevant Underlying Issuer in relation to 
any such Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer. The relevant Underlying Issuer has 
no obligation to act in the interests of Investors. 
3.2 
No interest in the Underlying Securities 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ETI Securities issued under the Programme will not convey 
any interest in the Underlying Securities nor confer on the holders of such ETI Securities any 
right (whether in respect of voting, dividend or other distribution) which the holder of any of 
the Underlying Securities may have.  The Issuer will not be an agent of the holders of the 
ETI Securities for any purpose. 
3.3 
Nature of an investment in the Underlying Securities  
The Underlying Securities are not principal protected and any payments to be made on the 
Underlying Securities depend on the value of the related asset or the portfolio of assets 
maintained by the relevant Underlying Issuer.  Should the related asset or the portfolio of 
assets decrease in value, the value of the Underlying Securities will correspondingly 
decrease which could result in holders of the ETI Securities incurring a partial or total loss of 
their investment. 
3.4 
Risk of the Underlying Issuer 
By acquiring ETI Securities, investors will be exposed to the credit risk of the relevant 
Underlying Issuer specified in the Final Terms.  The Issuer will similarly be exposed to the 
credit risk of the relevant Underlying Issuer if it directly acquires the Underlying Securities.  
The Underlying Issuers are not constituted as subsidiaries of the Issuer. Each Underlying 
Issuer is a special purpose entity with no business operations other than issuing the 
Underlying Securities, acquiring and owning the related assets or portfolios of assets, and 
entering into related transaction documents. Therefore, the ability of the relevant Underlying 
Issuer to meet its obligations under the Underlying Securities will depend, inter alia, upon the 
performance of the related assets or portfolios of assets. Other than the foregoing, the 
relevant Underlying Issuer will have no funds available to meet its obligations under the 
Underlying Securities.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
53031877.5 
3.5 
Information Regarding the Underlying Securities 
Certain information regarding the Underlying Securities and the Underlying Issuers is 
contained in this Base Prospectus.  Such information has been extracted from information 
published by the Underlying Issuers.  The Issuer confirms that such information has been 
accurately reproduced.  No further or other responsibility in respect of such information is 
accepted by the Issuer.  The Issuer has not separately verified such information. Accordingly, 
other than as stated above, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, 
is made, and no responsibility or liability is accepted, by the Issuer as to the accuracy or 
completeness of the information concerning the Underlying Securities and the Underlying 
Issuers contained in this Base Prospectus.  
In addition to the information contained in this Base Prospectus, potential investors should 
consult the further information on the Underlying Issuer and the related Underlying Securities 
which can be found on the website of the Arranger, https://imaps-capital.com/. Potential 
Investors should conduct their own investigations and, in deciding whether or not to purchase 
ETI Securities, should form their own views on the Underlying Issuers and the Underlying 
Securities based on such investigations and not in reliance on any information given in this 
Base Prospectus. 
3.6 
Provision of information 
None of the Series Parties (i) has provided or will provide prospective purchasers of ETI 
Securities with any information or advice with respect to the Underlying Securities, or (ii) 
makes any representation as to the quality of the Underlying Securities.  The Series Parties 
may have acquired, or during the term of the ETI Securities may acquire, non-public 
information with respect to the Underlying Securities which will not be disclosed to investors.  
The timing and limited scope of the information provided to investors regarding the 
Underlying Securities may affect the liquidity of the ETI Securities and the ability to obtain 
valuations accordingly.  None of the Series Parties is under any obligation to make such 
information, whether or not confidential, available to investors. 
4 
Risks relating to taxation 
Each ETI Securityholder will assume and be solely responsible for any and all taxes of any 
jurisdiction or governmental or regulatory authority, including, without limitation, any state or 
local taxes or other like assessment or charges that may be applicable to any payment to it 
in respect of the ETI Securities.  The Issuer will not pay any additional amounts to ETI 
Securityholders to reimburse them for any tax, assessment or charge required to be withheld 
or deducted from payments in respect of the ETI Securities. The tax legislation of the 
investor’s Member State and of the issuer’s country of incorporation may have an impact on 
the income received from the ETI Securities. 
5 
Regulatory risk 
The Issuer is not required to be licensed, registered or authorised under any current 
securities, commodities, insurance or banking laws of its jurisdiction of incorporation and will 
operate without supervision by any authority in any jurisdiction.  There is no assurance, 
however, that regulatory authorities in one or more jurisdictions would not take a contrary 
view regarding the applicability of any such laws to the Issuer.  The taking of a contrary view 
by any such regulatory authority could have an adverse impact on the Issuer or the holders

--- Page 16 ---
16 
53031877.5 
of ETI Securities.  Prospective investors should note that because the Issuer and the ETI 
Securities will not be licensed, registered, authorised or otherwise approved by any 
regulatory or supervisory body or authority, many of the requirements attendant to such 
licensing, registration, authorisation or approval (which may be viewed as providing 
additional investor protection) will not apply. 
6 
Risks relating to Conflicts of Interest  
One (1) or more individuals may hold shares in and/or may be appointed to the board of 
directors (whether as executive or non-executive directors) of the Issuer, any Underlying 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Calculation Agent, the Note Trustee, the Security Trustee and / or 
any Authorised Participants. Such person may have an interest in securing maximum profits 
for the entities in which he holds shares or of which he is a director to the detriment of the 
Issuer and ETI Securityholders. 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC is acting in a number of capacities in connection with this 
transaction. With respect to the Issuer, iMaps Capital Markets SEZC will act as the Arranger, 
an Authorised Participant and the Calculation Agent. Furthermore, with respect to the 
Underlying Issuers, iMaps Capital Markets SEZC will also act as Arranger. iMaps Capital 
Markets SEZC will have only those duties and responsibilities expressly agreed to by it in 
the Series Documents to which it is a party and will not, by virtue of its or any of its affiliates 
acting in any other capacity, be deemed to have any other duties or responsibilities or be 
deemed to be held to a standard of care other than as expressly provided therein. Mr 
Andreas Wölfl, a director of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC, is also a director of the Issuer.   
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC will be the sole holder of the management shares of each 
Underlying Issuer.  Aeternitas Imperium Privatstiftung (incorporated in Liechtenstein) is the 
majority shareholder of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC holding 100% of its issued shares. The 
only two directors of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC are also the only two directors of each 
Underlying Issuer. 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC may also be entitled to receive a number of fees in connection 
with the various capacities in which it is acting. The relevant Calculation Agency Agreement 
may provide that the Issuer shall pay to the Calculation Agent such fees as may be 
separately agreed between them from time to time.  iMaps Capital Markets SEZC may also 
be entitled to receive a fee from the relevant Underlying Issuer and other service providers 
like prime brokers used by the Underlying Issuer.   
Andreas Wölfl is a director of the Issuer, the Arranger, the Authorised Participant, the 
Calculation Agent and the Underlying Issuer as well as an indirect beneficial owner of the 
Issuer, the Arranger, the Authorised Participant, the Calculation Agent and the Underlying 
Issuer and thus may have an interest to maximise profits on these companies to the 
detriment of the ETI Securityholders. 
7 
Risks relating to other factors 
7.1 
No restrictions on activities 
Any of the Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their behalf may 
have existing or future business relationships (including depository, lending, advisory or any 
other kind of commercial or investment management activities or other business) with any of

--- Page 17 ---
17 
53031877.5 
the other Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their behalf and 
may purchase, sell or otherwise deal in any assets or obligations of, or relating to, any such 
party.  Any of the Series Parties and any affiliate of any of them or other person on their 
behalf may act with respect to any such business, assets or obligations without regard to any 
possible consequences for the Issuer, the ETI Securities or any ETI Securityholder (or the 
impact of any such dealing on the interests of any ETI Securityholder) or otherwise. 
7.2 
Credit risk in respect of the Agents 
The ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the ETI Securities will be dependent 
upon the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent making the relevant payments when due.  
Accordingly, ETI Securityholders are exposed, inter alia, to the creditworthiness of the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent.  
7.3 
Currency risk 
ETI Securityholders may be exposed to currency risks, because (i) the Underlying Securities 
may be denominated in a currency other than the applicable currency of the ETI Securities; 
(ii) the ETI Securities are denominated in a currency other than that of the country in which 
the ETI Securityholder is a resident; or (iii) the assets comprised in the portfolio to which the 
Underlying Securities are linked are denominated in a currency other than the applicable 
currency of the ETI Securities.  The value of the ETI Securities may therefore increase or 
decrease, based on currency fluctuations. 
7.4 
Independent review and advice 
Each prospective investor must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of 
the ETI Securities: (a) is fully consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the ETI Securities in a 
fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, objectives and condition; (b) complies 
and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines and restrictions applicable to it 
(whether acquiring the ETI Securities as principal or in a fiduciary capacity); and (c) is a fit, 
proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the ETI Securities in a fiduciary 
capacity, for the beneficiary), notwithstanding the clear and substantial risks inherent in 
investing in or holding the ETI Securities. 
7.5 
No reliance 
Other than the Issuer disclosing these risk factors, the Series Parties and all affiliates of any 
of them cannot and do not have any duty to advise purchasers of the ETI Securities of 
suitability and investment considerations for such purchasers associated with the purchase 
of the ETI Securities as they may exist at the date hereof or from time to time hereafter.   
Each prospective investor should ensure that it fully understands the nature of the transaction 
into which it is entering and the nature and extent of its exposure to the risk of loss of all or a 
substantial part of its investment.  In relation to any issue of ETI Securities under the Programme, 
attention is drawn, in particular, to Condition 5.2 (Limited Recourse and non-petition) and 
Condition 11 (Enforcement).

--- Page 18 ---
18 
53031877.5 
ETI Securities issued by the Issuer under its Programme may be illiquid investments the purchase of 
which involves substantial risks.  None of the Issuer, the Arranger or any Authorised Participant will 
undertake to make a market in the ETI Securities of any Series. 
Investors’ attention is also drawn to the Taxation section of this Base Prospectus. 
The tax consequences for each investor in the ETI Securities can be different and therefore investors 
are advised to consult with their tax advisers as to their specific consequences. 
THE CONSIDERATIONS SET OUT ABOVE ARE NOT, AND ARE NOT INTENDED TO BE, A 
COMPREHENSIVE LIST OF ALL CONSIDERATIONS RELEVANT TO A DECISION TO PURCHASE 
OR HOLD ANY ETI SECURITIES.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
In accordance with Article 8(11) of the Prospectus Regulation, this Base Prospectus should also be read 
and construed in conjunction with the form of the Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms and the relevant 
Conditions of the ETI Securities from the previous base prospectus relating to the Issuer’s Programme 
which was approved by the FMA on 14 July 2020 (as supplemented on 11 January 2021 and 19 April 
2021) (the “Old Base Prospectus”) (with respect to any ETI Securities offered to the public and which 
offer continues after the expiration of such previous base prospectus under which it was commenced), 
which are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
This Base Prospectus may be supplemented from time to time. 
Audited financial statements for the period ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have 
been prepared and are included at Annex 1 of this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of all documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found on the website 
of the Arranger, http://www.imaps-capital.com/etis.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
INFORMATION RELATING TO SERIES 
General 
The information relating to the Issuer’s Programme set out in this Base Prospectus should be read in 
conjunction with the relevant Final Terms in relation to any particular Series of ETI Securities and the 
terms of the relevant Constituting Instrument relating to such ETI Securities. Further information in 
respect of each Series of ETI Securities, and of the terms and conditions specific thereto, will be given 
in the applicable Final Terms and the relevant Constituting Instrument. 
Pursuant to the Programme, the Issuer may from time to time create ETI Securities in the form of 
derivative securities in accordance with the terms and conditions of the ETI Securities (the 
“Conditions”). The ETI Securities will be issued in series (each a “Series”) which may comprise one or 
more tranches issued on different issue dates. The ETI Securities of each tranche of the same Series 
will all be subject to identical terms, except for the issue dates and / or issue prices of the respective 
trenches. References herein to the “Conditions” of any Series or Tranche of ETI Securities are to the 
conditions of the ETI Securities of a Series or Tranche, being those set out under “Terms and Conditions 
of the ETI Securities” below, as completed by the applicable Final Terms in respect of each issue of ET! 
Securities, and by any other document specified as doing so. The applicable Final Terms relating to a 
Series or Tranche may complete any of the Conditions set out in this Base Prospectus, and in respect 
of such a Series the descriptions in this Base Prospectus shall be read as being subject to the Conditions 
as completed accordingly. In respect of any Series or Tranche of ETI Securities, the Issuer may issue a 
supplement to this Base Prospectus containing additional information in relation to the Conditions which 
are to apply to that Series or Tranche. 
ETI Securities may be issued as Uncertificated ETI Securities or Bearer ETI Securities. The form of the 
ETI Securities of a Series will be specified in the Final Terms applicable for that Series of ETI Securities. 
The Holders of the Uncertificated ETI Securities shall at no time have the right to demand the conversion 
of Uncertificated ETI Securities into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate or physical 
securities. By contrast, the Issuer shall have the right to effect the conversion of the Uncertificated ETI 
Securities into a permanent global certificate or physical securities and vice versa. 
By (i) registering the Uncertificated ETI Securities in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX SIS Ltd, 
Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central depository (“SIS”) and (ii) by crediting the Uncertificated 
ETI Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of a depository bank with SIS, intermediated 
securities 
(Bucheffekten) 
pursuant 
to 
the 
Swiss 
Federal 
Intermediated 
Securities 
Act 
(Bucheffektengesetz) (“FISA”) are created. 
Bearer ETI Securities may be issued in new global note form (“NGN”) and in classic global note form 
(“CGN”) and serially numbered. 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Terms and Conditions of the ETI Securities” contains 
further details relating to the form of ETl Securities which may be issued under the Issuer’s Programme. 
The Section of this Base Prospectus entitled “Subscription and Sale” contains further details relating to 
the selling and transfer restrictions applicable to the ETI Securities. Other than as expressly disclosed 
in this Base Prospectus, no action has been taken which would permit a public offering of the ETl 
Securities or possession or distribution of this Base Prospectus or any other offering material in any 
jurisdiction where action for this purpose would be required. 
Each Series of ETI Securities will be governed by the laws of Ireland.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
53031877.5 
ETI Securities may be issued on a continuous basis in Series with no minimum size subject to 
compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, including, without limitation, any applicable 
requirements of the Vienna Stock Exchange or any other Relevant Stock Exchange or competent 
authority on or by which the ETI Securities of a Series are intended to be listed or traded. 
ETI Securities will be made available by the Issuer for subscription only to Authorised Participants who 
have submitted a valid subscription order to the Issuer. ETI Securities will be issued to investors as per 
the arrangements in place between the Authorised Participants and such investor, including as to the 
application process, allocation, price, expenses and settlement arrangements. 
Listing 
Application has been made to the Vienna Stock Exchange for certain Series to be admitted to listing 
and trading on the Vienna MTF.   
Founded in 1771, Wiener Börse AG, the company that operates the Vienna Stock Exchange, is one of 
the oldest stock exchanges in the world.  Today, it is a modern, customer and market-oriented 
company.  The Vienna Stock Exchange operates Austria’s only securities exchange.  It provides state-
of-the-art infrastructure, market data and information to ensure the smooth and efficient execution of 
stock exchange transactions and facilitate interaction among all market participants. 
The core business of the exchange is the operation of a cash market (equity market, bond market) as 
well as a market for trading in structured products. 
In addition, an application may be made for a Series to be listed on any other stock exchange or 
multilateral trading facility or a Series may be unlisted.  There can be no assurance that any application 
for listing will be successful or that if successful, that the admission to listing will be maintained for the 
term of the ETI Securities.   
Selling restrictions 
There are restrictions on the offer or sale of ETI Securities and the distribution of offering materials, see 
the section of this Securities Note entitled “Subscription and Sale”.   
Public offers of ETI Securities in the European Economic Area 
The ETI Securities may, subject as provided below, be offered in certain Member States of the European 
Economic Area which have implemented the Prospectus Regulation in circumstances where there is no 
exemption from the obligation under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus.  Any such offer 
is referred to as a “Public Offer”. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor the Arranger have authorised, nor do they authorise, the 
making of any Public Offer of ETI Securities in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or the Arranger to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
Consent in accordance with Article 5 of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of any Public Offer of the ETI Securities, the Issuer accepts responsibility for the content 
of the Base Prospectus in relation to any person to whom an offer is made by any Authorised Offeror 
(as defined below) to whom the Issuer has given its consent to use the Base Prospectus where the offer 
is made in compliance with all conditions attached to the giving of the consent.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
53031877.5 
The Issuer has no responsibility for any of the actions of any Authorised Offeror, including compliance 
by an Authorised Offeror with applicable conduct of business rules or other local regulatory requirements 
or other securities law requirements in relation to such Public Offer. 
Save as provided below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Public Offer and the Issuer 
has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any person in connection with any Public Offer 
of ETI Securities.  Any Public Offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and the 
Issuer does not accept any liability or responsibility for the actions of the persons making any such 
unauthorised offer.  If, in the context of a Public Offer, any person is offered ETI Securities by a person 
which is not an Authorised Offeror, any potential investor should check with such person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus, and if so, who that person is.  If such potential investor is in any 
doubt about whether it can rely on this Prospectus and/or who is responsible for its contents it should 
take legal advice. 
Consent 
If so specified in the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of ETI Securities, the Issuer consents to the 
use of the Base Prospectus by each financial intermediary identified in the relevant Final Terms to be 
an authorised offeror (an “Authorised Offeror”) in connection with any offer of ETI Securities that is not 
within an exemption from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”) during the offer period specified in the relevant Final Terms (the “Offer Period”), 
in the relevant Member State(s) and subject to the applicable conditions, in each case specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
INVESTORS INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY ETI SECURITIES IN A PUBLIC 
OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH 
ETI SECURITIES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH 
INVESTOR AND THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT ARRANGEMENTS.  THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK 
TO THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION.  NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR THE ARRANGER HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Applications for ETI Securities under Public Offers 
Applications for the ETI Securities should be made directly to an Authorised Offeror.   
Governing law 
The governing law of the ETI Securities is Irish law.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
53031877.5 
OVERVIEW OF SERIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
NOTES 
1. 
The Issuer has discretion with respect to how the issue proceeds of the ETI Securities are applied and may, 
but is not obliged to, use such proceeds to subscribe for Underlying Securities. 
2. 
The assets of the Issuer will be realised to discharge the obligations of the Issuer in respect of the ETI 
Securities. 
3. 
The Redemption Amounts payable to ETI Securityholders in respect of the ETI Securities (as calculated in 
accordance with the Conditions) will reflect the performance of the Underlying Securities.  The ETI Securities 
shall not bear any interest. 
4. 
The ETI Securities will benefit from Programme Security granted in favour of the Programme Security Trustee 
over any Underlying Securities and related rights acquired by the Issuer from time to time. The Programme 
Security will not extend to assets of the Issuer other than the Underlying Securities and the related rights. 
Proceeds of Assets 
(See Note 2 Below) 
Issue Proceeds 
(See Note 1 below) 
Redemption 
Amounts 
(See Note 3 
below) 
ETI 
Securities
Issue Price 
 
Assets of the Issuer  
 
Noteholder 
Services PTC 
 
(as Note Trustee) 
iMaps ETI AG 
(as Issuer) 
 
ETI Securityholders 
iMaps Capital Markets 
SEZC  
(as Calculation Agent) 
 
Fiduciary  
Relationship 
Calculation Agency 
Agreement 
ISP Securities Ltd 
(Uncertificated ETI 
Securities) / Baader Bank 
AG (Bearer ETI Securities) 
(as Issuing and Principal 
Paying Agent) 
Paying Agent 
Agreement 
iMaps Capital Markets 
SEZC  
 (as Authorised 
Participant) 
Authorised Participant  
Agreement 
Collateral Services 
PTC 
(as Programme 
Security Trustee) 
Programme Security  
(See Note 4 below)

--- Page 24 ---
24 
53031877.5 
INVESTOR RETURN  
ETI Securities of each Series will provide a return equal to the Redemption Amount (as described below) 
which will reflect the performance of the Underlying Securities.  
The Final Terms for each Series of ETI Securities will specify the Underlying Security and related 
Underlying Issuer which are applicable for that Series. Details of the Underlying Issuers that may be 
specified in the Final Terms are included in the section of this Base Prospectus entitled the “The 
Underlying Issuers”.  
The Redemption Amount payable under the ETI Securities may diverge from the price of the Underlying 
Securities due to the Marginfactor which is taken into account in the calculation of the Redemption 
Amount. 
Redemption Amount 
The Redemption Amount in respect of an ETI Security for any day (the “Relevant Day”), is calculated 
as follows: 
NAV(t) 
Redemption Amount = --------------* Denomination * Marginfactor*Adjustment Factor  
NAV(0) 
Where: 
“Adjustment Factor”: A number starting at 1 and adjusted on each day on which a Corporate Action is 
effected in respect of the Underlying Security, such adjustment to be determined by the Calculation 
Agent and made in such a way that the Redemption Amount is not affected by the Corporate Action of 
the Underlying Security; 
“Corporate Action” means all corporate law measures including splits, dividend pay-outs, payouts by 
means of reduction of capital, mergers, capital increases or reductions and similar transactions having 
economic effects on the Underlying Issuer and/or the Underlying Security; 
“NAV(t)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the NAV Day immediately preceding the Relevant Day; 
“NAV(0)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the first NAV Day immediately following the Series 
Issue Date; 
“Marginfactor” means 98% (or such higher percentage as the Issuer may in its absolute discretion 
determine) provided however that in respect of any redemption occurring following a Risk Capital Default 
Event, the Marginfactor shall be 100%;  
“NAV Day”: Each day the Underlying Issuer accepts without restrictions subscriptions as well as 
redemptions in respect of the Underlying Security; and 
“NAV of the Underlying”: means, in respect of each NAV Day, the price receivable by redeeming the 
Underlying Security on such NAV Day. 
The ETI Securities are zero-coupon debt instruments and shall not bear any interest.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
53031877.5 
Redemption by ETI Securityholders 
An ETI Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in the 
Conditions) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of its holding 
of such ETI Securities only where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that 
Standard Redemption is permitted or, where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities 
specifies that Standard Redemption is not permitted, only if the Issuer has notified the ETI 
Securityholders that Standard Redemption will be permitted. 
An ETI Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in the 
Conditions) on any AP Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of ETI 
Securities at the Redemption Amount by submitting to the Issuer a valid Redemption Order in 
accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement.   
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day in respect of any Redemption Order, the 
Issuer shall notify the relevant ETI Securityholder of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of ETI 
Securities which are the subject of that Redemption Order. The Redemption Amount in respect of ETI 
Securities which are the subject of that Redemption Order shall be paid on the Redemption Settlement 
Date in respect of the relevant Redemption Day which shall be the tenth Issuer Business Day after the 
notification by the Issuer of the Redemption Amount for that Redemption Day.   
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the redemption of ETI Securities by transfer 
of the appropriate number of ETI Securities to one or more Authorised Participants from ETI 
Securityholders requesting redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer may authorise any person on 
behalf of the ETI Securityholder to execute one or more instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant 
number of ETI Securities provided that the amount payable to the ETI Securityholder shall nonetheless 
be an amount equal to the relevant Redemption Amount and the relevant Redemption Settlement Date 
shall be the date of such transfer. 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement agree with any ETI 
Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy any requests for the redemption of any 
ETI Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such ETI Securityholder on the Redemption 
Settlement Date of Underlying Securities with a value determined by the Calculation Agent to be equal 
to the Redemption Amount. 
Suspension of Optional Redemptions 
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities at any time while the 
redemption of the Underlying Securities has been suspended by the Underlying Issuer.  Unless 
terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, such suspension shall continue until 
such time as the suspension of the Underlying Securities terminates.  
The Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of any such suspension to 
the Series Parties and the ETI Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, but the failure to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions.   
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the ETI Securityholders of any Series (such notice, 
the “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”), elect to redeem all or some only of the ETI Securities and 
designate a Redemption Day for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Redemption 
Day shall not be earlier than the first calendar day following the expiry of the Issuer Call Redemption

--- Page 26 ---
26 
53031877.5 
Notice Period.  Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day designated by the Issuer the 
Issuer shall notify the ETI Securityholders of the Redemption Amount payable in respect of the ETI 
Securities which are the subject of the Issuer Call Redemption Notice.  Each ETI Security which is to be 
redeemed on such Redemption Day designated by the Issuer shall become due and payable on the 
related Redemption Settlement Date at its Redemption Amount. In the event that only some of the 
outstanding ETI Securities of a Series are called for redemption pursuant to an Issuer Call Redemption 
Notice, a pro rata portion of each ETI Securityholder’s ETI Securities of that Series shall be subject to 
such redemption.  
Perpetual ETI Securities.   
The ETI Securities are perpetual securities and do not have a specified maturity date.   
Calculation of Redemption Amounts 
The Redemption Amount for ETI Securities will be calculated by the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 27 ---
27 
53031877.5 
THE UNDERLYING ISSUER 
The ETI Securities are linked to the price of the securities specified in the relevant Final Terms and as 
identified below (the “Underlying Securities”). The issuer of the Underlying Securities (the “Underlying 
Issuer”) will also be specified in the Final Terms. In general, as the value of the Underlying Securities 
increases or decreases, so will the Redemption Amount payable in respect of such ETI Securities.  
Investors should note that the Issuer may, but is not obliged to, apply the proceeds of the ETI Securities 
towards the acquisition of the relevant Underlying Securities. However, as described at the section 
below entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the Issuer is required to comply with a maximum Risk Capital Ratio 
which will limit the extent to which the Issuer can invest in assets other than those which serve as a 
direct hedge of the Issuer’s obligations under the ETI Securities. 
Set out below is a description of Pecunia SPC which may be specified as an Underlying Issuer for any 
Series of ETI Securities.  
 
1. Pecunia SPC 
Pecunia SPC is a segregated portfolio company established as a segregated portfolio company 
incorporated with limited liability under the laws of Cayman Islands on 26 July 2016 with registration 
number CY-313693.  The registered office of Pecunia SPC is c/o Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) 
Limited, P.O. Box 2681, SIX, 2nd Floor, Cricket Square, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, 
Cayman Islands and its telephone number is +1 (345) 232 1382. The duration of Pecunia SPC is 
indefinite. 
Pecunia SPC only accepts investors being group companies. Cayman Islands, as well as, most 
jurisdictions, including Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the European Union, consider companies 
or other vehicles only accepting group companies as investors not as mutual funds. Furthermore 
Cayman Islands consider companies issuing debt securities not as collective investment schemes, even 
if the debt securities are linked to and or backed by underlying assets or portfolios. 
Pecunia SPC is therefore not licensed by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as a regulated mutual 
fund and not subject to any kind of regulatory supervision. Pecunia SPC has no subsidiaries. 
An overview of Pecunia SPC is included below. Further information on Pecunia SPC and the Portfolio 
Securities it may issue from time to time, including extracts from the latest offering documents of Pecunia 
SPC and information on the underlying Segregated Portfolio can be found on the website of the 
Arranger, http://www.imaps-capital.com/.  
Portfolio Securities  
Pecunia SPC may constitute an unlimited number of segregated portfolios (the “Segregated 
Portfolios”) which are not separate legal entities from Pecunia SPC but have segregated assets and 
liabilities between themselves and with Pecunia SPC.  Details of the Segregated Portfolios established 
from time to time by Pecunia SPC including the investment objectives, strategies and restrictions which 
apply to such Segregated Portfolios, will be contained the offering supplements or similar documents. 
Pecunia SPC may issue portfolio shares (“Portfolio Shares”) or portfolio linked notes (“Portfolio 
Linked Notes” and together with the Portfolio Shares, the “Portfolio Securities”) in respect of each 
Segregated Portfolio it establishes.  All Portfolio Securities of a Segregated Portfolio participate equally 
in the net assets of that Segregated Portfolio as are represented by the appropriate class(es) of Portfolio

--- Page 28 ---
28 
53031877.5 
Securities on liquidation and in any dividends and other distributions attributable to that Segregated 
Portfolio as may be declared. All Portfolio Securities of a Segregated Portfolio track equally the 
performance of that Segregated Portfolio. 
Each Segregated Portfolio can issue multiple classes of Portfolio Shares and also classes of debt 
instruments and trackers being non-segregated from each other.   
Underlying Securities  
Where Pecunia SPC is specified as the relevant Underlying Issuer for any Series of ETI Securities, the 
Final Terms of that Series will also specify the Portfolio Securities which are the Underlying Securities 
to which that Series of ETI Securities is linked.  
Management of Pecunia SPC  
 
 
 
 
 
 
The board of directors of Pecunia SPC has responsibility for managing Pecunia SPC in accordance with 
its offering memorandum, any offering supplement(s), the articles of association of Pecunia SPC, 
Cayman Islands law and other relevant legal and regulatory requirements.  
The board of directors of Pecunia SPC is also responsible for selecting service providers and any other 
agents as may be necessary from time to time.  
Meetings of the board of directors of Pecunia SPC are held in the Cayman Islands. 
The directors of Pecunia SPC as at the date of this Base Prospectus are Andreas Wölfl and Ian Morgan.  
Andreas Wölfl 
Having completed his Master in Business Administration at Vienna University Economics and Business, 
Mr Andreas Wölfl started his career in investment services at the Vienna Stock Exchange in 2000 within 
the index and derivatives team. Soon he headed the Austrian Indices and their committees.  Since 2004 
Mr Wölfl has developed as an entrepreneur and he has been a director in asset management companies 
domiciled in Switzerland and Liechtenstein, a German bank and a securitisation company in 
Luxembourg.  Since 2007 Mr Wölfl has been engaged in the business of securitisations and structured 
investment products and has already coordinated several listings of securitised products at the 
Regulated Unofficial Market of Deutsche Boerse AG, the MTF operated by the Vienna Stock Exchange, 
the EWSM and the Gibraltar Stock Exchange.  Mr Wölfl has been appointed director of Pecunia SPC 
since its inception on the 26th July 2016.  
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr Wölfl is connected with the sole holder of the issued 
Management Shares of Pecunia SPC, namely iMaps Capital Markets SEZC, the Arranger of the 
Programme.  Mr Andreas Wölfl is a director of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC and an indirect beneficial 
owner.  
Ian Morgan 
Mr Morgan is a qualified accountant and a fellow of the Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, 
a global professional accounting body. He has 14 years of fund accounting and administration 
experience and 7 years of trust company experience. 
He began his accounting career with a large UK insurance company before moving in 1996 to the 
Cayman Islands to join a fund administration company as an Account Manager. He has also been an

--- Page 29 ---
29 
53031877.5 
account manager and later the assistant manager of Fund Accounting with Butterfield Fund Services 
Ltd., Butterfield Fulcrum Group and Vice President of Client On-Boarding for Maples Fund Services. 
Since 2011, he has been the Senior Client Accountant for Itaú Bank and Trust Company (Cayman) 
Limited and the Accountant and Vice President of Bessemer Trust Company (Cayman) Limited. 
Mr Morgan was appointed a director of Pecunia SPC on 31 May 2018. 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr Morgan is connected with the sole holder of the issued 
Management Shares of Pecunia SPC, namely iMaps Capital Markets SEZC, the Arranger of the 
Programme.  Mr Ian Morgan is a director and C.E.O. of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC.  
Samit Ghosh 
Mr Ghosh is a Director in Capital Markets at Intertrust Cayman.  Mr Ghosh acts as a director on special 
purpose vehicles which engage in private equity and structured finance transactions including CLOs, 
CDOs, MTN, note issuing programmes, CAT Bonds, IP and asset financing transactions. Mr Ghosh also 
has experience in agency functions like fiscal & paying agent, RTA, listing agent and principal paying 
agent. 
Mr Ghosh was previously the head of corporate trust and loan agency at HSBC, Cayman.  Prior to that 
Mr Ghosh managed a large portfolio of private trusts at Butterfield Bank, Cayman.  Mr Ghosh is also an 
adjunct professor of finance at ICCI, Cayman where he teaches various finance subjects like Business 
Finance, Risk Management, Money and Banking, Investments and Elements of Banking at the 
Bachelors and Masters level.  Mr Ghosh is a CAIA, TEP (Dip) and holds an MBA. 
Mr Ghosh was appointed a director of Pecunia SPC on 21 April 2021. 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr Ghosh is connected with the Note Trustee, Noteholder 
Services PTC, and with the Security Trustee, Collateral Services PTC.  Mr Ghosh is a director of both 
Noteholder Services PTC and Collateral Services PTC.  
The address of the directors of Pecunia SPC is the registered office of Pecunia SPC.  
The directors of Pecunia SPC shall be entitled to a remuneration of up to twenty-five thousand United 
States dollars (USD 25,000) per annum in aggregate, in addition to up to five thousand United States 
dollars (USD 5,000) per annum in aggregate, per additional Segregated Portfolio. No further cash or in-
kind benefits are anticipated. 
Pecunia SPC has not established an audit committee or a remuneration committee. 
Pecunia SPC does not comply with the corporate governance regime imposed in the Cayman Islands 
for issuers of securities admitted to trading at the regulated market because Pecunia SPC does not 
intend to list any of the Portfolio Securities on the Cayman Island Stock Exchange or any regulated 
markets outside of the Cayman Islands.  
It shall be the duty of the directors of Pecunia SPC to: 
● 
keep the assets and liabilities of Pecunia SPC separate and separately identifiable from the 
assets and liabilities of each of its Segregated Portfolios; and

--- Page 30 ---
30 
53031877.5 
● 
keep the assets and liabilities of each of the Segregated Portfolios separate and separately 
identifiable from the assets and liabilities of the other Segregated Portfolios of Pecunia SPC.  
The duties described above are not breached by reason only that the directors of Pecunia SPC cause 
or permit assets of Pecunia SPC or any of its Segregated Portfolios to be collectively invested, or 
collectively managed by a specific investment manager provided that the assets so invested or managed 
shall remain separately identifiable in accordance with the above provisions. 
Capitalisation of Pecunia SPC 
The share capital of Pecunia SPC is USD 50,000 divided into ten thousand (10,000) management 
shares of a par value of USD 0.01 each (“Management Shares”) and four million nine hundred and 
ninety thousand (4,990,000) Portfolio Shares of a par value of USD 0.01 each.  
The paid up share capital of Pecunia SPC shall at all times be equal to the net asset value of Pecunia 
SPC as determined in accordance with its articles of association.  
Management Shares 
The holder of each Management Share is entitled to one vote per share on all matters which may arise 
for consideration by the holders of the issued and outstanding voting shares of Pecunia SPC. 
All Management Shares of Pecunia SPC have been issued to iMaps Capital Markets SEZC, the 
Arranger of the Programme. Except to the extent that they have the right to a return of paid up capital 
on winding-up, the Management Shares do not participate in the assets of Pecunia SPC attributable to 
one or more Segregated Portfolios (the “Segregated Portfolio Assets”) but may participate in any 
dividends or other distributions (if any) of Pecunia SPC as may be declared.   
Each Management Shares confers on its holder the right to receive notice, attend, speak and vote at 
any general meeting of Pecunia SPC or at any class meeting of holders of Management Shares and the 
right on a winding up of Pecunia SPC to participate pro rata in the balance of the assets of the Company 
which are not Segregated Portfolio Assets, including, without limitation to the foregoing, the proceeds 
of issue of the Management Shares. Management Shares may only be issued or repurchased at par 
value and the proceeds of issue shall form part of the general assets of Pecunia SPC. 
Each Portfolio Share confers on its holder the right to participate in any dividend declared or paid (if any) 
on the class and / or series to which it belongs and the right on a winding-up of Pecunia SPC or the 
applicable Segregated Portfolio to participate in any surplus assets of the Segregated Portfolio in respect 
of which it is issued. 
Subject to the limited rights to vote set out in the section ‘Variation of Class Rights’ below, a holder of 
the Portfolio Shares in Pecunia SPC shall have no voting rights except in respect of any appointment 
and / or removal of a member of the board of directors of Pecunia SPC.   
The proceeds of issue of any Portfolio Share form part of the assets of the Segregated Portfolio in 
respect of which it is issued. 
Further Issues of Portfolio Shares or Class of Shares 
Without prejudice to any special rights previously conferred on the holders of existing Portfolio Shares, 
Pecunia SPC may allot, issue, grant options over or otherwise dispose of the Portfolio Shares or any 
other classes of Portfolio Shares (including fractions of Portfolio Shares) with or without preferred,

--- Page 31 ---
31 
53031877.5 
deferred or other special rights or restrictions, whether with regard to dividend, voting or otherwise and 
to such persons, at such times and on such other terms as the board of directors of the Pecunia SPC 
shall think proper.  Pecunia SPC may not take such actions in a manner which would reduce the financial 
rights of the holders of Portfolio Shares without their consent. 
Variation of Class Rights  
If at any time the share capital of Pecunia SPC is divided into classes of shares, the rights attached to 
any then existing class (unless otherwise provided by the terms of issue of the shares of that class) may, 
whether or not Pecunia SPC is being wound up, be varied with the consent in writing of the holders of 
not less than three-quarters of the issued Portfolio Shares of that class and of any other class of Portfolio 
Shares which may be affected by such variation or by a special resolution (i.e. a resolution passed by a 
three-quarters majority of those persons present and entitled to vote in favour of the resolution) passed 
at a separate class meeting of the holders of the shares of such class or by unanimous written resolution 
of such separate class. It shall not be deemed to be a variation of the rights attaching to any particular 
class of shares for Pecunia SPC to, inter alia, (i) create, allot or issue further Portfolio Shares ranking 
pari passu with, in priority to or subsequent to the existing Portfolio Shares respectively, (ii) amend or 
vary the investment objective of one or more Segregated Portfolios, (iii) liquidate Pecunia SPC or any 
Segregated Portfolio and distribute its assets to shareholders of Pecunia SPC in accordance with their 
rights, (iv) vest the assets in, or in trustees for, the shareholders of Pecunia SPC in specie or (v) 
purchase or redeem its Portfolio Shares. 
Segregated Portfolio Structure and Segregated Assets 
The assets and liabilities of each Segregated Portfolio constituted by Pecunia SPC are, and shall be 
treated for all intents and purposes of law as, a pool of assets and liabilities separate from the assets 
and liabilities of each other Segregated Portfolio. Accordingly, the liabilities incurred in respect of a 
Segregated Portfolio shall be paid out of the assets forming part of the pool assets and liabilities of such 
Segregated Portfolio. In the event that the liabilities of a particular Segregated Portfolio exceed its 
assets, then the proportion of liabilities in excess of the assets shall not be allocated to the other 
Segregated Portfolios. The creditors of that Segregated Portfolio whose liabilities exceed its assets shall 
have no claim or right of action against the assets of the other Segregated Portfolios and of Pecunia 
SPC. In terms of Cayman Islands law, the legal status of each Segregated Portfolio as a pool of assets 
and liabilities separate from the assets and liabilities of each other Segregated Portfolio and as a pool 
of assets and liabilities separate from the assets and liabilities of Pecunia SPC, shall be respected in 
any proceedings which may be instituted in terms of the Companies Law (as revised) of the Cayman 
Islands (as amended or revised from time to time) when such proceedings either relate to the liquidation, 
dissolution and consequential winding-up of Pecunia SPC or its re-organisation. Any such proceedings 
in relation to any one Segregated Portfolio shall not have any effect on the assets of any other 
Segregated Portfolio or of Pecunia SPC. The directors of Pecunia SPC shall hold or shall cause to be 
held such separate accounts, records, statements and other documents as may be necessary to 
evidence the liabilities and assets of each Segregated Portfolio as distinct and separate from the assets 
and liabilities of all the other Segregated Portfolios and of Pecunia SPC. 
In the case of classes of Portfolio Shares issued in the same Segregated Portfolio, all assets and 
liabilities of each such class of Portfolio Shares would form part of the total assets and liabilities of the 
Segregated Portfolio of which such a class of Portfolio Shares forms part.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
53031877.5 
Memorandum and Articles of Association of Pecunia SPC 
The objects of Pecunia SPC are unrestricted and Pecunia SPC shall have full power and authority to 
exercise all the functions of a natural person of full capacity as set out in Clause 3 of the memorandum 
of association of Pecunia SPC. 
Pecunia SPC may from time to time by ordinary resolution establish a maximum and / or minimum 
number of directors. Clause 35 of the articles of association of Pecunia SPC provides that the business 
of Pecunia SPC shall be managed by its directors, who may exercise all the powers of Pecunia SPC.  
No alteration of Pecunia SPC’s memorandum of association or articles of association and no direction 
given by a special resolution of the members shall invalidate any prior act of the directors of Pecunia 
SPC which would have been valid if that alteration had not been made or that direction had not been 
given.  The directors of Pecunia SPC may appoint such officers as they consider necessary to perform 
such duties as the directors of Pecunia SPC think fit. 
General Meetings 
The directors of Pecunia SPC may convene a general meeting of Pecunia SPC whenever the directors 
think fit, and must do so if required to do so pursuant to a valid members’ requisition.  Members holding 
not less than 10% of the issued Management Shares may requisition a general meeting provided: 
(a) 
the requisition states the objects of the general meeting and must be signed by the 
requisitionists and deposited at the registered office of Pecunia SPC; and 
(b) 
if the directors of Pecunia SPC do not within 21 days from the date of the deposit of a valid 
requisition duly proceed to convene a general meeting to be held within a further 21 days, 
the requisitionists may themselves convene a general meeting of Pecunia SPC within three 
months of the date of the deposit of the valid requisition. 
At least five clear days’ notice shall be given of any general meeting of Pecunia SPC.  Every notice shall 
specify the place, the day and the time of the meeting and the general nature of the business to be 
conducted. 
Legal Proceedings  
There are no governmental, legal, litigation or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which Pecunia SPC is aware) which may have or have had since 
the date of its incorporation, significant effects on Pecunia SPC’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE ETI SECURITIES 
 
 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, subject to completion by the Final Terms 
relating to a particular Series or Tranche of ETI Securities, will be applicable to the ETI Securities of 
such Series or Tranche and which will be attached to or endorsed on such ETI Securities in definitive 
form. Unless the context requires otherwise, references in these terms and conditions to “ETI 
Securities” are to the ETI Securities of one Series only, not to all ETI Securities which may be issued 
under the Programme from time to time. 
The ETI Securities are issued under the exchange traded securities programme of the Issuer (the 
“Programme”) in the form of derivative securities. 
The ETI Securities of the Series (as defined below) of which this ETI Security forms a part (in these 
terms and conditions, the “ETI Securities”) are constituted and governed by or pursuant to a 
Constituting Instrument relating to the ETI Securities (the “Constituting Instrument”) dated the Series 
Issue Date (as defined in Condition 1) between the “Issuer” (as defined in the Constituting Instrument), 
the persons, if any, named therein as the “Note Trustee” (as defined in the Constituting Instrument and 
which expression shall include all persons for the time being the trustee or trustees under the Master 
Trust Terms referred to below) and other parties (if any) named therein.  The Constituting Instrument 
constitutes the ETI Securities by the creation of a trust deed (the “Trust Deed”) on the terms (as 
amended, modified and / or supplemented by the Constituting Instrument) set out in the master trust 
terms (the “Master Trust Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Instrument.  By executing the 
Constituting Instrument, the Issuer has entered into a calculation agency agreement (the “Calculation 
Agency Agreement”) with one or more of the parties defined in the Constituting Instrument as the 
“Calculation Agent” and the Note Trustee, on the terms (save as amended, modified and / or 
supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument) set out in the master calculation agency terms 
(the “Master Calculation Agency Terms”) as specified in the Constituting Instrument.  
The Issuer has entered into a Paying Agent Agreement dated 8 November 2018 with ISP Securities 
Limited (the “Issuing and Principal Paying Agent”) pursuant to which the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent has agreed to provide issuing and paying agency services in respect of each Series of 
Uncertificated ETI Securities issued under the Programme. The Issuer has entered into a Paying Agent 
Agreement dated 30 December 2020 with Baader Bank AG (the “Issuing and Principal Paying Agent”) 
pursuant to which the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has agreed to provide issuing and paying 
agency services in respect of each Series of Bearer ETI Securities issued under the Programme. 
The obligations of the Issuer under the ETI Securities are secured by the Programme Security Trust 
Deed (as defined in Condition 1). 
The terms and conditions of a Series of ETI Securities will be the conditions set out below as completed 
by the Final Terms applicable to such Series. References herein to the “Conditions” of the ETI 
Securities are to these terms and conditions as so completed, modified and/or supplemented by the 
Final Terms applicable to the ETI Securities.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
53031877.5 
1 
Definitions 
1.1 
Definitions 
In the Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below: 
“Agents” means the Calculation Agent, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or any of 
them and such other agent(s) as may be appointed from time to time in relation to the ETI 
Securities by the Issuer, and any successor or replacement and “Agent” means any of them. 
“Alternative Clearing System” means any additional or alternative clearing system as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in which beneficial interests in the ETI Securities are 
for the time being recorded. 
“AP Redemption Day” means each Issuer Business Day, provided however that if on any 
such day redemptions of the Underlying Securities have been suspended, the AP 
Redemption Day shall be postponed to the day which is ten Issuer Business Days following 
the termination of such suspension. 
“Authorised Participant” means, in relation to any Series of ETI Securities, each person 
appointed by the Issuer in the capacity of authorised participant in respect of that Series 
pursuant to an Authorised Participant Agreement with the Issuer. 
“Authorised Participant Agreement” means, in respect of an Authorised Participant, the 
authorised participant agreement (as amended, supplemented, novated and/or replaced 
from time to time) entered into by the Issuer and such Authorised Participant substantially 
on the terms of the Master Authorised Participant Terms. 
“Authority” means any competent regulatory, prosecuting, Tax or governmental authority in 
any jurisdiction. 
“Bearer ETI Securities” means ETI Securities issued in bearer form (including in new global 
note form (“NGN”) and in classic global note form (“CGN”)) and serially numbered. 
“Calculation Agent Breach” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8.5.2. 
“Clearing System Business Day” means a day on which the Relevant Clearing System is 
open for business. 
“Clearstream” means Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main, which expression shall 
include, where the context so permits, any successor in business of Clearstream. 
“Common Safekeeper” means, in relation to a Series of ETI Securities issued in NGN form, 
the common safekeeper for Clearstream appointed in respect of such Series. 
“Currency Business Day” means a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the Relevant Currency or, in the case 
of euros, a city in which banks in general have access to the TARGET2 System.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
53031877.5 
“Definitive Securities” means Bearer ETI Securities in definitive form and includes any 
replacement ETI Security issued pursuant to the Conditions. 
“Denomination” means, in respect of a Series of ETI Securities, an amount equal to its 
Principal Amount. 
“EEA” means the European Economic Area. 
“ETI Securities” means the Series of ETI Securities to which these Conditions relates or, as 
the context may require, any or all securities issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
“ETI Securityholder” and “holder” have the meaning given to them in Condition 2.2. 
“Event of Default” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
“Event of Default Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 10. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent is located. 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of the ETI 
Securityholders duly convened and held in accordance with schedule 1 of the Trust Deed by 
a majority of at least 75 per cent. of the votes cast, provided that a resolution in writing signed 
by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the 
ETI Securities who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting held in 
accordance with the Trust Deed shall, for all purposes, be as valid and effectual as an 
Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of such ETI Securityholders duly convened 
and held in accordance with the relevant provisions of the Trust Deed. 
“Final Terms” means, in respect of any ETI Securities, the final terms as set out in the 
Constituting Instrument for such ETI Securities. 
“FISA” has the meaning given to it in Condition 2.1. 
“Further Tranche” means any Tranche of a Series of ETI Securities issued after the Series 
Issue Date in accordance with Condition 16. 
“Global Bearer Security” means the ETI Securities in bearer form represented by a global 
security. 
“Initial Tranche” means the first Tranche of a Series of ETI Securities issued. 
“Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the relevant Tranche as specified in the Final 
Terms relating to such Tranche. 
“Issue Price” means, in respect of a Tranche of ETI Securities, the amount per ETI Security 
specified in the Final Terms. 
“Issuer Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the jurisdiction of 
incorporation of the Issuer.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
53031877.5 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice” has the meaning given to it in Condition 7.6. 
“Issuer Call Redemption Notice Period” means the number of calendar days specified in 
the Final Terms provided that such period shall commence on the calendar day following the 
date of the relevant Issuer Call Redemption Notice. 
“Loss” means any loss, liability, cost, claim, damages, expense (including, but not limited to, 
legal costs and expenses) or demand (or actions in respect thereof), judgment, interest on 
any judgment, assessment, fees or amounts paid in settlement of any action or claim. 
“Master Authorised Participant Terms” means for each Series, the master authorised 
participant terms as specified in the Constituting Instrument for that Series.  
“Master Definitions” means for each Series, the master definitions as specified in the 
Constituting Instrument for that Series.  
“Maximum Daily Redemption Limit” means a maximum limit (if applicable) on the 
redemption number of ETI Securities of a Series on any Redemption Day. 
“outstanding” means, for the purposes of the Conditions and the Trust Deed, in relation to 
the ETI Securities, (i) on the Series Issue Date, the ETI Securities issued on such date, and 
(ii) on any day thereafter, all the ETI Securities issued on or prior to such day except (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with Condition 7; (b) those that have been 
cancelled for any reason; (c) those in respect of which the date for redemption has occurred 
and the redemption moneys have been duly paid to the Note Trustee or to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent and which remain available for payment against presentation and 
surrender of the ETI Securities; (d) those that have become void or in respect of which claims 
have become prescribed; (e) those which have been issued and which are pending 
settlement but in respect of which the relevant subscription amount has not paid in full; (f) 
those that have been purchased, settled and cancelled as provided in Condition 7; (g) those 
mutilated or defaced Bearer ETI Securities that have been surrendered in exchange for 
replacement Bearer ETI Securities; (h) (for the purpose only of determining how many ETI 
Securities are outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those 
Bearer ETI Securities alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement ETI Securities have been issued; and (i) any Global Bearer Security to the 
extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive Securities pursuant to its 
provisions; provided that for the purposes of (1) ascertaining the right to attend and vote at 
any meeting of the ETI Securityholders, (2) the determination of how many ETI Securities 
are outstanding for the purposes of the Conditions and the Trust Deed and (3) the exercise 
of any discretion, power or authority that the Note Trustee is required, expressly or impliedly, 
to exercise in or by reference to the interests of the ETI Securityholders, those ETI Securities 
that are beneficially held by or on behalf of the Issuer and not cancelled shall (unless no 
longer so held) be deemed not to remain outstanding. 
“Paying Agent” means any entity as may be appointed from time to time as paying agent of 
the Issuer, and any successor or replacement thereto. 
“Potential Event of Default” means an event or circumstance that could, with the giving of 
notice, lapse of time and/or issue of a certificate become an Event of Default. 
“Principal Amount” means, in respect of any ETI Security, the amount in the Relevant 
Currency specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
53031877.5 
“Proceedings” has the meaning given to it in Condition 19.2. 
“Programme Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments as 
set out in Clause 13.2 of the Programme Security Trust Deed.  
“Programme Pre-Enforcement Priority of Payments” means the priority of payments as 
set out in Clause 13.1 of the Programme Security Trust Deed.  
“Programme Secured Creditor” means the Note Trustee, the Agents, the Authorised 
Participants and the holders of the ETI Securities of each Series of ETI Securities issued by 
the Issuer from time to time and the Programme Security Trustee.  
“Programme Secured Obligations” means all present and future obligations of the Issuer 
to the Programme Secured Creditors under the Series Documents of each Series of ETI 
Securities. 
“Programme Secured Property” means the assets that are the subject of the Programme 
Security. 
“Programme Security” means the security constituted by the Programme Security Trust 
Deed. 
“Programme Security Trust Deed” means the programme security trust deed dated 18 July 
2019 between the Issuer, Noteholder Services PTC (in its capacity as note trustee of each 
Series of ETI Securities) and the Programme Security Trustee (as amended, supplemented, 
novated and/or replaced from time to time). 
“Programme Security Trustee” means Collateral Services PTC. 
“Quarterly Assessment Date” means the last Issuer Business Day of March, June, 
September and December.  
“Reassessment Date” means the day falling five (5) Issuer Business Days immediately 
following any Quarterly Assessment Date on which the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than the 
Risk Capital Maximum Level.  
“Record Date” means the Clearing System Business Day immediately prior to the date for 
payment. 
“Redemption” means the redemption of ETI Securities by one or more ETI Securityholders 
in accordance with the provisions of Condition 7. 
“Redemption Account” means, in respect of ETI Securities, a bank account to receive 
payments in the Relevant Currency of the Redemption Amount in respect of the redemption 
of such ETI Securities, which account shall be: 
(A)  
for an Authorised Participant, the bank account notified in writing for such 
purposes by the Authorised Participant to the Issuer from time to time; and 
(B)  
otherwise, the bank account specified in the Redemption Order.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
53031877.5 
“Redemption Amount” means in respect of an ETI Security on any day (the “Relevant 
Day”), an amount calculated as follows: 
NAV(t) 
Redemption Amount = --------------* Denomination * Marginfactor*Adjustment Factor  
NAV(0) 
Where: 
“Adjustment Factor”: A number starting at 1 and adjusted on each day on which a 
Corporate Action is effected in respect of the Underlying Security, such adjustment to 
be determined by the Calculation Agent and made in such a way that the Redemption 
Amount is not affected by the Corporate Action of the Underlying Security; 
“Corporate Action” means all corporate law measures including splits, dividend pay-
outs, payouts by means of reduction of capital, mergers, capital increases or reductions 
and similar transactions having economic effects on the Underlying Issuer and/or the 
Underlying Security; 
“NAV Day”: Each day the Underlying Issuer accepts without restrictions subscriptions 
as well as redemptions in respect of the Underlying Security;  
“NAV of the Underlying”: means, in respect of each NAV Day, the price receivable by 
redeeming the Underlying Security on such NAV Day;  
“Marginfactor” means 98% (or such higher percentage as the Issuer may in its absolute 
discretion determine) provided however that in respect of any redemption occurring 
following a Risk Capital Default Event, the Marginfactor shall be 100%; 
“NAV(t)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the NAV Day immediately preceding 
the Relevant Day; and  
“NAV(0)” means the NAV of the Underlying as at the first NAV Day immediately 
following the Series Issue Date.  
“Redemption Day” means each AP Redemption Day, each Standard Redemption Day and 
each date designated by the Issuer as a Redemption Day pursuant to Condition 7.6.1.  
“Redemption Settlement Date” means, in respect of any Redemption Day, a day which is 
not later than the tenth Issuer Business Day after the notification of the Redemption Amount 
for that Redemption Day in accordance with Condition 7.3.3 or Condition 7.6.2, provided that 
it is a Currency Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day. 
“Redemption Order” means a Redemption Order in the form published from time to time on 
the website of the Issuer (www. imaps-capital.com), or such other form as may be acceptable 
to the Issuer in its sole discretion. 
“Relevant Clearing System” means (i) SIX SIS AG (in the case of Uncertificated ETI 
Securities), or (ii) Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System (in the case of Bearer ETI 
Securities). 
“Relevant Currency” means the currency of denomination of the ETI Securities, as specified 
in the Final Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
53031877.5 
“Relevant Date” has the meaning given to it in Condition 9. 
“Relevant Provisions” means, in respect of the Calculation Agent, the provisions of the 
Calculation Agency Agreement, the Trust Deed, and the Conditions. 
“Relevant Stock Exchange” means the Vienna Stock Exchange and/or any other stock 
exchange on which ETI Securities of a Series may be listed. 
“Risk Capital Default Event” has the meaning given to it in Condition 13.3.   
“Risk Capital Maximum Level” means 200%. 
“Risk Capital Ratio” means, on any Quarterly Assessment Date, the fraction expressed as 
a percentage obtained by dividing (A) the Risk Assets on that Quarterly Assessment Date 
by (B) the Net Tangible Equity on that Quarterly Assessment Date,  
Where:  
“Net Tangible Equity” means on any date, the shareholders equity of the Issuer less 
goodwill, as per the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer;    
“Risk Assets” means Total Assets less Hedging Assets;  
“Total Assets” means on any date, the total assets of the Issuer as per the most recent 
financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer; and  
“Hedging Assets” means on any date, any assets of the Issuer comprised of 
Underlying Securities (including Underlying Securities which the Issuer has agreed to 
acquire but which have not yet settled)  in respect of any Series of ETI Securities, as 
per the date of the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer.  
“Securities Act” means The United States Securities Act of 1933 as amended.  
“Series” means all ETI Securities having the same ISIN or other similar identifier, including 
the Initial Tranche and any Further Tranche. 
“Series Document” means in respect of each Series, each of the Trust Deed, the Calculation 
Agency Agreement, the Paying Agent Agreement (to the extent that it relates to the relevant 
Series) and each Authorised Participant Agreement and “Series Documents” means all 
such documents. 
“Series Issue Date” means the date of issuance of the Initial Tranche of a Series of ETI 
Securities, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
“Series Party” means a party to a Series Document (other than the Issuer and ETI 
Securityholders). 
“SIS Rules” means any rules and regulations which are applicable to securities which are 
admitted to clearing in SIX SIS AG as the same may be amended or supplemented from 
time to time; 
“Standard Redemption” means the redemption of ETI Securities in accordance with the 
Conditions by an ETI Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
53031877.5 
“Standard Redemption Day” means the Issuer Business Day(s) specified in the Final 
Terms, provided that if on any such day redemptions of the Underlying Securities have been 
suspended, the Standard Redemption Day shall be postponed to the day which is ten Issuer 
Business Days following the termination of such suspension. 
“Subscription Date” means each Issuer Business Day other than a day on which 
subscriptions for the Underlying Security have been suspended.   
“Subscription Limit” means any applicable limit on the Issuer’s ability to issue ETI 
Securities, as may be notified by the Issuer to each Authorised Participant from time to time. 
“Subscription Order” means a request from an Authorised Participant delivered to the 
Issuer to issue ETI Securities. 
“Subscription Settlement Date” means the second Issuer Business Day after the 
Subscription Trade Date, provided that such Issuer Business Day is both a Currency 
Business Day and a Clearing System Business Day. 
“Subscription Suspension Event” means the delivery by the Issuer of a notice in writing to 
each Authorised Participant, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent and the Calculation 
Agent stating that with effect from the date specified in such notice subscription of the ETI 
Securities shall be so suspended. 
“Subscription Trade Date” means a Subscription Date on which a Subscription Order is 
determined to be valid and accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer.  
“TARGET2 System” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (TARGET2) system or any successor thereto. 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, assessment, levy, charge or withholding of whatsoever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by any Authority (including any penalty or 
interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the same). 
“Tranche” means, in relation to a Series of ETI Securities issued on any date, the ETI 
Securities that are issued on the same Issue Date with the same Principal Amount. 
“Uncertificated ETI Securities” means ETI Securities issued in uncertificated form. 
“Underlying Issuer” means in respect of each Series, the Underlying Issuer as specified in 
the Final Terms for that Series. 
“Underlying Security” means in respect of each Series, the portfolio securities of the 
Underlying Issuer as specified in the Final Terms for that Series. 
1.2 
Interpretation 
All capitalised terms used but not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given 
to them in the relevant Trust Deed and / or the Master Definitions.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
53031877.5 
2 
Form and Title 
2.1 
Form of ETI Securities 
2.1.1 
ETI Securities may be issued as Uncertificated ETI Securities or Bearer ETI Securities. The 
form of the ETI Secuirities of a Series will be specified in the Final Terms applicable for that 
Series of ETI Securities.  Unless otherwise stated in the Final Terms, the form of all of the 
ETI Securities of a particular Series on issue will be the same. 
2.1.1.1 
Uncertificated ETI Securities 
(a) 
The Holders of the Uncertificated ETI Securities shall at no time have the right to demand 
the conversion of Uncertificated ETI Securities into, or the delivery of, a permanent global 
certificate or physical securities. By contrast, the Issuer shall have the right to effect the 
conversion of the Uncertificated ETI Securities into a permanent global certificate or physical 
securities and vice versa. 
(b) 
By (i) registering the Uncertificated ETI Securities in the main register (Hauptregister) of SIX 
SIS Ltd, Olten, Switzerland or any other Swiss central depository (“SIS”) and (ii) by crediting 
the Uncertificated ETI Securities to a securities account (Effektenkonto) of a depository bank 
with SIS, intermediated securities (Bucheffekten) pursuant to the Swiss Federal 
Intermediated Securities Act (Bucheffektengesetz) (“FISA”) are created. Each Series of 
Uncertificated ETI Securities will be accepted for clearance through (i) SIS or (ii) any other 
recognised clearing system specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
2.1.1.2 
Bearer ETI Securities 
(a) 
ETI Securities issued as Bearer ETI Securities shall be serially numbered in the 
Denomination(s) and Relevant Currency specified in the Final Terms. 
(b) 
Bearer ETI Securities will (a) if the Bearer ETI Securities are intended to be issued in NGN 
form, as stated in the Final Terns relating to such Series, be delivered on or prior to the 
original Issue Date to a Common Safekeeper for Clearstream; and (b) if the Bearer ETI 
Securities are intended to be issued in CGN form, as stated in the Final Terms relating to 
such Series be delivered on or prior to the original Issue Date to a common depositary for 
Clearstream. 
(c) 
Each initial purchaser and subsequent transferee of Bearer ETI Securities will be deemed to 
have represented, warranted, undertaken, acknowledged and agreed with the Issuer: 
(i) 
that the ETI Securities have not been and will not be registered under the United 
States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any state 
securities laws and the Issuer has not been and will not be registered as an 
investment company under the US Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended 
(the “1940 Act”). Accordingly, the ETI Securities may not be offered, sold or 
otherwise transferred except in a transaction that is exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act and state securities laws and that does not require 
the Issuer to register under the 1940 Act; and 
(ii) 
that its purchase, holding and disposition of such ETI Securities does not, and will 
not, constitute or result in a “prohibited transaction” under Section 406 of the US 
Employee Retirement Income Security Act 1974, as amended (“ERISA”) or Section

--- Page 42 ---
42 
53031877.5 
4975 of the Code, unless an exemption is available with respect to such transactions 
and the conditions of such exemption have been satisfied. 
2.2 
Title to the ETI Securities 
2.2.1 
Uncertificated ET1 Securities 
The holder and legal owner of the Uncertificated ETI Securities will be the person holding 
them in a securities account in his or her own name and for his or her own account with his 
depositary (Verwahrungsstelle) in accordance with the terms of the FISA (and the 
expressions “ETI Securityholder” and “holder” as used herein shall be construed 
accordingly). The records of such depositary determine the number of Uncertificated ETI 
Securities held by such holder and the FISA grants each holder the right to ask the depositary 
for information about Uncertificated ETI Securities that are credited to his or her account. 
The respective disclosure document (Ausweis) does not constitute an Uncertificated ETI 
Securities. 
2.2.2 
Bearer ETI Securities 
Title to the Bearer ETI Securities shall pass by delivery. 
For so long as the ETI Securities are represented by a Global Bearer Security and the Global 
Bearer Security is held on behalf of Clearstream or on behalf of an Alternative Clearing 
System, beneficial interests in the ETI Securities will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing 
System, as appropriate, and each person who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Clearstream or an Alternative Clearing System as the holder of a particular principal amount 
of the ETI Securities (in which regard (a) any certificate or other document issued by 
Clearstream or such Alternative Clearing System, or (b) a print out generated by accessing 
the CEDCOM system, as to the principal amount of the ETI Securities standing to the 
account of any person (the “Accountholder”) shall be conclusive and binding for all 
purposes) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Note Trustee and the Agents as the holder of 
such principal amount of the ETI Securities (and the expression “ETI Securityholders” and 
references to “holding of ETI Securities” and to “holder of the ETI Securities” shall be 
construed accordingly) for all purposes other than the entitlement to receive payments of 
principal, interest or any amounts due on redemption in respect of the Global Bearer Security. 
Each Accountholder must look solely to its Clearing System for such Accountholder’s share 
of each payment or distribution of any other entitlement made by the Issuer to the holder of 
the Global Bearer Security and in relation to all other rights arising under the Global Bearer 
Security.  The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders may exercise any 
rights arising under the Global Bearer Security will be determined by the respective rules 
and procedures of their Clearing System.  Accountholders shall have no claim directly 
against the Issuer, the Note Trustee, any Agent or any other person (other than their Clearing 
System) in respect of payments or distributions of other entitlements due under the Global 
Bearer Security which are made by the Issuer to the holder of the Global Bearer Security 
and such obligations of the Issuer shall be discharged thereby.

--- Page 43 ---
43 
53031877.5 
3 
Transfers of ETI Securities 
3.1.1 
Uncertificated ETI Securities 
Uncertificated ETI Securities may solely be transferred and otherwise disposed of in 
accordance with the provisions of the FISA, being transferred and disposed of by instruction 
of the holder to his depositary to transfer the Uncertificated ETI Securities and crediting the 
Uncertificated ETI Securities to the account of the transferee’s depositary and the Holders 
of the Uncertificated ETI Securities shall at no time have the right to demand the conversion 
of Uncertificated ETI Securities into, or the delivery of, a permanent global certificate or 
physical securities. By contrast, the Issuer shall have the right to effect the conversion of the 
Uncertificated ETI Securities into a permanent global certificate or physical securities and 
vice versa. 
3.1.2 
Bearer ETI Securities 
The Global Bearer Security relating to Bearer ETI Securities is exchangeable (free of charge 
to the holder) on or after the Exchange Date in whole but not in part for Definitive Securities 
if the Global Bearer Security is held on behalf of a Relevant Clearing System and the 
Relevant Clearing System is closed for business for a continuous period of 14 calendar days 
(other than by reason of holidays, statutory or otherwise) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business or does, in fact, do so. 
“Exchange Date” means a day falling not less than 60 calendar days after the date on which 
the notice requiring exchange is given and on which banks are open for business in the city 
in which the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent is located. 
Any such exchange may be effected on or after an Exchange Date by the holder of the Global 
Bearer Security surrendering the Global Bearer Security to or to the order of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent. In exchange for the Global Bearer Security, the Issuer shall deliver, 
or procure the delivery of, duly executed and authenticated Definitive Securities in an 
aggregate number equal to the number of ETI Securities represented by the Global Bearer 
Security submitted for exchange, security printed in accordance substantially in the form 
required under the Trust Deed. 
Exchange and transfer of ETI Securities will be effected without charge by or on behalf of 
the Issuer but upon payment by the relevant ETI Securityholder (or the giving by the relevant 
ETI Securityholder of such indemnity as the Issuer and / or the Issuing and Pricinaol Paying 
Agent may require in respect thereof) of any tax or other governmental charges which may 
be imposed in relation to it 
4 
Constitution and status 
Each Series of ETI Securities is constituted by the applicable Trust Deed and secured by the 
Programme Security Trust Deed.  The ETI Securities of each Series are secured, limited 
recourse obligations of the Issuer, at all times ranking pari passu and without any preference 
among themselves and the ETI Securities of each other Series, secured in the manner 
described in Condition 6 and recourse in respect of which is limited in the manner described 
in Condition 5.2.

--- Page 44 ---
44 
53031877.5 
5 
Covenant to Pay 
5.1 
Money received by the Note Trustee 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, the Issuer agrees, on any date on which a payment 
of Redemption Amount under these Conditions in respect of any ETI Securities becomes 
due, unconditionally to pay the Note Trustee (or to the order of the Note Trustee) in same 
day cleared funds, in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Redemption Amount in respect of 
the ETI Securities which is due and payable on that date. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in these Conditions or the Trust Deed, (1) payment 
of any Redemption Amount due under the ETI Securities pursuant to the Conditions made 
to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent as provided in the Paying Agent Agreement shall, 
to that extent, satisfy the Issuer’s obligation to make payments of Redemption Amount in 
respect of the ETI Securities to the Note Trustee for the account of the ETI Securityholders 
except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to pass 
such payment to the relevant ETI Securityholders and (2) a payment of any Redemption 
Amount made after the due date or as a result of the ETI Securities becoming repayable 
following an Event of Default shall be deemed to have been made when the full amount due 
has been received by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or the Note Trustee and notice 
to such effect has been given by the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent to the ETI 
Securityholders, except to the extent that there is failure by the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent to pass such payment to the relevant ETI Securityholders. Under the terms of the 
Trust Deed, the Note Trustee holds the benefit of this covenant on trust for itself and the ETI 
Securityholders according to their respective interests. 
All moneys received by or on behalf of the Note Trustee in respect of the ETI Securities, or 
amounts payable by the Issuer under the Trust Deed or any other Series Document, will, 
despite any appropriation of all or part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Note Trustee on 
trust to apply them, if received prior to the delivery by the Note Trustee of an Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, in accordance with the Programme Pre-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments and, if received after the delivery by the Note Trustee of an Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, in accordance with the Programme Post-Enforcement Priority of 
Payments. 
If the Note Trustee holds any moneys in respect of ETI Securities that have become void or 
in respect of which claims have become prescribed, the Note Trustee will hold them on trust 
as described above. 
5.2 
Limited recourse and non-petition 
In respect of any claim against the Issuer in relation to the ETI Securities, the Series Parties 
(other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent) and the ETI Securityholders shall have 
recourse only to the assets of the Issuer, subject always to the Programme Security, and 
following their realisation, the proceeds of such assets. Any claim in relation to the ETI 
Securities which is not discharged in full from the proceeds of enforcement of the Programme 
Security and any claims against the Issuer of any creditors of the Issuer who have agreed to 
limit their recourse in respect of such claim to the assets of the Issuer (including claims in 
respect of any other Series of ETI Securities but excluding any claims of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent) (all such inclusive claims, together the “Pari Passu Claims”) shall 
be reduced pro rata (such reduction to be determined by the Calculation Agent) so that the

--- Page 45 ---
45 
53031877.5 
total value of all Pari Passu Claims and any other unsecured claims against the Issuer shall 
not exceed the aggregate value of any remaining assets of the Issuer following the 
enforcement of the Programme Security (the “Remaining Assets”). If, following realisation 
in full of the Programme Security and the Remaining Assets (whether by way of liquidation 
or enforcement) and application of available cash sums as provided in this Condition 5 and 
the Programme Security Trust Deed, as applicable, any outstanding claim of the Series 
Parties (other than the Issuing and Paying Agent) and the ETI Securityholders against the 
Issuer remains unpaid, then such outstanding claim shall be extinguished and no debt shall 
be owed by the Issuer in respect thereof. Following the extinguishment of any such claim, 
none of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent), the ETI 
Securityholders or any other person acting on behalf of any of them shall be entitled to take 
any further steps against the Issuer or any of its officers, shareholders, corporate service 
providers or directors to recover any further sum in respect of the extinguished claim and no 
debt shall be owed to any such persons by the Issuer in respect of such further sum. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has not agreed to any limitation 
on its recourse against the Issuer or the Issuer’s assets or to the extinguishment of any 
claims it has or may have against the Issuer or the Issuer’s assets or to the steps that it may 
take against the Issuer.  
Only the Note Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the relevant Trust Deed 
and only the Programme Security Trustee may pursue the remedies available under the 
relevant Programme Security Trust Deed to enforce the Programme Security and the rights 
of the Programme Secured Creditors. None of the Series Parties (other than the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent) or the ETI Securityholders or any person acting on behalf of any of 
them may, at any time, bring, institute or join with any other person in bringing, instituting or 
joining insolvency, administration, bankruptcy, winding-up, examinership or any other similar 
proceedings (whether court-based or otherwise) in relation to the Issuer or any of its assets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent has not agreed to any 
restriction preventing it from taking any of the proceedings mentioned in this Condition 5.2. 
The provisions of this Condition 5.2 shall survive notwithstanding any redemption of the ETI 
Securities or the termination or expiration of any Series Document. 
6 
Security 
6.1 
Security 
The Programme Secured Obligations of the Issuer shall be secured by the Programme 
Security which shall be constituted by the Programme Security Trust Deed as continuing 
security for the Programme Secured Obligations. The Programme Security is granted to the 
Programme Security Trustee in respect of the Programme Secured Property which shall 
include any Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer from time to time. 
6.2 
Enforcement of the Programme Security  
The Programme Security shall become enforceable upon the receipt by the Programme 
Security Trustee of an Event of Default Redemption Notice in accordance with the Conditions 
of any Series of ETI Securities from the Note Trustee following the occurrence of an Event 
of Default.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
53031877.5 
6.3 
Realisation of Programme Security 
At any time after the Programme Security has become enforceable, the Note Trustee may, 
at its discretion, and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETI 
Securities then outstanding of any Series or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the ETI 
Securityholders of any Series (a copy of which has been provided to the Note Trustee), in 
each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or secured and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction by the ETI Securityholders in accordance with the relevant Trust Deed, direct the 
Programme Security Trustee to enforce the Programme Security. 
6.4 
Application of proceeds of enforcement of Security 
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Security Trust Deed, the proceeds derived from the 
realisation of the Programme Secured Property will be applied in accordance with the 
Programme Post-Enforcement Priority of Payments.  
6.5 
Restrictions applicable to the Programme Secured Property 
The Issuer shall not sell, redeem, transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Underlying 
Securities that are the subject of the Programme Security without the prior written consent 
of the Programme Security Trustee which consent shall be provided upon the production of 
evidence in a form satisfactory to the Programme Security Trustee that such action is 
required in connection with a redemption of the ETI Securities of any Series.  
7 
Redemption 
7.1 
An ETI Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided 
herein) on any AP Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or part of its holding of 
ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount for that AP Redemption Day by submitting to the 
Issuer a valid Redemption Order in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant 
Agreement.   
7.2 
Where the relevant Final Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that Standard 
Redemption is permitted, an ETI Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant 
may (subject as provided herein) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to 
redeem all or any part of its holding of such ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount for 
that Standard Redemption Day by submitting a valid Redemption Order to the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent through the Relevant Clearing System.  Where the relevant Final 
Terms for a Series of ETI Securities specifies that Standard Redemption is not permitted, an 
ETI Securityholder which is not also an Authorised Participant may (subject as provided in 
the Conditions) on any Standard Redemption Day require the Issuer to redeem all or any 
part of its holding of such ETI Securities at the Redemption Amount by submitting a valid 
Redemption Order to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent through the Relevant Clearing 
System only if the Issuer has notified the ETI Securityholders in accordance with Condition 
17 that Standard Redemption will be permitted (such notice to include the relevant Standard 
Redemption Day(s) for such redemptions). 
7.3 
Redemption Orders  
7.3.1 
A Redemption Order shall only be valid if: 
7.3.1.1 
it specifies the number and Series of any ETI Securities to be redeemed;

--- Page 47 ---
47 
53031877.5 
7.3.1.2 
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Securityholder which is 
not an Authorised Participant in respect of a Standard Redemption Day, it is 
received by the Issuer between the period commencing on the preceding 
Standard Redemption Day and ending on the twenty-first Issuer Business Day 
(inclusive) prior to the Standard Redemption Day in respect of which it has been 
submitted; 
7.3.1.3 
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Securityholder which is 
an Authorised Participant in respect of an AP Redemption Day, it is received by 
the Issuer before 12:00 pm (Zurich time) on the Issuer Business Day prior to 
the AP Redemption Day in respect of which it has been submitted; 
7.3.1.4 
in respect of a Redemption Order submitted by an ETI Securityholder which is 
not an Authorised Participant and in respect of ETI Securities in the form of 
Definitive Securities, if required by the Issuer, it specifies the Redemption 
Account into which the Redemption Amount shall be payable in respect of any 
ETI Security to be redeemed; and 
7.3.1.5 
the number of ETI Securities to be redeemed would not result in any Maximum 
Daily Redemption Limit being exceeded (for the purposes of which, Redemption 
Orders shall be dealt with in order of their actual receipt by the Issuer). 
7.3.2 
If the Issuer determines that a Redemption Order is invalid in whole or in part, it shall notify 
the ETI Securityholder of that fact as soon as reasonably practicable and no ETI Securities 
may be redeemed pursuant to a Redemption Order that the Issuer has determined in its 
absolute discretion is invalid. 
7.3.3 
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day in respect of any Redemption 
Order, the Issuer shall notify the relevant ETI Securityholder of the Redemption Amount 
payable in respect of ETI Securities which are the subject of that Redemption Order. The 
Redemption Amount in respect of ETI Securities which are the subject of that Redemption 
Order shall be paid on the Redemption Settlement Date in respect of the relevant 
Redemption Day. 
7.3.4 
The Issuer may change or vary the procedures for the submission of Redemption Orders on 
five calendar days’ prior notice to the ETI Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 
and these Conditions shall be interpreted accordingly. 
7.4 
Settlement of Redemptions 
7.4.1 
The Issuer may at its discretion elect to satisfy requests for the Redemption of ETI Securities 
by transfer of the appropriate number of ETI Securities to one or more Authorised 
Participants from ETI Securityholders requesting redemption, and for that purpose the Issuer 
may authorise any person on behalf of the ETI Securityholder to execute one or more 
instruments of transfer in respect of the relevant number of ETI Securities provided that the 
amount payable to the ETI Securityholder shall nonetheless be an amount equal to the 
relevant Redemption Amount and the relevant Redemption Settlement Date shall be the date 
of such transfer. 
7.4.2 
The Issuer may in accordance with the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement agree with 
any ETI Securityholder which is also an Authorised Participant to satisfy any requests for the 
redemption of any ETI Securities by the transfer to, or to the order of, such ETI Securityholder

--- Page 48 ---
48 
53031877.5 
on the Redemption Settlement Date of Underlying Securities with a value determined by the 
Calculation Agent to be equal to the Redemption Amount. 
7.5 
Suspension of Optional Redemptions 
7.5.1 
The Issuer may suspend the right to request redemptions of ETI Securities pursuant to 
Condition 7.1 and Condition 7.2 at any time when the redemption of the Underlying Securities 
has been suspended by the Underlying Issuer. 
7.5.2 
The following provisions shall apply where redemptions have been suspended pursuant to 
this Condition 7.5: 
7.5.2.1 
the Issuer shall give notice of any such suspension and of the termination of 
any such suspension to the Series Parties and the ETI Securityholders in 
accordance with Condition 17, as soon as reasonably practicable, but the failure 
to give such any such notice shall not prevent the exercise of such discretions; 
7.5.2.2 
unless terminated earlier by the Issuer in its sole and absolute discretion, any 
such suspension shall continue until such time as the suspension of the 
Underlying Securities terminates; and 
7.5.2.3 
any suspension shall not affect any redemption pursuant to a Redemption 
Order, the Redemption Day for which had passed before the suspension 
commenced, but any Redemption Order in respect of ETI Securities submitted 
or deemed to be received in respect of a Redemption Day when the right to 
request redemption of the ETI Securities pursuant to Condition 7.1 or Condition 
7.2 is suspended pursuant to this Condition 7.5 shall be invalid. 
7.6 
Issuer Call Redemption Event 
7.6.1 
The Issuer may, on giving an irrevocable notice to the ETI Securityholders in accordance 
with Condition 17, elect to redeem all or some only of the ETI Securities and designate a 
Redemption Day for such purposes, provided that the date designated as the Redemption 
Day shall not be earlier than the first calendar day following the expiry of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice Period (such notice an “Issuer Call Redemption Notice”). In the event 
that only some of the outstanding ETI Securities are called for redemption pursuant to an 
Issuer Call Redemption Notice, a pro rata portion of each ETI Securityholder’s ETI Securities 
shall be subject to such redemption. The Issuer shall give a copy of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice to each of the Series Parties on the same date as such notice is given 
to the ETI Securityholders. 
7.6.2 
Within ten Issuer Business Days after the Redemption Day designated by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 7.6.1, the Issuer shall notify the ETI Securityholders of the Redemption 
Amount payable in respect of the ETI Securities which are the subject of the Issuer Call 
Redemption Notice.   
7.6.3 
Each ETI Security which is to be redeemed on a Redemption Day designated by the Issuer 
pursuant to Condition 7.6.1 shall become due and payable on the related Redemption 
Settlement Date at its Redemption Amount.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
53031877.5 
8 
Payments, calculations, Agents and records 
8.1 
Payments  
Payments of principal, interest and other amounts in respect of ETI Securities shall be made, 
subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and regulations of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s), to the Relevant Clearing System(s) or to its/their order for credit to the account(s) 
of the relevant accountholder(s) in accordance with the regulations of the Relevant Clearing 
System(s). The Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent shall be discharged by 
payment or delivery to, or to the order of, such accountholders. 
8.2 
Payments net of Taxes 
All payments in respect of the ETI Securities shall be made net of and after allowance for 
any withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Taxes. In the event that any 
withholding or deduction for, or on account of, any Tax applies to payments in respect of the 
ETI Securities, the ETI Securityholders will be subject to, and shall not be entitled to receive 
amounts to compensate for, any such Tax or deduction. No Event of Default shall occur as 
a result of any such withholding or deduction.  
8.3 
Calculations 
8.3.1 
The Calculation Agent will, as soon as reasonably practicable on such date and/or at such 
time as the Calculation Agent is required in accordance with the Calculation Agency 
Agreement and the Conditions and any other Relevant Provisions, perform such duties and 
obligations as are required to be performed by it in accordance therewith. 
8.3.2 
The calculation by the Calculation Agent of any amount, price, rate or value required to be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent under the Relevant Provisions shall be made in good 
faith and shall (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the ETI 
Securityholders and the Series Parties. 
8.4 
Calculation by Note Trustee 
If at any time the Calculation Agent does not make any calculation relating to the Redemption 
Amount when required pursuant to the Conditions and the Series Documents, then the Note 
Trustee may appoint an agent on its behalf to make any calculation in place of the Calculation 
Agent provided that the Note Trustee shall have been pre-funded and/or secured and/or 
indemnified to its satisfaction by one or more ETI Securityholders in accordance with the 
Trust Deed. Any such calculation made on behalf of the Note Trustee shall for the purposes 
of the Conditions and the Series Documents be deemed to have been made by the 
Calculation Agent. In doing so, the appointed agent shall apply the provisions of the 
Conditions and/or the relevant Series Document(s), with any necessary consequential 
amendments, to the extent that, in its opinion, it can do so, and in all other respects it shall 
do so in such manner as it shall deem fair and reasonable in the circumstances. In the 
absence of fraud, negligence and wilful default, the Note Trustee directly or its agent shall 
not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, the 
ETI Securityholders or any Series Party for any calculation (or any delay in making any 
calculation) so made.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
53031877.5 
8.5 
Calculation Agent 
8.5.1 
Subject as provided in the Conditions and the Calculation Agency Agreement, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to procure that there shall at all times 
be a Calculation Agent for so long as any of the ETI Securities are outstanding. 
If the Calculation Agent resigns or its appointment is terminated for any reason, 
the Issuer shall use all reasonable efforts to appoint a reputable entity that 
provides services of a similar type to those required of the Calculation Agent 
under the Relevant Provisions. 
8.5.2 
The Calculation Agent shall not be liable (whether directly or indirectly, in 
contract, in tort or otherwise) to the Issuer, any ETI Securityholder, any other 
Series Party or any other person for any Loss incurred by any such person that 
arises out of or in connection with the performance by the Calculation Agent of 
its obligations under the Calculation Agency Agreement, the Conditions and the 
other Relevant Provisions provided that nothing shall relieve the Calculation 
Agent from any Loss arising by reason of acts or omissions constituting bad 
faith, fraud or gross negligence of the Calculation Agent (any such act or 
omission, a “Calculation Agent Breach”). 
8.5.2.1 If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 
8.5.2.1, be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation 
Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability 
to the Issuer, any ETI Securityholder, any other Series Party or any 
other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly 
from either (i) the failure by any other Series Party to provide any notice, 
instruction or direction which such Series Party is required or permitted 
to give under the Conditions or any relevant Series Document or (ii) a 
delay in the delivery by any other Series Party of any notice, instruction 
or direction which such Series Party is required or permitted to give to 
the Calculation Agent under the Conditions or any relevant Series 
Document. 
8.5.2.2 If the Calculation Agent would, but for the operation of this Condition 
8.5.2.2, be held liable for any Loss arising as the result of a Calculation 
Agent Breach, the Calculation Agent shall nevertheless incur no liability 
to the Issuer, any ETI Securityholder, any other Series Party or any 
other person if such Calculation Agent Breach results solely and directly 
from the reliance by the Calculation Agent upon a rate, amount, 
quotation, value or other calculation or determination notified to the 
Calculation Agent pursuant to the Conditions and/or any relevant Series 
Document which is made by another Series Party in accordance with 
the Conditions and the terms of any relevant Series Document. 
8.5.3 
The Calculation Agent has no obligation towards or relationship of agency or 
trust with any ETI Securityholder. 
8.5.4 
The Calculation Agent has no duties or responsibilities except those expressly 
set forth in the Conditions, the Calculation Agency Agreement and the other 
Relevant Provisions and no implied or inferred duties or obligations of any kind 
will be read into the Calculation Agency Agreement against or on the part of the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
53031877.5 
Calculation Agent. The Calculation Agent will not, and will not be deemed to, 
assume or be liable for the obligations or duties of the Issuer or any other person 
under the Conditions, the Trust Deed or any other Series Document unless 
otherwise agreed pursuant to the Relevant Provisions. 
8.6 
Appointment of Agents 
Save as provided below, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer. The Agents do not 
assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any ETI Securityholder. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time with the prior written approval of the Note Trustee 
and in accordance with the provisions of the Calculation Agency Agreement and the Paying 
Agent Agreement, as applicable, to vary or terminate the appointment of the Issuing and 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and to appoint additional or other Paying 
Agents or Calculation Agents. Without prejudice to the provisions for the automatic 
termination of the appointment of an Agent in connection with the occurrence of an 
insolvency or similar event or proceedings in the relevant Series Documents, the Issuer shall 
use reasonable endeavours to at all times maintain (i) an Issuing and Principal Paying Agent 
and (ii) a Calculation Agent and (iii) such other agents as may be required by these 
Conditions or any stock exchange on which the ETI Securities may be listed, in each case, 
as approved by the Note Trustee. Notice of any change of Agent or any change to the 
specified office of an Agent shall promptly be given to the ETI Securityholders by the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 17. 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, at any time after an Event of Default or a Potential 
Event of Default has occurred in relation to the ETI Securities, the Note Trustee may (i) by 
notice in writing to the Issuer, the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent 
and any other Agents, require any and all of such Agents, until notified by the Note Trustee 
to the contrary, so far as permitted by applicable law to (a) act as agent of the Note Trustee 
under the Trust Deed and the ETI Securities mutatis mutandis on the terms of the Paying 
Agent Agreement and the Calculation Agency Agreement, as applicable (with consequential 
amendments as necessary) and except that the Note Trustee’s liability for the 
indemnification, remuneration and all other expenses of such Agents (if any) shall be limited 
to the amounts for the time being held by the Note Trustee in respect of the ETI Securities 
on the terms of the Trust Deed and which are available (after application in accordance with 
the relevant order of priority referred to in Condition 5) to discharge such liability; or (b) deliver 
the ETI Securities and all moneys, documents and records held by them in respect of the 
ETI Securities to or to the order of the Note Trustee or as the Note Trustee directs in such 
notice, and (ii) by notice in writing to the Issuer require it to make all subsequent payments 
in respect of the ETI Securities to or to the order of the Note Trustee and not to the Issuing 
and Principal Paying Agent with effect from the receipt of any such notice by the Issuer. 
8.7 
Business day conventions  
8.7.1 
If any date for payment in respect of any ETI Security is not a Currency Business 
Day and a Clearing System Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment until the next following day which is both a Currency Business Day 
and a Clearing System Business Day or to any interest or other sum in respect 
of such postponed payment.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
53031877.5 
8.7.2 
If any date referred to in the Conditions would otherwise fall on a day that is not 
an Issuer Business Day, then such date shall be postponed to the next day that 
is an Issuer Business Day. 
8.8 
Records 
For so long as the ETI Securities are represented by a Global Bearer Security in NGN form, 
the records of the Relevant Clearing Systems (which expression in this Condition 8.8 means 
the records that each Relevant Clearing System holds for its customers which reflect the 
amount of such customers’ interests in the ETI Securities) shall be conclusive evidence of 
the number of the ETI Securities represented by the Global Bearer Security and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by the Relevant Clearing System (which statement shall be 
made available to the bearer upon request) stating the number of ETI Securities represented 
by the Global Bearer Security at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the records of the 
Relevant Clearing System at that time. 
8.9 
Negotiability of Global Bearer Security 
If the ETI Securities are Bearer ETI Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security, the 
Global Bearer Security is a bearer document and negotiable and accordingly: 
8.9.1 
is freely transferable by delivery and such transfer shall operate to confer upon 
the transferee all rights and benefits appertaining hereto and to bind the 
transferee with all obligations appertaining hereto pursuant to these Conditions; 
8.9.2 
the holder of the Global Bearer Security is and shall be absolutely entitled as 
against all previous holders to receive all amounts by way of amounts payable 
upon redemption or otherwise payable in respect of the Global Bearer Security 
and the Issuer waives as against such holder and any previous holder of the 
Global Bearer Security all rights of set-off or counterclaim that would or might 
otherwise be available to it in respect of the obligations evidenced by the Global 
Bearer Security; and 
8.9.3 
payment upon due presentation of the Global Bearer Security will operate as a 
good discharge against such holder and all previous holders of the Global 
Bearer Security. 
9 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment under the Conditions in respect of the ETI Securities 
shall be prescribed and become void unless made within 10 years from the date on which 
the payment of Redemption Amount in respect of the ETI Securities first became due or (if 
any amount of the money payable was improperly withheld or refused) the date on which 
payment in full of the amount outstanding was made or (if earlier) the date seven days after 
that on which notice is duly given to the ETI Securityholders that, upon further presentation 
of the ETI Security being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be 
made, provided that payment is in fact made upon such presentation (such date the 
“Relevant Date”) save that if the ETI Securities are in global bearer form claims in respect 
of Redemption Amount in respect of the relevant Global Bearer Security shall become void 
unless the Global Bearer Security is presented for payment within a period of 10 years from 
the appropriate Relevant Date.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
53031877.5 
10 
Events of Default 
10.1 
If any of the following events (each, an “Event of Default”) occurs, the Note Trustee at its 
discretion may or will, if so directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETI 
Securities then outstanding or if so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution, a copy of which 
has been provided to the Note Trustee (provided that in each case the Note Trustee shall 
have been indemnified and/or secured and/or pre-funded to its satisfaction by one or more 
ETI Securityholders in accordance with the Trust Deed), give notice to the Issuer (copied to 
the Programme Security Trustee and each other Series Party) (such notice an “Event of 
Default Redemption Notice”) that the ETI Securities are, and they shall immediately 
become, due and payable at their Redemption Amount as at the date of the Event of Default 
Redemption Notice and, in accordance with the Programme Security Trust Deed, instruct 
the Programme Security Trustee to enforce the Programme Security: 
10.1.1 
the Issuer defaults in the payment of any sum due in respect of the ETI 
Securities, or any of them or in respect of any other indebtedness of the Issuer 
including in respect of the ETI Securities, or any of them, of any other Series 
issued under the Programme for a period of 14 calendar days or more; 
10.1.2 
a Risk Capital Default Event occurs;   
10.1.3 
the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its obligations 
(other than a payment obligation) under the ETI Securities, the Trust Deed or 
any other Series Document in respect of any Series issued under the 
Programme, which default is incapable of remedy or, if in the opinion of the Note 
Trustee capable of remedy, is not remedied within 30 calendar days (or such 
longer period as the Note Trustee may permit) after notice of such default shall 
have been given to the Issuer by the Note Trustee (and, for these purposes, a 
failure to perform or comply with an obligation shall be deemed to be remediable 
notwithstanding that the failure results from not doing an act or thing by a 
particular time);  
10.1.4 
any order shall be made by any competent court or any resolution passed for 
the winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer, save for the purposes of 
amalgamation, merger, consolidation, reorganisation or other similar 
arrangement on terms previously approved in writing by the Note Trustee or by 
an Extraordinary Resolution; or  
10.1.5 
an Event of Default (as defined in the terms and conditions of the relevant 
Series) occurs in respect of any other Series of ETI Securities issued by the 
Issuer under the Programme. 
The Issuer will, as soon as reasonably practicable after receipt of any Event of Default 
Redemption Notice, give notice thereof to the ETI Securityholders in accordance with 
Condition 17 and to the Authorised Participant(s). 
The Issuer has undertaken in the Trust Deed that, in the month in each year in which the 
anniversary of the execution of the first Constituting Instrument executed by the Issuer and 
the Note Trustee under the Programme falls and also within 14 calendar days of any request 
by the Note Trustee, it will send to the Note Trustee a certificate of the Issuer signed by any 
two directors of the Issuer to the effect that, such directors having made all reasonable

--- Page 54 ---
54 
53031877.5 
enquiries, to the best of the knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer as at a date (the 
“Certification Date”) not more than 5 calendar days before the date of the certificate no 
Event of Default or Potential Event of Default has occurred since the Certification Date of the 
last such certificate or (if none) the date of such Constituting Instrument or, if such an event 
has occurred, giving details of it and confirming that the Issuer has, to the best of the 
knowledge, information and belief of the Issuer, since the date of the last such Certification 
Date, complied with its obligations under the relevant Trust Deed. 
11 
Enforcement 
Pursuant to the terms of the Trust Deed, only the Note Trustee may, at its discretion and 
without further notice, take such action or step or institute such proceedings against the 
Issuer, as it may think fit to enforce the rights of the holders of the ETI Securities against the 
Issuer whether the same arise under general law, the Trust Deed or the ETI Securities, any 
other Series Document or otherwise, but, in each case, it need not take any such action or 
step or institute proceedings unless in accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, the Note 
Trustee is so directed by an Extraordinary Resolution a copy of which has been provided to 
the Note Trustee or notified in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETI Securities 
then outstanding and it shall have been secured and/or pre-funded and/or indemnified to its 
satisfaction.  
None of the ETI Securityholders shall be entitled to proceed directly against the Issuer unless 
the Note Trustee, having become bound to proceed in accordance with the terms of the Trust 
Deed, fails or neglects to do so within a reasonable time and such failure is continuing. 
The ETI Securityholders acknowledge and agree that only the Programme Security Trustee 
may enforce the Programme Security in accordance with, and subject to the terms of, the 
Programme Security Trust Deed. 
12 
Restrictions  
So long as any of the ETI Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer shall not, without the 
prior written consent of the Note Trustee:  
12.1.1 
release any party to the relevant Trust Deed or any other relevant Series 
Document relating to a Series of ETI Securities from any existing obligations 
thereunder (other than as contemplated by the relevant Trust Deed and / or the 
Conditions relating to such Series of ETI Securities); 
12.1.2 
consent to any variation of, or exercise any powers or consent or waiver 
pursuant to, the terms of the Conditions, the relevant Trust Deed or any other 
Series Document relating to any Series of ETI Securities (other than as 
contemplated or permitted by the Conditions and the relevant Series 
Documents);  
12.1.3 
have any employees (provided this shall not prevent the appointment of the 
directors);  
12.1.4 
incur any other indebtedness for borrowed moneys, other than, subject to 
Condition 16, issuing further ETI Securities under the Programme (which may 
or may not form a single Series with the ETI Securities of any Series and may 
or may not be guaranteed by a third party), provided that any such further ETI

--- Page 55 ---
55 
53031877.5 
Securities rank pari passu with all other ETI Securities issued under the 
Programme; and  
12.1.5 
sell, transfer, redeem or otherwise dispose of any assets that are the subject of 
the Programme Security or any other part of the Programme Secured Property 
or any right or interest therein or thereto or create or allow to exist any charge, 
lien or other encumbrance over such Programme Secured Property except in 
accordance with the Programme Security Trust Deed. 
13 
Risk Capital Ratio  
13.1 
On each Quarterly Assessment Date, the Risk Capital Ratio shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent and notified to the Issuer and the Note Trustee.  
13.2 
If on any Quarterly Assessment Date the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than the Risk Capital 
Maximum Level, the Issuer shall take commercially reasonable steps to remedy such breach 
before the Reassessment Date.  
13.3 
If on any Quarterly Assessment Date, the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than the Risk Capital 
Maximum Level, the Calculation Agent shall on the immediately following Reassessment 
Date calculate the Risk Capital Ratio and notify the result of such calculation to the Note 
Trustee and the Issuer. If on such Reassessment Date the Risk Capital Ratio remains greater 
than the Risk Capital Maximum Level, a “Risk Capital Default Event” shall be deemed to 
have occurred as of that Reassessment Date.  
14 
Meetings of ETI Securityholders, modification, waiver, substitution and 
restrictions  
14.1 
Meetings of ETI Securityholders 
The Trust Deed contains provisions for convening meetings of the ETI Securityholders to 
consider any matter affecting their interests, including modification by Extraordinary 
Resolution of the ETI Securities (including these Conditions or the provisions of the Trust 
Deed insofar as the same may apply to such ETI Securities).  
The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be two or more 
ETI Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate 
more than 50 per cent. of the number of the ETI Securities for the time being outstanding or, 
at any adjourned such meeting two or more ETI Securityholders or agents present in person 
being or representing in the aggregate not less than 10 per cent. of the number of the ETI 
Securities so held or represented, and an Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such 
meeting shall be binding on all the ETI Securityholders, whether present or not, except that 
any Extraordinary Resolution proposed, inter alia, (i) to amend the dates of maturity or 
redemption of the ETI Securities (ii) to reduce or cancel the principal amount payable on 
redemption of, the ETI Securities, (iii) to change any method of calculating the Redemption 
Amount, (iv) to change the currency or currencies of payment or Denomination of the ETI 
Securities, (v) to take any steps which as specified in the Trust Deed may only be taken 
following approval by an Extraordinary Resolution to which the special quorum provisions 
apply, (vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of ETI 
Securityholders or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution, (vii) to modify 
the provisions of the Trust Deed concerning this exception or (viii) to modify any other

--- Page 56 ---
56 
53031877.5 
provisions specifically identified for this purpose in the Trust Deed will only be binding if 
passed at a meeting of the ETI Securityholders, the quorum at which shall be two or more 
ETI Securityholders or agents present in person holding or representing in the aggregate not 
less than 75 per cent. of the number of ETI Securities for the time being outstanding, or at 
any adjourned meeting, two or more ETI Securityholders or agents present in person being 
or representing in the aggregate not less than 25 per cent. of the number of the ETI Securities 
so held or represented.  The holder of a Global Bearer Security representing all of the ETI 
Securities for the time being outstanding will be treated as being two persons for the 
purposes of such quorum requirements.  A resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the 
holders of not less than 75 per cent. of the aggregate number of the ETI Securities for the 
time being outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effectual as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of ETI Securityholders. 
14.2 
Modification of the relevant Series Documents  
14.2.1 
The Note Trustee may agree, without the consent of the ETI Securityholders, to:  
14.2.1.1 
any modification to the Programme Security Trust Deed, these Conditions, the 
Trust Deed and/or any other Series Document to which the Note Trustee is a 
party which is, in the opinion of the Note Trustee, of a formal, minor or technical 
nature or is made to: (a) correct a manifest error; (b) comply with any mandatory 
provisions of applicable law; or (c) cure, correct or supplement any defective 
provision of the Programme Security Trust Deed, any Trust Deed and / or any 
other Series Document,  
14.2.1.2 
any modification, and any waiver or authorisation of any breach or proposed 
breach of any of the Programme Security Trust Deed, these Conditions or any 
of the provisions of the Trust Deed and/or any other Series Document to which 
the Note Trustee is a party that is in the opinion of the Note Trustee not 
materially prejudicial to the interests of the ETI Securityholders; and  
14.2.1.3 
any modification to the Programme Security Trust Deed, these Conditions, any 
provisions of the Trust Deed and / or any other Series Document to which the 
Note Trustee is a party which the Issuer considers reasonably necessary as a 
result of any change in applicable law which has the effect of changing the 
regulatory status of the Issuer 
14.2.1.4 
Any such modification, authorisation or waiver as referred to in this Condition 14.2 will be 
binding on the ETI Securityholders and, if the Note Trustee so requires, such modification 
will be notified by the Issuer to the ETI Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 as 
soon as reasonably practicable. 
14.2.2 
The Issuer may agree, without of the consent of the Note Trustee or the ETI Securityholders, 
to any modification to these Conditions, the Trust Deed and/or any other Series Document 
(whether or not the Note Trustee is a party thereto) which is not specifically stated therein to 
require the consent of the Note Trustee or the ETI Securityholders, including any modification 
which is made in connection with the accession of a new Authorised Participant to the 
Programme.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
53031877.5 
14.3 
Substitution 
The Note Trustee may, with the consent of the ETI Securityholders given by way of 
Extraordinary Resolution, agree to the substitution in place of the Issuer (or of any previous 
substitute) as the principal debtor under the relevant Trust Deed, the other Series Documents 
to which it is a party and the ETI Securities of each Series, of any other company 
(incorporated in any jurisdiction), subject to any conditions of such substitution approved by 
the ETI Securityholders in the Extraordinary Resolution.  
14.4 
Entitlement of the Note Trustee 
In accordance with the terms of the Trust Deed, in connection with the exercise of its 
functions under the relevant Series Documents, the Note Trustee will have regard to the 
interests of the ETI Securityholders as a Series and will not have regard to the consequences 
of such exercise for individual ETI Securityholders and the Note Trustee will not be entitled 
to require, nor shall any ETI Securityholder be entitled to claim, from the Issuer any 
indemnification or payment in respect of any Tax consequence of any such exercise upon 
individual ETI Securityholders. 
So long as the ETI Securities are in global bearer form and such Global Bearer Security is 
held by or on behalf of the Relevant Clearing System, in considering the interests of ETI 
Securityholders, the Note Trustee may have regard to any information provided to it by the 
Relevant Clearing System or its operator as to the identity (either individually or by category) 
of its accountholders or participants with entitlements to any such Global Bearer Security 
and may consider such interests on the basis that such accountholders or participants were 
the holder(s) thereof. 
14.5 
Prohibition on U.S. persons 
ETI Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any U.S. person at any time nor 
offered, sold or delivered within the United States or to U.S. persons. The Issuer has the 
right, at its option, to refuse to recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial 
owner of ETI Securities who contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such ETI 
Securities to such legal or beneficial owner or to redeem any such ETI Securities held by 
such legal or beneficial owner. Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale 
by such legal or beneficial owner or by the Issuer selling such ETI Securities on behalf of 
such legal or beneficial owner. Terms used in this Condition 14.5 have the meanings given 
to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
14.6 
ERISA prohibition 
ETI Securities may not be legally or beneficially owned by any entity that is, or that is using 
the assets of, (a) (i) an “Employee Benefit Plan” (as defined in Section 3(3) of the United 
States Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended (“ERISA”)) that is 
subject to the fiduciary responsibility requirements of Title I of ERISA, (ii) any plan to which 
Section 4975 of the United States Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”) 
applies (a “Plan”) or (iii) an entity whose constituent assets include “Plan Assets” (as 
determined pursuant to the “Plan Assets Regulation” issued by the United States 
Department of Labor at 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of 
ERISA) by reason of any such Employee Benefit Plan’s or Plan’s investment in the entity or 
(b) a non-U.S. plan, governmental plan, church plan or other plan that is subject to any

--- Page 58 ---
58 
53031877.5 
federal, state, local, non-U.S. or other law or regulation that is similar to the provisions of 
Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code (a “Similar Law”) unless its acquisition 
and holding and disposition of such Security, or any interest therein, has not and will not 
constitute a violation of such Similar Law. The Issuer has the right, at its option, to refuse to 
recognise any such transfer or to compel any legal or beneficial owner of ETI Securities who 
contravenes such prohibition to void the transfer of such ETI Securities to such legal or 
beneficial owner or to redeem any such ETI Securities held by such legal or beneficial owner. 
Transfers may be voided by the Issuer by compelling a sale by such legal or beneficial owner 
or by the issuer selling such ETI Securities on behalf of such legal or beneficial owner. Terms 
used in this Condition 14.6 have the meanings given to them by the Code. 
15 
Replacement of ETI Securities 
If an ETI Security in bearer form is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be 
replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations and stock exchange or other relevant 
authority regulations, at the specified office of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent or such 
other Paying Agent, as the case may be, as may, from time to time, be designated by the 
Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is given to ETI Securityholders, in 
each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in connection therewith 
and on such terms as to evidence, security, indemnity (which may provide, inter alia, that if 
the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed ETI Security is subsequently presented for payment 
there shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of 
such ETI Security) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. Mutilated or defaced ETI 
Securities must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16 
Issue of further Tranches and Series of ETI Securities 
16.1 
Further Tranches 
The Issuer may, from time to time (without the consent of the Note Trustee or any ETI 
Securityholder), in accordance with the Trust Deed, the Conditions and the Authorised 
Participant Agreement(s), create and issue further securities either having the same terms 
and conditions as the ETI Securities in all respects and so that such further issue shall be 
consolidated and form a single Series with the ETI Securities or upon such terms as the 
Issuer may determine at the time of their issue and/or incur further obligations relating to 
such securities. 
The Issuer shall not issue ETI Securities of any Series to any person unless the Issue Price 
of such ETI Securities is equal to or greater than the Redemption Amount which would be 
payable in respect of such Securities on the relevant Subscription Date.   
An Authorised Participant may request that the Issuer issue additional Tranches of the ETI 
Securities by delivering a valid Subscription Order subject to and in accordance with the 
terms of the relevant Authorised Participant Agreement. 
The Issuer will only accept a Subscription Order and issue ETI Securities if: 
16.1.1 
a Subscription Order is given by an Authorised Participant and determined to 
be valid by or on behalf of the Issuer; 
16.1.2 
the acceptance of such Subscription Order will not cause any Subscription Limit 
for the ETI Securities to be exceeded; and

--- Page 59 ---
59 
53031877.5 
16.1.3 
all conditions precedent to an issue of the ETI Securities are satisfied.  
In accordance with the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement(s), the Issuer will not 
be obliged to accept any Subscription Order and/or issue ETI Securities if a Subscription 
Suspension Event has occurred and is continuing. If an Issuer Call Redemption Notice is 
delivered the last day on which the Issuer is required to accept a valid Subscription Order 
shall be the fifth Issuer Business Day preceding the related Redemption Day designated in 
such notice.  
The Issuer may suspend the issuance of further ETI Securities at any time. If a Subscription 
Suspension Event occurs, the Issuer shall not accept any Subscription Orders for the ETI 
Securities with effect from the date of suspension specified in the relevant notice to the 
Calculation Agent and the Authorised Participants until such time (if any) as the Issuer 
notifies such Series Parties that it shall recommence the issue of further Tranches of the ETI 
Securities. The effective date of any such suspension will be specified in the related notice 
and will be a day not earlier than the Subscription Date following the date of such notice. The 
Issuer shall give notice to ETI Securityholders in accordance with Condition 17 of any such 
suspension as soon as reasonably practicable after giving any notice of suspension of 
subscriptions. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which has been accepted by or on behalf of the Issuer 
but in respect of which the Subscription Settlement Date has not yet occurred as at the date 
of the occurrence of an Event of Default, each such Subscription Order shall automatically 
be cancelled with effect from the date of the occurrence of such Event of Default. 
In relation to any Subscription Order which is valid but in respect of which the ETI Securities 
are pending issue and settlement to the relevant Authorised Participant as at the date of 
delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (due to the Subscription Settlement Date 
not having occurred at such date, the relevant Authorised Participant not having delivered in 
full the relevant subscription amount on a Subscription Settlement Date falling prior to such 
date, or otherwise), any such Subscription Order shall automatically be cancelled with effect 
from such date of delivery of an Event of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable).  
If at any time after the occurrence of the Subscription Settlement Date in respect of which 
the relevant Authorised Participant has not paid in full the related subscription amount an 
Event of Default Redemption Notice is delivered, the ETI Securities issued on any such 
Subscription Settlement Date which are pending settlement to the relevant Authorised 
Participant shall automatically be cancelled with effect from the date of delivery of an Event 
of Default Redemption Notice (as applicable). ETI Securities requested for issue and 
subscribed for by an Authorised Participant may be held on an inventory basis by such 
Authorised Participant and offered for sale and/or sold over a period of time. 
In relation to any Subscription Order, in satisfaction of the relevant subscription amount, the 
Issuer may agree with the relevant Authorised Participant to accept the delivery to, or to the 
order of, the Issuer of Underlying Securities which the Calculation Agent determines have a 
value on the Subscription Date, after taking account of any costs of transfer or delivery which 
are to be discharged by the Issuer, which is equal to or greater than the subscription amount.  
Notwithstanding the above, the Issuer may from time to time issue ETI Securities of any 
Series to an investor on such terms as the Issuer and such investor may agree provided that

--- Page 60 ---
60 
53031877.5 
the Issue Price of such ETI Securities shall not be less than the Redemption Amount which 
would be payable in respect of such Securities on the relevant Subscription Date.   
Any new securities forming a single Series with the ETI Securities and which are expressed 
to be constituted by the Trust Deed will, upon the issue thereof by the Issuer, be constituted 
by the Trust Deed and secured by the Programme Security Trust Deed without any further 
formality and irrespective of whether or not the issue of such securities contravenes any 
covenant or other restriction in the Trust Deed or the Programme Security Trust Deed and 
shall be secured by the Programme Secured Property. 
For avoidance of doubt the Issuer may establish further programmes to issue any kind of 
securities without consent of the ETI Securityholders or the Note Trustee. 
17 
Notices 
17.1 
All notices to ETI Securityholders will be deemed to have been duly given and valid: 
17.1.1 
if published on the internet on the website www.imaps-capital.com or any 
successor webpage thereto and any such notice shall be deemed to have been 
given on the day of publication on the website; and 
17.1.2 
for so long as the ETI Securities are listed on any Relevant Stock Exchange, 
they are published in accordance with the rules and regulations of such 
Relevant Stock Exchange or other relevant authority; and 
17.1.3 
for so long as the ETI Securities are in global form, notices required to be given 
in respect of the ETI Securities represented by a Global Bearer Security are 
given by their being delivered (so long as the Global Bearer Security is held on 
behalf of a Relevant Clearing System) to the Relevant Clearing System, or 
otherwise to the holder of the Global Bearer Security, rather than by publication 
as required above. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the 
holders of the ETI Securities on the Clearing System Business Day immediately 
following the day on which the notice was given to the Relevant Clearing 
System. 
17.2 
Failure to give notice where required will not invalidate any determination, calculation or 
correction, as applicable. 
18 
Relevant Clearing System 
None of the Issuer, the Note Trustee or the Agents will have any responsibility for the 
performance by the Relevant Clearing System (or its participants or indirect participants) of 
any of their respective obligations under the rules and procedures governing their operations. 
19 
Governing law and jurisdiction 
19.1 
Governing law 
The Trust Deed and the ETI Securities (including any Global Bearer Security), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with them, are governed by, and shall 
be construed in accordance with, Irish law.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
53031877.5 
19.2 
Jurisdiction 
The courts of Ireland are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes that may arise 
out of or in connection with any ETI Securities and, accordingly, any legal action or 
proceedings arising out of or in connection with any ETI Securities (“Proceedings”) may be 
brought in such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and 
waives any objections to Proceedings in such courts on the ground of venue or on the ground 
that the Proceedings have been brought in an inconvenient forum. This submission is for the 
benefit of each of the Note Trustee and the ETI Securityholders and shall not limit the right 
of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the 
taking of Proceedings in any one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in 
any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
20 
Service of process 
The Issuer has by executing the Constituting Instrument irrevocably appointed the person 
specified therein as its process agent to receive, for it and on its behalf, service of process 
in any Proceedings in Ireland. Service of process on such process agent shall be deemed 
valid service upon the Issuer whether or not it is forwarded to and received by the Issuer. 
The Issuer shall inform the Note Trustee in writing of any change in its process agent’s 
address within 28 calendar days of such change. If for any reason such process agent 
ceases to be able to act as such or no longer has an address in Dublin, the Issuer irrevocably 
agrees to appoint a substitute process agent in Ireland reasonably acceptable to the Note 
Trustee and to deliver to it a copy of the substitute process agent’s written acceptance of 
that appointment, within 14 calendar days.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
53031877.5 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The Issuer will have discretion as to how the net proceeds from each issue of ETI Securities will be 
applied. 
The Issuer may, but is not obliged to, use the net proceeds from each issue of ETI Securities to acquire 
Underlying Securities. The Issuer may also invest in assets other than the Underlying Securities.  If such 
assets do not perform as well as the Underlying Securities, it is likely that the Issuer would not have 
sufficient assets to discharge its obligations in respect of the ETI Securities. To mitigate this risk the 
Issuer is subject to an obligation to comply with a maximum Risk Capital Ratio which will limit the ability 
of the Issuer to invest in assets other than the Underlying Securities by requiring the Issuer to maintain 
shareholder equity in respect of any assets it acquires which do not serve as a direct hedge of its 
obligations under the ETI Securities.  
Reason for the offer is to aim for profits for the company by getting slightly higher returns on capital 
invested than capital costs. The expected issuance proceeds get disclosed on a per series basis in the 
Final Terms. The costs of the issuance per series is approximately 10,000 CHF. 
The Risk Capital Ratio is calculated by reference to the total assets of the Issuer rather than on a per 
Series basis. 
Risk Capital Ratio  
The “Risk Capital Ratio” shall be calculated quarterly by the Calculation Agent on each Quarterly 
Assessment Date and shall be equal to the fraction expressed as a percentage obtained by dividing (A) 
the Risk Assets on that Quarterly Assessment Date by (B) the Net Tangible Equity on that Quarterly 
Assessment Date,  
Where:  
“Net Tangible Equity” means on any date, the shareholders equity of the Issuer less goodwill, as per 
the most recent financial statements prepared in respect of the Issuer;    
“Quarterly Assessment Date” means the last Issuer Business Day of March, June, September and 
December. 
“Risk Assets” means Total Assets less Hedging Assets;  
“Total Assets” means on any date, the total assets of the Issuer as per the most recent financial 
statements prepared in respect of the Issuer; and  
“Hedging Assets” means on any date, any assets of the Issuer comprised of Underlying Securities in 
respect of any Series of ETI Securities, as per the date of the most recent financial statements prepared 
in respect of the Issuer. 
If the Risk Capital Ratio is greater than 200% (the “Risk Capital Maximum Level”), the Issuer shall 
take commercially reasonable steps to remedy such breach before the Reassessment Date, being the 
day falling five (5) Issuer Business Days immediately following any Quarterly Assessment Date.  If on 
the immediately following Reassessment Date the Risk Capital Ratio remains greater than the Risk 
Capital Maximum Level, a “Risk Capital Default Event” shall be deemed to have occurred as of that 
Reassessment Date.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
53031877.5 
 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC acts as the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
ISSUE BY FINAL TERMS 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, the Issuer will prepare a related Final Terms which, for the 
purposes of that Series only, must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus. The terms and 
conditions applicable to any particular Series are the Conditions as completed by the related Final 
Terms. 
An issue-specific summary prepared in accordance with Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation will be 
appended to the Final Terms for the ETI Securities (each an “Issue Specific Summary”).

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
FORM OF THE FINAL TERMS 
iMAPS ETI AG  
(a public company incorporated under the laws of Liechtenstein) 
EUR 27,182,818,285 Programme for the issue of ETI Securities  
  
(the “Programme”) 
 
Final Terms 
Dated [●] 
Series [●] ETI Securities (the “Series”) 
 
Unless terms are defined herein, capitalised terms shall have the meanings given to them in the terms 
and conditions (the “Master Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 12th July 2021, [and 
the supplements to it dated [●]] (the “Base Prospectus”). This document constitutes the Final Terms of 
the above Series of ETI Securities (the “ETI Securities”) for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market (the 
“Prospectus Regulation”) and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, and in particular, 
the Master Conditions of the ETI Securities, as set out therein.  Full information on the Issuer and the 
terms and conditions of the ETI Securities, is only available on the basis of the combination of these 
Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus [and the supplements to it dated [●]] 
[has][have] been published in accordance with Article 21 of the Prospectus Regulation at 
http://www.fma-li.li and is available for viewing during normal business hours at the registered office of 
the Issuer.  
[The Issue Specific Summary of the ETI Securities is annexed to these Final Terms.] 
[The text referring to the Prospectus Regulation only relates to the ETI Securities in respect of which a 
prospectus is required to be prepared under the Prospectus Regulation and should otherwise be 
disregarded.] 
[ETI Securities issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective investment 
scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment Schemes of 23 June 
2006 (CISA), as amended. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the Issuer of the ETI Securities.]

--- Page 66 ---
66 
53031877.5 
The Final Terms of the ETI Securities comprise the following: 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
The particulars in relation to this issue of ETI Securities are as follows: [Include whichever of the 
following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should remain as set out below, 
even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
1. 
 Issuer: 
iMaps ETI AG (LEI: 5299000ESEDFHHWG3R53) 
2. 
 (i) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 (ii) 
Tranches: 
[●] 
 (iii) 
Relevant Currency: 
[●] 
 (iv) 
Form: 
[Uncertificated ETI Securities / Bearer ETI Securities] 
3. 
 Arranger: 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC. 
4. 
 Note Trustee: 
Noteholder Services PTC 
5. 
 Programme Security Trustee: 
Collateral Services PTC 
6. 
 Issuing 
and 
Principal 
Paying 
Agent: 
[ISP Securities AG1 / Baader Bank AG2] 
7. 
 Calculation Agent: 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC. 
8. 
 Authorised Participant: 
[●]. 
9. 
 Issue Price: 
[ 
] per ETI Security 
10. 
 Principal Amount: 
[ 
] per ETI Security 
11. 
 Denomination:  
[Specify Currency]  
12. 
 Issue Date: 
[●] 
13. 
 Underlying Issuer:  
[Specify]  
14. 
 Underlying Security:  
[Specify]  
[Further information in relation to the Underlying 
Security, including on its volatility and past and further 
performance can be found on the website of the 
Arranger, https://imaps-capital.com/.]    
 
1 Include for ETI Securities issued as Uncertificated ETI Securities. 
2 Include for ETI Securities issued as Bearer ETI Securities.

--- Page 67 ---
67 
53031877.5 
15. 
 Series Issue Date: 
[insert date of issuance of the initial Tranche of the 
Series] 
16. 
 Standard Redemption: 
[Permitted / Not permitted] 
17. 
 Standard Redemption Day(s): 
[[●]/ Not applicable] 
18. 
 Issuer Call Redemption Notice 
Period: 
[[●] calendar days] 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in these Final Terms.  Having taken all 
reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in the Base Prospectus, as 
completed by these Final Terms in relation to the Series of ETI Securities referred to above is, to the 
best of the Issuer’s knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect 
its import. 
Signed on behalf of: 
[●] 
 
 
By: ............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 68 ---
68 
53031877.5 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made to the Vienna Stock 
Exchange for the Series of ETI Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and trading on 
the Vienna MTF. There is no guarantee that such 
application or applications will be successful or, if 
successful, that such admissions to trading will be 
maintained.]  
[Application has been made to the Stuttgart Stock 
Exchange for the Series of ETI Securities to which these 
Final Terms apply to be admitted to listing and trading on 
the regulated unofficial market operated by the Stuttgart 
Stock Exchange. There is no guarantee that such 
application or applications will be successful or, if 
successful, that such admissions to trading will be 
maintained.]   
 
Authorisation   
The issue of these Final Terms and the Series [●] were 
authorised by resolutions of the Board of Directors of the 
Issuer passed on [●]. 
 
Notification 
The Liechtenstein Financial Market Authority has 
provided the competent authorities of the [and [names of 
other competent authorities of host member states of the 
EEA]] with a certificate of approval attesting that the 
Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with 
the Prospectus Regulation. 
 
Reasons for the offer:  
[●] 
[(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base Prospectus – 
if reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks, will need to include those reasons 
here.)] 
 
Interests of natural and legal persons involved in the issue 
 
[So far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the offer of the ETI Securities has an interest 
material to the offer] 
 
Distribution 
 
 
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Not Applicable] [An offer of the ETI Securities may be 
made by the Authorised Offerors specified in Paragraph 
8 of Part B below other than pursuant to Article 5(1) of 
the Prospectus Regulation in [specify relevant Member 
State(s) – which must be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus 
and 
any 
supplements 
have 
been 
passported] (“Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions”) during 
the period from [specify date] until [specify date or a 
formula such as “the Issue Date” or “the date which falls

--- Page 69 ---
69 
53031877.5 
[ ] Issuer Business Days thereafter”] (“Offer Period”).  
See further Paragraph 8 of Part B below.] 
 
 
[N.B. Consider any local regulatory requirements 
necessary to be fulfilled so as to be able to make a non-
exempt offer in relevant jurisdictions. No such offer 
should be made in any relevant jurisdiction until those 
requirements have been met. Public Offers may only be 
made into jurisdictions in which the prospectus (and any 
supplement) has been notified/passported] 
 
Additional Selling Restrictions: 
[Not Applicable] 
 
Operational Information 
 
 
ISIN Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Common Code: 
[ 
] 
 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[ 
] 
 
Relevant Clearing System:  
[ 
] 
 
Terms and Conditions of the Offer  
 
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price][specify] 
 
Conditions to which the offer is 
subject: 
[Not 
Applicable/[insert 
any 
applicable 
additional 
conditions to offer]/Offers of the ETI Securities are 
conditional upon their issue and, as between the 
Authorised Offeror(s) and their customers, any further 
conditions as may be agreed between them] 
 
Description of the application process: [Not Applicable.] [ETI Securities will be issued to 
investors as per the arrangements in place between the 
Authorised Offeror and such investor, including as to the 
application process, allocation, price, expenses and 
settlement arrangements.] [A commission will be 
charged to investors by [an/the] Authorised Offeror [of an 
amount equal to [●] per cent.] of the Offer Price of the 
ETI Securities to be purchased by the relevant investor.] 
 
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions 
and 
manner 
for 
refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Details 
of 
the 
minimum 
and/or 
maximum amount of application: 
[Not Applicable/give details]

--- Page 70 ---
70 
53031877.5 
 
Details of the method and time limit for 
paying up and delivering the ETI 
Securities: 
[Not Applicable/The ETI Securities will be issued on the 
Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys] 
 
Manner in and date on which results 
of the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Categories of investors to whom the 
securities are being offered.  
[Subject to complying with any restrictions applicable to 
offers of the ETI Securities in any jurisdictions, the ETI 
Securities may be offered to all categories of investors.] 
[In case of an offer to retail clients in Switzerland an 
Authorized Offeror must be appointed.]  
 
Whether 
tranche(s) 
have 
been 
reserved for certain countries: 
Not Applicable. Tranches have not been reserved for 
particular countries.  
 
Process for notification to applicants 
of the amount allotted and the 
indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber 
or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
Name(s) and address(es), to the 
extent known to the Issuer, of the 
placers in the various countries where 
the offer takes place. 
[None/give details] 
 
Name and address of financial 
intermediary/ies authorised to use the 
Base Prospectus, as completed by 
these Final Terms (the “Authorised 
Offerors”): 
[●] [and] [each Authorised Participant expressly named 
as an Authorised Offeror on the Issuer’s website 
(www.[●].com)

--- Page 71 ---
71 
53031877.5 
ANNEX – ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY 
[Issue Specific Summary of the ETI Securities to be inserted if (i) the ETI Securities are to be listed on 
a regulated market in the EEA or (ii) publicly offered in a member state of the EEA]

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SECURITY  
The Issuer’s obligations in respect of the ETI Securities of each Series will be secured by security 
created by the Issuer pursuant to a programme security trust deed dated 18 July 2019 and entered into 
between the Issuer, the Programme Security Trustee and the Note Trustee (the “Programme Security 
Trust Deed”).  
Pursuant to the terms of the Programme Security Trust Deed, the Issuer as beneficial owner thereby 
mortgaged and charged by way of first ranking mortgage and charge in favour of the Programme 
Security Trustee as trustee for the Programme Secured Creditors (as described below): 
(i) 
any Underlying Securities acquired by the Issuer from time to time; 
(ii) 
all dividends, interest and other income then or thereafter paid or payable on any of the 
Underlying Securities referred to in paragraph (i); 
(iii) 
all stocks, shares, units, securities, rights, moneys or property accruing or offered at any time 
(whether by way of bonus, redemption, preference, option right or otherwise) to or in respect of 
any of the Underlying Securities referred to in paragraph (i) or in substitution or exchange for or 
otherwise derived from any of the Underlying Securities referred to in paragraph (i); and 
(iv) 
all dividends, interest and other income then or thereafter paid or payable on any of the assets 
referred to in paragraph (iii). 
The Programme Security was granted as a continuing security for the due payment and discharge of all 
present and future obligations of the Issuer to the Programme Secured Creditors under the Series 
Documents of each Series of ETI Securities. The Programme Secured Creditors are the note trustee, 
the agents, the authorised participants and the holders of the ETI Securities of each Series of ETI 
Securities issued by the Issuer from time to time and the Programme Security Trustee.  
While the ETI Securities will have recourse to assets of the Issuer other than the Underlying Securities 
and the related rights, such other assets will not be subject to the Programme Security. All Series of ETI 
Securities will benefit from the Programme Security on a pari passu basis and in the event that the 
proceeds of enforcement of the Programme Security are insufficient to discharge the obligations of the 
Issuer in respect of the ETI Securities, any shortfall will be shared on a pro rata basis by all Series of 
ETI Securities. The holders of the ETI Securities will rank as unsecured creditors of the Issuer in respect 
of any such shortfall. 
Enforcement of the Programme Security  
Upon receipt by the Programme Security Trustee of an Event of Default Redemption Notice in 
accordance with the conditions of any Series of ETI Securities from the Note Trustee following the 
occurrence of an Event of Default, the Programme Security shall become immediately enforceable. At 
any time after the Programme Security has become enforceable, the Note Trustee may, at its discretion, 
and shall, if so directed in writing by holders of at least a majority of the ETI Securities then outstanding 
of any Series or by an Extraordinary Resolution of the ETI Securityholders of any Series (a copy of 
which has been provided to the Note Trustee), in each case subject to its having been pre-funded and/or 
secured and/or indemnified to its satisfaction by the ETI Securityholders in accordance with the relevant 
Trust Deed, direct the Programme Security Trustee to enforce the Programme Security.

--- Page 73 ---
73 
53031877.5 
Application of Proceeds of Enforcement 
All moneys received by or on behalf of the Programme Security Trustee or any receiver under the terms 
of the Programme Security Trust Deed or otherwise in relation to the ETI Securities will, after an Event 
of Default Redemption Notice is delivered by the Note Trustee and despite any appropriation of all or 
part of them by the Issuer, be held by the Programme Security Trustee on trust to be applied by the 
Note Trustee in the following order: 
(i) 
first, in payment or satisfaction pari passu with each other on a pro rata basis:  
(a) 
all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts properly incurred by or 
payable in respect of the Programme and the ETI Securities to the Programme Security 
Trustee (which shall include, without limitation, any taxes required to be paid by the 
Programme Security Trustee (other than any income, corporation or similar tax in 
respect of the Programme Security Trustee’s remuneration), the costs of enforcing the 
Programme Security and its rights under the Programme Security Trust Deed, the 
Programme Security Trustee’s remuneration and the costs, fees and expenses of any 
Receiver); 
(b) 
all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other amounts properly incurred by or 
payable in respect of the Programme and the ETI Securities to the Note Trustee (which 
shall include, without limitation, any taxes required to be paid by the Note Trustee (other 
than any income, corporation or similar tax in respect of the Note Trustee’s 
remuneration), the costs of enforcing its rights under any Series Document and the Note 
Trustee’s remuneration); 
(ii) 
secondly, in payment or satisfaction of all fees, costs, charges, expenses, liabilities and other 
amounts properly incurred by or payable in respect of the Programme to the Agents and the 
Authorised Participants (other than in their capacity as holders of any ETI Securities); 
(iii) 
thirdly, in payment of any amounts owing to the holders of ETI Securities pari passu and 
rateably; and 
(iv) 
fourthly, in payment of any balance to the Issuer for itself. 
Restrictions applicable to the Programme Secured Property 
Under the terms of the Programme Security Trust Deed, the Issuer is not permitted to sell, redeem, 
transfer or otherwise dispose of any of the Underlying Securities that are the subject of the Programme 
Security without the prior written consent of the Programme Security Trustee which consent shall be 
provided upon the production of evidence in a form satisfactory to the Programme Security Trustee that 
such action is required in connection with a redemption of the ETI Securities of any Series.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
53031877.5 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
General 
iMaps ETI AG (LEI: 5299000ESEDFHHWG3R53) (the “Issuer”) was incorporated in Liechtenstein 
under the laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein (“Liechtenstein”) and organised in accordance with 
article 261 et seq. of the Liechtenstein Companies Act (Personen-und Gesellschaftsrecht, PGR) as a 
joint stock company on 21 September 2018, with registered number FL-0002.592.628-4. It is registered 
with the Liechtenstein Registry of Commerce (Handelsregister). 
The registered office of the Issuer is at lm alten Riet 102, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein.  The telephone 
number and fax number of the Issuer is Tel: +423 239 68 19 and Fax: +423 265 24 90.  The website of 
the Issuer is: http://www.imaps-capital.com/. The authorised share capital of the Issuer is EUR 125,000 
divided into 125 ordinary shares of EUR 1,000 each (“Shares”).  The Issuer has issued 125 Shares all 
of which are fully paid.  The issued Shares are held by iMaps Capital Markets SEZC.   
 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC has, inter alia, undertaken not to propose or pass any resolution to wind-
up or take any other steps or actions whatsoever for the purposes of winding-up the Issuer or make or 
support any petition to wind-up or appoint an administrator examiner, liquidator or similar person to the 
Issuer until the date on which all of the obligations of the Issuer with respect to the ETI Securities have 
been discharged in full.  No other measures are in place to ensure that the control by iMaps Capital 
Markets SEZC over the Issuer is not abused. 
For the life of this base prospectus the following documents (or copies thereof), where applicable, may 
be inspected at the registered office of the Issuer during regular business hours: (a) the memorandum 
and articles of association of the issuer; (b) all reports, letters, and other documents, historical financial 
information, valuations and statements prepared by any expert at the issuer’s request any part of which 
is included or referred to in the registration document; (c) the historical financial information of the issuer 
of the two financial years preceding the publication of the registration document in physical form or 
electronically. 
Business 
The Issuer has been established for the sole purpose of issuing the ETI Securities and hedging its 
obligations pursuant to such securities and to offer asset managers a platform to repackage their 
investment strategy into a structured investment product as a private label solution. 
The main business focus of the Issuer is to issue ETI Securities in the form of derivative securities whose 
value is 1:1 linked to a specific segregated portfolio. The Issuer will position itself as a private label 
platform for Exchange Traded Instruments / structured investment products / actively managed 
certificates. The Arranger of the Issuer and the Issuer will offer asset managers a platform to issue an 
exchange traded instrument repackaging their investment strategy into a structured investment product 
as a private label solution. Such asset managers might use the Issuer to launch exchange traded 
instruments / actively managed certificates to be offered to the public or within a private placement, or 
as a building block in an UCITS Fund, AIF Fund, or non-European Fund. Asset managers might also 
use the platform of the Issuer to launch a financial instrument repackaging collective investment 
schemes they are managing which themselves are restricted from marketing in the European Union. 
The Issuer intends to compete by offering services to asset managers, who for avoidance of doubt need 
to be fully licensed, authorised or registered to provide asset management services in their jurisdiction.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
53031877.5 
For avoidance of doubt, the Issuer may also issue derivative securities repackaging investment 
strategies self-managed by the iMaps Capital Markets Group. 
The Issuer competes with credit institutions, investment firms, special purpose vehicles arranged by 
credit institutions or investment firms authorised to carry out derivatives business in their home member 
state as well as, in some jurisdictions, with non-licensed companies and their special purpose vehicles 
issuing derivative securities like index certificates, actively managed certificates, exchange traded notes 
or other structured investment products as a private label solution. The Issuer also competes with 
securitisation special purpose entities carrying out securitisation transactions as defined in Regulation 
(EC) No 24/2009 of the European Central Bank as Feeder Fund Structures. The Issuer does not make 
any statement as to its competitive position.    
So long as any Series of ETI Securities remain outstanding, the Issuer will be subject to the restrictions 
set out in Condition 12 and Clause 9 of the relevant Trust Deed. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has not engaged in any activities other than the 
Issuance of ETI Securities and entering into Hedging Arrangement.  The Issuer has, and will have, no 
assets other than the sum of 125,000 Euro representing the issued and paid-up share capital, such fees 
(as agreed) per issue payable to it in connection with the issue of ETI Securities or any assets acquired 
by the Issuer with the net proceeds of the ETI Securities of each Series.   
The ETI Securities are obligations of the Issuer alone and not of, or guaranteed in any way by, the 
Arranger, any Authorised Participant, the Programme Security Trustee or the Note Trustee.  
Furthermore, they are not obligations of, or guaranteed in any way by the Agents. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has no borrowings or indebtedness in the nature of 
borrowings (including loan capital issued or created but unissued), term loans, liabilities under 
acceptances or acceptance credits, mortgages, charges or guarantees or other contingent liabilities, 
other than as disclosed above along with any related arrangements. As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus there are no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings against the Issuer. 
Directors and Company Secretary 
Directors 
The Directors of the Issuer are as follows: 
Andreas Wölfl 
Having completed his Master in Business Administration at Vienna University Economics and Business, 
Mr Andreas Wölfl started his career in investment services at the Vienna Stock Exchange in 2000 within 
the index and derivatives team. Soon he headed the Austrian Indices and their committees. Since 2004 
Mr Wölfl has developed as an entrepreneur and he has been a director in asset management companies 
domiciled in Switzerland and Liechtenstein, a German bank and a securitisation company in 
Luxembourg. Since 2007 Mr Wölfl has been engaged in the business of securitisations and structured 
investment products and has coordinated several listings of securitised products at the Regulated 
Unofficial Market of Deutsche Boerse AG, the multilateral trading facility operated by the Vienna Stock 
Exchange, the EWSM and the Gibraltar Stock Exchange. 
Mr Wölfl was appointed a director of the Issuer on 13 December 2019.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
53031877.5 
Investors’ attention is brought to the fact that Mr Wölfl is a director of Pecunia SPC which may be 
specified as an Underlying Issuer for any Series of ETI Securities. Mr Wölfl is a director of iMaps Capital 
Markets SEZC, the Arranger, the Authorised Participant and the Calculation Agent of the Programme 
and an indirect beneficial owner of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC and the Issuer. 
Herbert Hakala 
After he finished his training to become a banker at Raiffeisenbank, Mr Herbert Hakala became an 
employee at Raiffeisenbank for more than seven years with a focus on advising companies, high net 
wealth individuals and mass affluent retail clients in relation to financial instruments and funds. In 1991 
Mr Hakala moved to Deutsche Bank to become deputy branch manager responsible for the asset 
management department with approximately 150 million DEM assets under management. From the 
mid-1990s until 2009 Mr Hakala developed as an entrepreneur in the financial services industry to 
become director of PP Asset Management GmbH in 2009, the position he still holds. Mr Hakala has 
more than 35 years’ experience in the financial services industry. 
Mr Hakala was appointed a director of the Issuer on 13 December 2019. 
Jeffrey Alldis 
Jeffrey Alldis started his professional career in 2001 at the Portfolio Management Department of DZ 
PRIVATBANK (Schweiz) AG in Zurich. He was responsible for the commodity investment allocation, the 
administration of the standardised asset management products, and assisting with the issuance of new 
structured products. In 2009 he successfully passed the CIIA — Certified International Investment 
Analyst and the FRM — Financial Risk Manager exams. In 2010 Jeffrey changed to become an Analyst 
Markets Supervision & Investigations for the SIX Swiss Exchange supervising the structured products 
segement Scoach Switzerland, the derivatives exchange EUREX Zurich and the Blue-Chip Segment of 
SIX Swiss Exchange. 
In 2011 he decided to launch his own entrepreneurial venture by setting up an asset management 
company in Brazil. Back in Switzerland Jeffrey focused on his sales skills in various Swiss companies 
before entering back into the banking business in 2016 when becoming an Institutional Business 
Development Manager at Banca Credinvest SA in Zurich. His responsibilities were advising asset 
managers for the launch of White Label Actively Managed Certificates. In January 2020 Jeffrey 
successfully started his own company, Alldis & Partner GmbH, offering Social Media Marketing & Sales 
services for financial institutions. 
Jeffrey Alldis was appointed a director of the Issuer on 21 December 2020. 
Investors attention is drawn to the fact that each director of the Issuer is also a director of iMaps Europe 
AG, a company within the same group as the Issuer and the Arranger. 
The business address of the Directors is lm alten Riet 102, 9494 Schaan, Liechtenstein. 
BlueRidge Management AG (the “Corporate Services Provider”) is the administrator of the Issuer. The 
Corporate Services Provider provides various administrative, accounting and related services to the 
Issuer. The appointment of the Corporate Services Provider may be terminated forthwith if the Corporate 
Services Provider commits any material breach of the corporate service agreement (the “Corporate 
Services Agreement”) between the Issuer and the Corporate Services Provider which is either 
incapable or remedy or has not been remedied within thirty (30) days of notice having been given to the 
Corporate Services Provider requiring it to remedy the same, is unable to pay its debts as they fall due, 
becomes subject to insolvency or other related proceedings or is unable to perform its duties under the

--- Page 77 ---
77 
53031877.5 
Corporate Services Agreement due to any change in law or regulatory practice. The Corporate Services 
Provider may retire upon thirty (30) days’ notice written notice subject to the appointment of a 
replacement which is acceptable to the Issuer. 
Shareholder Structure 
The sole shareholder of the Issuer is iMaps Capital Markets SEZC, a special economic zone company 
incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. Aeternitas Imperium Privatstiftung (incorporated in 
Liechtenstein) is the majority shareholder of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC holding 100% of its issued 
shares. Aeternitas Imperium Privatstiftung is beneficially owned and controlled by Andreas Wölfl and 
his children. 
Investments 
The Issuer did not make any investments other than the acquisition of assets to hedge its obligations 
arising pursuant to the issuance of ETI Securities since the date of the last published financial 
statements. The Issuer did not make any firm commitments on future investments.  
Audit Committee 
The Issuer has not established an audit committee. 
Corporate Governance Code 
The Issuer does not comply with the corporate governance code for public companies in Liechtenstein 
as the Issuer is not a public company. As Issuer of listed securities the Issuer will comply with and be 
subject to Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse (market abuse regulation). 
Financial Statements 
Audited financial statements for the periods ending 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 have 
been prepared and are included at Annex 1 of this Base Prospectus.  The audited annual financial 
statements will be available free of charge at the offices of the Issuer. 
There has been no significant change in the financial or trading position of the Issuer, and no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer in each case, since 31 December 
2020, being the date of the Issuer’s latest audited financial statements. 
The Issuer has appointed AAC Revision und Treuhand AG, FL-9495 Triesen as its auditor.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE iMAPS CAPITAL MARKETS GROUP 
 
The Issuer is part of the iMaps Capital Markets Group. The group of companies consists of the following 
group companies. 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC as the parent company is a securities & investment business company 
registered in Cayman Islands Special Economic Zone. iMaps Capital Markets holds a license by the 
Special Economic Zone Authority to carry out investment management and derivatives business with a 
focus on structuring derivative securities within the Special Economic Zone and is registered at but not 
regulated by the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as a securities & investment business company. 
The Issuer has been established for the sole purpose of issuing the ETI Securities and hedging its 
obligations pursuant to such securities and undertakes no other business activities.  
iMaps ETI AG is a 100% subsidiary of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC registered in Liechtenstein and 
established as a special purpose entity for the issuance of derivative securities in the form of ETI 
Securities. iMaps ETI AG issues derivative securities to the public in several countries of the European 
Economic Area under the Prospectus Regulation. 
iMaps Capital plc is a 100% subsidiary of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC registered in Cayman Islands 
and established as a special purpose entity for the issuance of derivative securities in the form of ETI 
Securities. iMaps Capital plc issues derivative securities eligible for professional investors as well as 
non-professional investors accepting a minimum subscription amount of EUR 100,000 only. 
iMaps Europe AG is a 100% subsidiary of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC registered in Liechtenstein. The 
company’s sole business focus is Business Development and Client Relationship Management for 
authorised asset managers being European clients of the group of companies. The Issuer is dependent 
on several services provided by other group companies, namely (i) iMaps Capital Markets SEZC as the 
Arranger of the Programme as well as Pecunia SPC as the issuer of the underlying securities.  
iMaps Asia Pte Ltd is a 100% subsidiary of iMaps Capital Markets SEZC registed in Singapore. The 
company’s sole business focus is Business Development and Client Relationship Management for 
authorised asset managers being Asian and Pacific clients of the group of companies. 
Pecunia SPC is a segregated portfolio company registered in Cayman Islands. The Management 
Shares are held by iMaps Capital Markets SEZC. Pecunia SPC is a special investment vehicle 
established as a segregated portfolio company issuing equity securities to group companies only as well 
as debt securities. Pecunia SPC therefore is exempt from any licensing requirements in Cayman 
Islands.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ARRANGER 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC was incorporated in the Cayman Islands as a limited liability company on 
26 July 2016, with registration number CY-313690. 
The registered office of the Arranger is at Conyers Trust Company (Cayman) Limited, Cricket Square, 
Hutchins Drive, P.O. Box 2681, George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-1111, Cayman Islands. The 
directors of the Arranger are Andreas Wölfl and Ian Morgan.   
The main business office is in 90 North Church Road, George Town, Grand Cayman, KY1-1003, 
Cayman Islands. 
iMaps Capital Markets SEZC holds a license by the Special Economic Zone Authority to carry out 
investment management and derivatives business with a focus on structuring derivative securities within 
the Special Economic Zone and is registered at but not regulated by the Cayman Islands Monetary 
Authority as a securities & investment business company. The main business focus of the company is 
to arrange and operate platforms for the issuance of derivative securities and to offer asset managers 
to use these platforms for the issuance of Exchange Traded Instruments in the form of derivative 
securities (actively managed certificates and fund-linked notes).

--- Page 80 ---
80 
53031877.5 
DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTE TRUSTEE 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, Noteholder Services PTC will act as note trustee (the “Note 
Trustee”).  
On or about the Issue Date of each Series or Tranche of ETI Securities, the Issuer will enter into a form 
of constituting instrument (the “Constituting Instrument”).  The entry into the Constituting Instrument 
will constitute the ETI Securities of the Series or Tranche by the creation of a Trust Deed (the “Trust 
Deed”).  
Noteholder Services PTC is a private trust company established in the Cayman Islands and having its 
registered 
address 
at: 
Intertrust 
SPV 
(Cayman) 
Limited, 
190 
Elgin 
Avenue, 
George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands. 
The Note Trustee is registered with the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as a Private Trust Services. 
The directors of the Note Trustee are Samit Ghosh and Ellen Janet Christian, both holding senior 
management positions at Intertrust Cayman. 
Resignation and termination 
The Note Trustee may retire by providing not less than 60 calendar days’ written notice to the Issuer.  
The ETI Securityholders shall have power exercisable by Extraordinary Resolution to remove the Note 
Trustee.  
The retirement or removal of any sole Note Trustee shall not become effective until the appointment of 
a successor has become effective.  
Information in relation to fees 
The relevant Trust Deed for each Series of ETI Securities provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Note 
Trustee such remuneration as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.  
This description of the Note Trustee does not purport to be a summary of, and is therefore subject to, 
and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Trust Deed.   
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not imply that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Note Trustee since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in this section is 
correct as of any time subsequent to its date.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
53031877.5 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME SECURITY TRUSTEE 
Collateral Services PTC will act as programme security trustee (the “Programme Security Trustee”) in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Security Trust Deed.  
Collateral Services PTC is a private trust company established in the Cayman Islands and having its 
registered 
address 
at: 
Intertrust 
SPV 
(Cayman) 
Limited, 
190 
Elgin 
Avenue, 
George Town, Grand Cayman KY1-9005, Cayman Islands 
The Programme Security Trustee is registered with the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority as a Private 
Trust Services. The directors of the Programme Security Trustee are Samit Ghosh and Ellen Janet 
Christian, both holding senior management positions at Intertrust Cayman. 
Resignation and termination 
The Programme Security Trustee may retire by providing not less than 60 calendar days’ written notice 
to the Issuer.   
The retirement or removal of any sole Programme Security Trustee shall not become effective until the 
appointment of a successor has become effective. The power of appointing a new Programme Security 
Trustee is vested in the Issuer and any such appointment must be approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the ETI Securityholders.   
Information in relation to fees 
The Programme Security Trust Deed provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Programme Security 
Trustee such remuneration as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.  
This description of the Programme Security Trustee does not purport to be a summary of, and is 
therefore subject to, and qualified in its entirety by reference to, the detailed provisions of the Programme 
Security Trust Deed.   
The delivery of this Base Prospectus does not imply that there has been no change in the affairs of the 
Programme Security Trustee since the date hereof, or that the information contained or referred to in 
this section is correct as of any time subsequent to its date.

--- Page 82 ---
82 
53031877.5 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE CALCULATION AGENT 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, iMaps Capital Markets SEZC will be appointed as the 
Calculation Agent in accordance with the terms of a Calculation Agency Agreement to be constituted by 
the entry into the Constituting Instrument by the Issuer.     
Calculation Agency Agreement 
Pursuant to the Calculation Agency Agreement the Calculation Agent will be appointed to provide certain 
calculation agency services to the Issuer, including calculating any Redemption Amounts payable on 
the ETI Securities. 
Resignation and termination 
The Calculation Agent may resign by providing not less than 60 days’ written notice to the Issuer.  The 
appointment of the Calculation Agent may be terminated by the Issuer by providing not less than 60 
days’ written notice to the Calculation Agent. 
The resignation or termination of the appointment of the Calculation Agent will not take effect until a new 
calculation agent has been appointed and such agent has accepted such appointment, such 
appointment being on terms previously approved in writing by the Note Trustee which accord with the 
terms of the Trust Deed.   
Information in relation to fees 
The Calculation Agency Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Calculation Agent such fees 
as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
53031877.5 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE ISSUING AND PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
Uncertificated ETI Securities 
In respect of each Series of Uncertificated ETI Securities, ISP Securities Ltd. will be appointed as the 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of a Paying Agent Agreement dated 8 
November 2018 between the Issuer and the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
ISP Securities Ltd. is part of the privately owned ISP Group established in 1993 offering investment 
management and institutional investment services. ISP Group serves private and corporate clients and 
represents leading financial institutions. ISP Group operates as a licensed securities dealer under the 
regulations of the Swiss Financial Market Supervisory Authority (FINMA) and the Israeli Securities 
Authority (ISA). 
Paying Agent Agreement 
Pursuant to the Paying Agent Agreement the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will provide certain 
services to the Issuer. The services of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will be performed in line 
with the current MarketGuide of SIX SIS Ltd., Switzerland and include the following: 
 
Creation of electronically transferable securities; 
 
Handling Corporate Actions from the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent side; and 
 
Handling of pay-outs for the holdings at SIX SIS Ltd.  
Resignation and termination 
The Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may resign by providing not less than 30 days’ written notice to 
the Issuer. The appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent may be terminated by the Issuer 
by providing not less than 30 days’ written notice to the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent. 
The resignation or termination of the appointment of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent will not take 
effect until a new issuing and paying agent has been appointed and such agent has accepted such 
appointment. 
Information in relation to fees 
The Paying Agent Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Issuing and Principal Paying 
Agent such fees as may be separately agreed between them from time to time.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
53031877.5 
Bearer ETI Securities 
In respect of each Series of Bearer ETI Securities, Baader Bank AG will be appointed as the Principal 
Paying Agent in accordance with the terms of a Paying Agent Agreement dated 30 December 2020 
between the Issuer and the Principal Paying Agent. 
Baader Bank AG has its headquarters in Unterschleissheim, Germany. It offers securities trading 
services and also traditional banking services. 
Paying Agent Agreement 
Pursuant to the Paying Agent Agreement the Principal Paying Agent will provide certain services to the 
Issuer, including: 
 
authenticating and depositing global certificates and documents with the relevant depositary 
(Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt); 
 
ensuring that payments on the Bearer ETI Securities are transferred to the securities holders 
via Clearstream Banking, Frankfurt; and 
 
assistance with communication of notices to investors.  
Resignation and termination 
The Principal Paying Agent may terminate the Paying Agent Agreement by providing not less than three 
months’ written notice to the Issuer. The appointment of the Principal Paying Agent may be terminated 
by the Issuer by providing not less than three months’ written notice to the Principal Paying Agent. 
The resignation or termination of the appointment of the Principal Paying Agent will not take effect until 
the appointment of a new issuing and paying agent has become effective. 
Information in relation to fees 
The Paying Agent Agreement provides that the Issuer shall pay to the Principal Paying Agent the fees 
set out in the Paying Agent Agreement.

--- Page 85 ---
85 
53031877.5 
INFORMATION RELATING TO THE AUTHORISED PARTICIPANT 
In respect of each Series of ETI Securities, iMaps Capital Markets SEZC will be appointed as the 
Authorised Participant in accordance with the terms of an Authorised Participant Agreement to be 
constituted by the entry into the Constituting Instrument by the Issuer.     
Authorised Participant Agreement  
Pursuant to the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Authorised Participant has been appointed to act 
as an authorised participant in respect of the ETI Securities issued under the Programme. The 
Authorised Participant will be responsible for distributing the ETI Securities of each Series to underlying 
investors.  
Resignation and termination 
The Authorised Participant may resign by providing to the Issuer (i) not less than six months’ written 
notice if the Authorised Participant is the only Authorised Participant in respect of the relevant Series of 
ETI Securities, or (ii) at least 30 calendar days’ prior written notice if there is more than one Authorised 
Participant in respect of the relevant Series of ETI Securities. 
Under the terms of the Authorised Participant Agreement, the Issuer may terminate the appointment of 
the Authorised Participant by giving not less than 30 calendar days’ written notice to the Authorised 
Participant.  
Information in relation to fees 
The Authorised Participant Agreement provides that the Authorised Participant shall pay to the Issuer 
such fees as may be agreed between the Issuer and the Authorised Participant from time to time.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
CERTAIN TAX CONSIDERATIONS 
The following is a general description of certain tax considerations in Liechtenstein, Luxembourg, 
Ireland, the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Germany, Austria and Italy relating to the ETI Securities. It 
does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the ETI Securities in those 
or other jurisdictions and should be read in conjunction with the section entitled “Risk Factors –Taxation”. 
Prospective purchasers of the ETI Securities should consult their tax advisers as to the consequences 
under the tax laws of the country or countries in which they are resident or of which they are citizens for 
tax purposes and the tax laws of Liechtenstein, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and Italy of acquiring, 
holding and disposing of ETI Securities and receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other 
amounts in respect of the ETI Securities. This summary is based upon the law as in effect on the date 
of this Base Prospectus and is subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date. 
Liechtenstein 
The following summary is for general information only and does not cover all tax consequences of an 
investment in ETI Securities under the tax laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein. This summary is 
based on the tax laws of the Principality of Liechtenstein currently in force and as applied on the date of 
this Base Prospectus which are subject to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have 
retroactive effect. Prospective investors are advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the 
Liechtenstein tax consequences of the of acquiring, holding and disposing of ETI Securities and 
receiving payments of interest, principal and/or other amounts in respect of the ETI Securities, in 
particular ETI Securities issued by iMaps ETI AG in the light of their particular circumstances. 
 
The following information relates to Liechtenstein taxation only and is applicable to investors that are 
Liechtenstein tax residents (excluding any non-Liechtenstein domiciled individuals to whom the 
remittance basis applies) who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities. 
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty (also applicable in Liechtenstein) 
Straight derivatives for Swiss tax purposes do not qualify as taxable securities in the meaning of the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act and are therefore not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty (“Umsatzabgabe”). 
Thus, secondary market transactions are not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty. The possible delivery 
at exercise or redemption of the underlying of the ETI Securities may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp 
duty up to a rate of 0.3% if the underlying is a taxable security in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax 
Act and if such delivery is made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other 
securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies. 
However, ETI Securities qualifying as taxable securities in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act 
(e.g. combined derivative instruments such as notes with predominant one-time interest payment) are 
subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty of 0.15% (for securities issued by a Swiss or Liechtenstein 
company) respectively 0.3% (for securities issued by a foreign company) if the secondary market 
transaction is made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss bank or other securities dealer as defined 
in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies. 
Liechtenstein Income Tax 
Liechtenstein resident individual private investors 
Payments made under straight derivatives most likely qualify as tax exempt capital gains for 
Liechtenstein resident individual investors who hold the securities as part of their private (as opposed

--- Page 87 ---
87 
53031877.5 
to business) assets and who do not qualify as self employed professional securities dealer for income 
tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). The same applies for capital gains realised upon 
disposal of securities which are not subject to the income tax. 
However, the market value of the ETI Securities qualifies in any event as standardized return on assets 
(target return) within the meaning of Art. 5 of taxable assets in accordance with Art. 6 para. 1 of the Tax 
Act (SteG) and is therefore part of the Liechtenstein income tax.  
Liechtenstein resident business investors 
Payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of securities by 
Liechtenstein resident individual investors holding the ETI Securities as part of their business assets as 
well as by Liechtenstein resident legal entities, are part of their business profit and subject to individual 
income tax or corporate income tax, respectively. The tax treatment follows the accounting statement. 
The same applies to Liechtenstein resident individual investors who qualify as self employed 
professional securities dealer for income tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). 
Non-Liechtenstein resident investors 
Under present Liechtenstein tax law, an investor who is a non-resident of Liechtenstein and who, during 
the taxable year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed 
place of business within Liechtenstein and who is not subject to taxation in Liechtenstein for any other 
reason, will not be subject to any Liechtenstein tax on payments under straight derivatives as well as 
capital gains realised upon disposal of straight derivatives. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Liechtenstein has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international 
automatic exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters. The agreement became effective as of 
1 January 2016 and applies to all 28 EU member states and also Gibraltar. On 1 December 2016 the 
multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information 
(the “MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries 
became effective. Based on such agreements and the implementing laws of Liechtenstein, Liechtenstein 
collects data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, and income 
derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Liechtenstein for the benefit 
of individuals resident in an EU member state or resident in a treaty state from 2017 or 2018, exchanges 
the data or will exchange it from 2017 or 2018, in each case depending on the effectiveness of the 
relevant agreement. Liechtenstein has signed and intends to sign further AEOI agreements with further 
countries, which, subject to ratification, will become effective at a later date. An up-to-date list of the 
AEOI agreements of Liechtenstein in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the 
website of the Tax Authority of Liechtenstein. 
In the event that ETI Securityholders hold the ETI Securities through a Liechtenstein financial institution 
they may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Liechtenstein rules re CRS. 
Liechtenstein Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Liechtenstein has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with 
Liechtenstein financial institutions are disclosed automatically to the U.S. tax authorities.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
53031877.5 
In the event that ETI Securityholders hold the ETI Securities through a Liechtenstein financial institution 
they may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Liechtenstein rules re FATCA. 
Luxembourg 
The following is a general description of certain Luxembourg tax considerations relating to the ETI 
Securities. It does not purport to be a complete analysis of all tax considerations relating to the ETI 
Securities, whether in Luxembourg or elsewhere neither to address the tax consequences applicable to 
all categories of investors, some of which may be subject to special rules. This overview is based upon 
the law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus. It is subject to any change of the law that may 
apply after such date. The information contained within this section is limited to withholding taxation 
issues, and prospective investors should not apply any information set out below to other areas.  
References in this section to the holders of the ETI Securities include the beneficial owner(s) of the ETI 
Securities. Prospective purchasers of the ETI Securities should consult their own tax advisers as to the 
consequences of making an investment in, holding or disposing of the ETI Securities and the receipt of 
any amount under the ETI Securities. 
 Luxembourg withholding tax on Non-Luxembourg tax resident holders 
Under the Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force, there is no withholding tax to be withheld by 
the debtor of ETI Securities on payments of principal, premium or arm’s length interest (including 
accrued but unpaid interest) to non-Luxembourg tax resident holders. Nor is any Luxembourg 
withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of ETI Securities held by non-Luxembourg tax 
resident holders to the extent said ETI Securities do not (i) give entitlement to a share of the profits 
generated by the issuing company and (ii) the issuing company is not thinly capitalised. Automatic 
Exchange of Information Under the law of 18 December 2015 (the “Law”) implementing (i) Council 
Directive 2014/107/EU amending and extending the scope of Directive 2011/16/EU of 15 February 2011 
on administrative cooperation in the field of taxation (the “DAC2”) and (ii) the OECD Common Reporting 
Standard (the “CRS”), Luxembourg reporting financial institutions, as defined in the Law, are required 
to provide to the fiscal authorities of other EU Member States and jurisdictions participating with the 
CRS, details of payments of interest, dividends and similar type of income, gross proceeds from the sale 
of financial assets and other income, and account balances held on reportable accounts, as defined in 
the DAC2 and the CRS, of account holders residents of, or established in, an EU Member State and 
certain dependent and associated territories of EU Member States or in a jurisdiction which has 
introduced the CRS in its domestic law. Potential holders of ETI Securities should consult their own tax 
advisor with respect to the application of the DAC2 and the CRS in light of their own individual 
circumstances. 
Luxembourg tax resident holders 
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (hereinafter “Law”), there is no withholding tax to be withheld by the debtor of ETI Securities 
on payments of principal, premium or arm’s length interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) to 
Luxembourg tax resident holders. Nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or 
repurchase of ETI Securities held by Luxembourg tax resident holders to the extent said ETI Securities 
do not (i) give entitlement to a share of the profits generated by the issuing company and (ii) the issuing 
company is not thinly capitalised. Under the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or 
ascribed by a paying agent established in Luxembourg to or for the immediate benefit of an individual 
beneficial owner who is tax resident of Luxembourg will be subject to a withholding tax of 20 per cent. 
In case the individual beneficial owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her

--- Page 89 ---
89 
53031877.5 
private wealth, said withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax. Responsibility for the 
withholding tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg Paying Agent. Payments of interest under ETI 
Securities coming within the scope of the Law would be subject to withholding tax at a rate of 20 per 
cent. 
Registration tax 
Neither the issuance nor the transfer of ETI Securities will give rise to any Luxembourg stamp duty, 
issuance tax, registration tax, transfer tax or similar taxes or duties. Notwithstanding, documents relating 
to the ETI Securities may require registration in case they are either (a) attached as an annex to an act 
(annexe a un acte) that itself is subject to mandatory registration, or (b) deposited in the minutes of a 
notary (depose au rang des minutes d’un notaire).  In these cases, as well as in case of voluntary 
registration, either nominal or ad valorem registration duties may apply depending on the nature of such 
documents. 
Ireland 
The following is an overview of Irish withholding tax issues relating to the ETI Securities. The overview 
is based upon Irish tax laws and the practice of the Irish Revenue Commissioners as in effect on the 
date of this Base Prospectus, which are subject to prospective or retroactive change. Prospective 
investors in the ETI Securities should consult their own advisors as to the Irish consequences of the 
purchase, beneficial ownership and disposition of the ETI Securities. 
Interest withholding tax 
Irish interest withholding tax should not apply to interest payments which have their source outside 
Ireland. On the basis that the Issuer is not resident in Ireland does not have any presence in Ireland, 
that no interest payments will be made from Ireland and that no Irish situate assets will be secured, 
payments on the ETI Securities should not have an Irish source and, thus, no Irish interest withholding 
tax should arise. 
Irish encashment tax 
Irish encashment tax may be required to be withheld at the standard rate (currently 20%) from any 
interest paid in respect of the ETI Securities where such interest is paid or collected by a person in 
Ireland on behalf of any holder of ETI Securities. Holders of the ETI Securities should therefore note 
that the appointment of an Irish collection agent or an Irish paying agent could result in the deduction of 
20% encashment tax by such agent from interest payments on the ETI Securities. A holder of ETI 
Securities that is not resident in Ireland for tax purposes may claim an exemption from this withholding 
tax by submitting an appropriate declaration of non-Irish tax residency to the Irish agent. 
United Kingdom 
The following is a summary of certain aspects of United Kingdom taxation as at the date hereof including 
an overview of UK withholding tax issues relating to the ETI Securities.  It is based on current law and 
the practice of Her Majesty's Revenue and Customs ("HMRC"), which may be subject to change, 
sometimes with retrospective effect. The comments relate only to the position of persons who are 
absolute beneficial owners of the ETI Securities. Some aspects do not apply to certain classes of person 
(such as dealers and persons connected with the Issuer) to whom special rules may apply. The United 
Kingdom tax treatment of prospective holders of ETI Securities depends on their individual 
circumstances and may be subject to change in the future. Holders of ETI Securities should be aware 
that the particular terms of issue of any Series of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms may

--- Page 90 ---
90 
53031877.5 
affect the tax treatment of that and other Series of Notes. The following is a general guide for information 
purposes and should be treated with appropriate caution. It is not intended as tax advice and it does not 
purport to describe all of the tax considerations that may be relevant to a purchaser. Holders of ETI 
Securities who are in any doubt as to their tax position should consult their professional advisers. 
(A) Qualification of the ETI Securities "Excluded Indexed Securities" 
In relation to Holders of ETI Securities who are individuals resident in the United Kingdom, the tax 
treatment of payments received on redemption will depend on the the particular terms of issue of any 
Series of Notes as specified in the relevant Final Terms, in particular whether or not the ETI Securities 
qualify as "excluded indexed securities" within the meaning of section 433 of the Income Tax (Trading 
and Other Income) Act 2005. 
An ETI Security may qualify as an "excluded indexed security" if the amount payable on redemption is 
determined by applying to the amount for which the security was issued the percentage change (if any) 
over the security’s redemption period in the value of chargeable assets of a particular description.  
Holders of ETI Securities who are individuals resident in the United Kingdom should note that profits or 
gains made on a disposal or redemption of "excluded indexed securities" held for investment purposes 
are normally subject to capital gains tax. Profits and gains made on a disposal or redemption of ETI 
Securities that do not qualify as "excluded indexed securities" would normally be subject to income tax.  
The Issuer cannot advise investors on the proper classification of the ETI Securities or any Series of 
ETI Securities. Prior to purchasing the ETI Securities, investors should discuss with their professional 
advisers how such purchase would or could affect them. Holders of ETI Securities with any questions 
regarding whether any ETI Securities qualify as "excluded indexed securities" or otherwise regarding 
the impact of an investment in the ETI Securities on their tax position should consult their tax advisers. 
(B) United Kingdom Withholding Tax - Interest 
United Kingdom withholding tax on interest should not apply to interest payments which are not 
payments of “yearly interest” or have their source of payment outside the United Kingdom. On the basis 
that the Issuer is not resident in the United Kingdom, does not have any presence in the United Kingdom, 
that no interest payments will be made from the United Kingdom and that no United Kingdom situate 
assets will be secured, interest payments on the ETI Securities should not have an United Kingdom 
source and, thus, no United Kingdom withholding tax on interest should arise. 
The references to "interest" above mean "interest" as understood in United Kingdom tax law. The 
statements above do not take any account of any different definitions of "interest" or "principal" which 
may prevail under any other law or which may be created by the terms and conditions of the ETI 
Securities or any related documentation. Holders of ETI Securities should seek their own professional 
advice as regards the withholding tax treatment of any payment on the ETI Securities which does not 
constitute "interest" or "principal" as those terms are understood in United Kingdom tax law. 
(C) United Kingdom - Stamp Duty 
It is not expected that any UK stamp duty or stamp duty reserve tax will apply to the acquisition, holding 
or disposal of the ETI Securities on the basis that the ETI Securities do not relate to property situate, or 
any matter or thing done or to be done, in the UK.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
53031877.5 
Switzerland 
The following summary is for general information only and does not cover all tax consequences of an 
investment in ETI Securities under the tax laws of Switzerland. This summary is based on the tax laws 
of Switzerland currently in force and as applied on the date of this Base Prospectus which are subject 
to changes (or changes in interpretation) which may have retroactive effect. Prospective investors are 
advised to consult their own tax advisers as to the Swiss tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
lapse, exercise or disposal of the specific ETI Securities in particular ETI Securities issued by iMaps ETI 
AG in the light of their particular circumstances. 
Swiss Transfer Stamp Duty 
Straight derivatives for Swiss tax purposes do not qualify as taxable securities in the meaning of the 
Swiss Stamp Tax Act and are therefore not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty (“Umsatzabgabe”). 
Thus, secondary market transactions are not subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty. The possible delivery 
at exercise or redemption of the underlying of the ETI Securities may be subject to Swiss transfer stamp 
duty up to a rate of 0.3% if the underlying is a taxable security in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax 
Act and if such delivery is made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other 
securities dealer as defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies. 
However, ETI Securities qualifying as taxable securities in the meaning of the Swiss Stamp Tax Act 
(e.g. combined derivative instruments such as notes with predominant one-time interest payment) are 
subject to Swiss transfer stamp duty of 0.15 (for securities issued by a Swiss or Liechtenstein company) 
respectively 0.3% (for securities issued by a foreign company)if the secondary market transaction is 
made by or through the intermediary of a Swiss or Liechtenstein bank or other securities dealer as 
defined in the Swiss Stamp Tax Act and no exemption applies. 
Swiss Income Tax 
Swiss resident individual private investors 
Payments made under straight derivatives most likely qualify as tax exempt capital gains for Swiss 
resident individual investors who hold the securities as part of their private (as opposed to business) 
assets and who do not qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for income tax purposes 
(gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler). The same applies for capital gains realised upon disposal of 
securities which are not subject to the federal direct tax as well as the cantonal and communal income 
tax. 
However, payments qualifying as interest payments of combined derivative instruments such as notes 
with predominant one-time interest payment for Swiss tax purposes are most likely subject to Swiss 
income tax. 
Swiss resident business investors 
Payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of securities by 
Swiss resident individual investors holding the ETI Securities as part of their business assets as well as 
by Swiss resident legal entities, are part of their business profit and subject to individual income tax or 
corporate income tax, respectively. The tax treatment follows the accounting statement. The same 
applies to Swiss resident individual investors who qualify as so-called professional securities dealer for 
income tax purposes (gewerbsmässiger Wertschriftenhändler).

--- Page 92 ---
92 
53031877.5 
Non-Swiss resident investors 
Under present Swiss tax law, an investor who is a non-resident of Switzerland and who, during the 
taxable year has not engaged in trade or business through a permanent establishment or a fixed place 
of business within Switzerland and who is not subject to taxation in Switzerland for any other reason, 
will not be subject to any Swiss federal direct tax as well as cantonal and communal income tax on 
payments under straight derivatives as well as capital gains realised upon disposal of straight 
derivatives. 
Swiss Withholding Tax 
All payments in respect of the securities issued by a non-Swiss issuer are currently not subject to Swiss 
withholding tax (“Verrechnungssteuer”), provided that the Issuer of the securities is at all times 
domiciled and effectively managed outside of Switzerland. 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
International Automatic Exchange of Information in Tax Matters 
Switzerland has concluded a multilateral agreement with the European Union on the international 
automatic exchange of information (the “AEOI”) in tax matters. The agreement became effective as of 
1 January 2017 and applies to all 27 EU member states and also Gibraltar. Also on 1 January 2017 the 
multilateral competent authority agreement on the automatic exchange of financial account information 
(the “MCAA”), and based on the MCAA, a number of bilateral AEOI agreements with other countries 
became effective. Based on such agreements and the implementing laws of Switzerland, Switzerland 
collects and exchages data in respect of financial assets, including, as the case may be, Notes, held in, 
and income derived thereon and credited to, accounts or deposits with a paying agent in Switzerland 
for the benefit of individuals resident in an EU member state or resident in a treaty state. Switzerland 
has signed and intends to sign further AEOI agreements with further countries, which, subject to 
ratification, will become effective at a later date. An up-to-date list of the AEOI agreements of Switzerland 
in effect or signed and becoming effective can be found on the website of the State Secretariat for 
International Financial Matters. 
In the event that ETI Securityholders hold the ETI Securities through a Swiss financial institution they 
may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Swiss rules re CRS. 
Swiss Facilitation of the Implementation of the U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Switzerland has concluded an intergovernmental agreement with the U.S. to facilitate the 
implementation of FATCA. The agreement ensures that the accounts held by U.S. persons with Swiss 
financial institutions are disclosed to the U.S. tax authorities either with the consent of the account holder 
or by means of group requests within the scope of administrative assistance. Information will not be 
transferred automatically in the absence of consent, and instead will be exchanged only within the scope 
of administrative assistance on the basis of the double taxation agreement between the U.S. and 
Switzerland. On 8 October 2014, the Swiss Federal Council approved a mandate for negotiations with 
the U.S. on changing the current direct-notification-based regime to a regime where the relevant 
information is sent to the Swiss Federal Tax Administration, which in turn provides the information to the 
U.S. tax authorities. On 20 September 2019, the protocol of amendment of the double taxation treaty 
between Switzerland and the U.S. entered into force allowing U.S. authority in accordance with the 
information reported in aggregated form to request all the information on US-accounts without a 
declaration of consent on non-consenting non-participating financial institutions.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
53031877.5 
In the event that ETI Securityholders hold the ETI Securities through a Swiss financial institution they 
may be required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its 
obligations under the Swiss rules re FATCA. 
Germany 
The following information relates to German taxation only and is applicable to investors that are tax 
residents in Germany who are the beneficial holders of the ETI Securities.  It is only intended to give an 
overview of possible German tax consequences which cannot replace a detailed examination of the tax 
consequences in each individual case performed by the investor. 
General 
For German tax purposes the ETI Securities should be treated as a debt instrument rather than an equity 
instrument or derivative. To the extent that a Redemption Amount comprises repayment of the Principal 
Amount, this should be treated as a repayment of debt which is neutral for direct tax purposes.  
To the extent that the Redemption Amount exceeds the Principal Amount, such is expected to be a 
“capital gain”.  
Capital gains  
Any capital gain from the Redemption Amount or the sale of the ETI Securities is expected to be subject 
to German income, corporate income tax and trade tax in the hands of the recipient investor under 
general rules.  
Withholding Tax  
Capital gains will be subject to German withholding tax of 26.375%. For corporate investors and 
business investors exemptions from withholding tax may apply but the relevant income is still subject to 
income tax assessment according to general German rules.  
Loss deduction  
Losses should in principle be deductible when ETI securities are redeemed or sold. However, certain 
exemption from that rule and offsetting restrictions may apply.  
Stamp Duty or transfer taxes  
The acquisition, holding or disposal of the ETI Securities is not subject to German stamp duty or transfer 
tax. 
Austria 
This section on taxation contains a brief summary of the Issuer’s understanding with regard to certain 
important principles which are of significance in connection with the purchase, holding or sale of the ETI 
Securities in Austria. This summary does not purport to exhaustively describe all possible tax aspects 
and does not deal with specific situations which may be of relevance for certain potential investors. The 
following comments are rather of a general nature and included herein solely for information purposes. 
They are not intended to be, nor should they be construed to be, legal or tax advice. This summary is 
based on the currently applicable tax legislation, case law and regulations of the tax authorities, as well 
as their respective interpretation, all of which may be amended from time to time. Such amendments 
may possibly also be effected with retroactive effect and may negatively impact on the tax consequences

--- Page 94 ---
94 
53031877.5 
described. It is recommended that potential investors in the ETI Securities consult with their legal and 
tax advisors as to the tax consequences of the purchase, holding or sale of the ETI Securities. Tax risks 
resulting from the ETI Securities (in particular from a potential qualification as a foreign investment fund 
within the meaning of sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011 (Investmentfondsgesetz 
2011)) shall in any case be borne by the investor. For the purposes of the following it is assumed that 
the ETI Securities are legally and factually offered to an indefinite number of persons. 
General remarks 
Individuals having a domicile (Wohnsitz) and / or their habitual abode (gewöhnlicher Aufenthalt), both 
as defined in sec. 26 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act (Bundesabgabenordnung), in Austria 
are subject to income tax (Einkommensteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited income 
tax liability; unbeschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht).  Individuals having neither a domicile nor their 
habitual abode in Austria are subject to income tax only on income from certain Austrian sources (limited 
income tax liability; beschränkte Einkommensteuerpflicht). 
Corporations having their place of management (Ort der Geschäftsleitung) and / or their legal seat (Sitz), 
both as defined in sec. 27 of the Austrian Federal Fiscal Procedures Act, in Austria are subject to 
corporate income tax (Körperschaftsteuer) in Austria on their worldwide income (unlimited corporate 
income tax liability; unbeschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). Corporations having neither their place of 
management nor their legal seat in Austria are subject to corporate income tax only on income from 
certain Austrian sources (limited corporate income tax liability; beschränkte Körperschaftsteuerpflicht). 
Both in cases of unlimited and limited (corporate) income tax liability Austria’s right to tax may be 
restricted by double taxation treaties. 
Income taxation 
Pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (Einkommensteuergesetz), the term investment 
income (Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen) comprises: 
 
income from the letting of capital (Einkünfte aus der Überlassung von Kapital) pursuant to sec. 27(2) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including dividends and interest; the tax basis is the amount of the 
earnings received (sec. 27a(3)(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); 
 
income from realised increases in value (Einkünfte aus realisierten Wertsteigerungen) pursuant to 
sec. 27(3) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, including gains from the alienation, redemption and other 
realisation of assets that lead to income from the letting of capital (including zero coupon bonds); 
the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the acquisition costs, 
in each case including accrued interest (sec. 27a(3)(2)(a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); and 
 
income from derivatives (Einkünfte aus Derivaten) pursuant to sec. 27(4) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, including cash settlements, option premiums received and income from the sale or other 
realisation of forward contracts like options, futures and swaps and other derivatives such as index 
certificates (the mere exercise of an option does not trigger tax liability); e.g., in the case of index 
certificates, the tax basis amounts to the sales proceeds or the redemption amount minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(3)(c) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Also the withdrawal of the ETI Securities from a securities account (Depotentnahme) and circumstances 
leading to a restriction of Austria’s taxation right regarding the ETI Securities vis-à-vis other countries, 
e.g. a relocation from Austria (Wegzug), are in general deemed to constitute a sale (cf. sec. 27(6)(1)

--- Page 95 ---
95 
53031877.5 
and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The tax basis amounts to the fair market value minus the 
acquisition costs (sec. 27a(3)(2)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETI Securities as non-business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act.  Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus (inländische 
Einkünfte aus Kapitalvermögen), basically meaning income paid by an Austrian paying agent 
(auszahlende Stelle) or an Austrian custodian agent (depotführende Stelle), is subject to withholding tax 
(Kapitalertragsteuer) at a flat rate of 27.5%; no additional income tax is levied over and above the 
amount of tax withheld (final taxation pursuant to sec. 97(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  Investment 
income from the ETI Securities without an Austrian nexus must be included in the investor’s income tax 
return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%.  In both cases upon application the option 
exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act).  The acquisition costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs 
(Anschaffungsnebenkosten; sec. 27a(4)(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act).  Expenses such as bank 
charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act); this also 
applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised.  Sec. 27(8) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, inter 
alia, provides for the following restrictions on the offsetting of losses: negative income from realised 
increases in value and from derivatives may be neither offset against interest from bank accounts and 
other non-securitized claims vis-à-vis credit institutions (except for cash settlements and lending fees) 
nor against income from private foundations, foreign private law foundations and other comparable legal 
estates (Privatstiftungen, ausländische Stiftungen oder sonstige Vermögensmassen, die mit einer 
Privatstiftung vergleichbar sind); income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of 
the Austrian Income Tax Act may not be offset against income subject to the progressive income tax 
rate (this equally applies in case of an exercise of the option to regular taxation); negative investment 
income not already offset against positive investment income may not be offset against other types of 
income. The Austrian custodian agent has to effect the offsetting of losses by taking into account all of 
a taxpayer’s securities accounts with the custodian agent, in line with sec. 93(6) of the Austrian Income 
Tax Act, and to issue a written confirmation to the taxpayer to this effect. 
Individuals subject to unlimited income tax liability in Austria holding the ETI Securities as business 
assets are subject to income tax on all resulting investment income pursuant to sec. 27(1) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act.  Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus is subject to 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%.  While withholding tax has the effect of final taxation for income 
from the letting of capital, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives must be 
included in the investor’s income tax return (nevertheless income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%). 
Investment income from the ETI Securities without an Austrian nexus must always be included in the 
investor’s income tax return and is subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%. In both cases upon 
application the option exists to tax all income subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act at the lower progressive income tax rate (option to regular taxation 
pursuant to sec. 27a(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). The flat tax rate does not apply to income from 
realised increases in value and income from derivatives if realizing these types of income constitutes a 
key area of the respective investor’s business activity (sec. 27a(6) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees must not be deducted (sec. 20(2) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act); this also applies if the option to regular taxation is exercised. Pursuant to sec. 6(2)(c) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act, depreciations to the lower fair market value and losses from the 
alienation, redemption and other realisation of financial assets and derivatives in the sense of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act, which are subject to income tax at the flat rate of 27.5%, are 
primarily to be offset against income from realised increases in value of such financial assets and 
derivatives and with appreciations in value of such assets within the same business unit

--- Page 96 ---
96 
53031877.5 
(Wirtschaftsgüter desselben Betriebes); only 55% of the remaining negative difference may be offset 
against other types of income. 
Pursuant to sec. 7(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act (Körperschaftsteuergesetz), 
corporations subject to unlimited corporate income tax liability in Austria are subject to corporate income 
tax on income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI Securities at a 
rate of currently 25%. Income in the sense of sec. 27(1) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI 
Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%. However, 
pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act the withholding agent may apply a 25% rate if 
the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such withholding tax can be credited against the 
corporate income tax liability. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(5) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act withholding tax is not levied in the first place. Losses from the alienation of the ETI Securities can 
be offset against other income. 
Pursuant to sec. 13(3)(1) in connection with sec. 22(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act, private 
foundations (Privatstiftungen) pursuant to the Austrian Private Foundations Act (Privatstiftungsgesetz) 
fulfilling the prerequisites contained in sec. 13(3) and (6) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act and 
holding the ETI Securities as non-business assets are subject to interim taxation at a rate of currently 
25% on interest income, income from realised increases in value and income from derivatives (inter alia, 
if the latter are in the form of securities). Pursuant to the Austrian tax authorities’ view, the acquisition 
costs must not include ancillary acquisition costs. Expenses such as bank charges and custody fees 
must not be deducted (sec. 12(2) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). Interim tax is generally not 
triggered insofar as distributions subject to withholding tax are made to beneficiaries in the same tax 
period. Investment income from the ETI Securities with an Austrian nexus is generally subject to 
withholding tax at a flat rate of 27.5%. However, pursuant to sec. 93(1a) of the Austrian Income Tax Act 
the withholding agent may apply a 25% rate if the debtor of the withholding tax is a corporation. Such 
withholding tax can be credited against the tax triggered. Under the conditions set forth in sec. 94(12) 
of the Austrian Income Tax Act withholding tax is not levied. 
Individuals and corporations subject to limited (corporate) income tax liability in Austria are taxable on 
income from the ETI Securities if they have a permanent establishment (Betriebsstätte) in Austria and 
the ETI Securities are attributable to such permanent establishment (cf. sec. 98(1)(3) of the Austrian 
Income Tax Act, sec. 21(1)(1) of the Austrian Corporate Income Tax Act). In addition, individuals subject 
to limited income tax liability in Austria are also taxable on interest in the sense of sec. 27(2)(2) of the 
Austrian Income Tax Act and accrued interest (including from zero coupon bonds) in the sense of sec. 
27(6)(5) of the Austrian Income Tax Act from the ETI Securities if the (accrued) interest has an Austrian 
nexus and if withholding tax is levied on such (accrued) interest. This does not apply to an individual 
being resident in a state with which automatic exchange of information exists, if the individual provides 
a certificate of residence to the withholding agent. Interest with an Austrian nexus is interest the debtor 
of which has its place of management and/or its legal seat in Austria or is an Austrian branch of a non-
Austrian credit institution; accrued interest with an Austrian nexus is accrued interest from securities 
issued by an Austrian issuer (sec. 98(1)(5)(b) of the Austrian Income Tax Act). 
Pursuant to sec. 188 of the Austrian Investment Funds Act 2011, the term “foreign investment fund” 
comprises (i) undertakings for collective investment in transferable securities the member state of origin 
of which is not Austria; (ii) alternative investment funds pursuant to the Austrian Act on Alternative 
Investment Fund Managers (Alternative Investmentfonds Manager-Gesetz) the state of origin of which 
is not Austria; and (iii) secondarily, undertakings subject to a foreign jurisdiction, irrespective of the legal 
form they are organized in, the assets of which are invested according to the principle of risk-spreading 
on the basis either of a statute, of the undertaking’s articles or of customary exercise, if one of the 
following conditions is fulfilled: (a) the undertaking is factually, directly or indirectly, not subject to a

--- Page 97 ---
97 
53031877.5 
corporate income tax in its state of residence that is comparable to Austrian corporate income tax; (b) 
the profits of the undertaking are in its state of residence subject to corporate income tax that is 
comparable to Austrian corporate income tax, at a rate of less than 15%; or (c) the undertaking is subject 
to a comprehensive personal or material tax exemption in its state of residence. Certain collective 
investment vehicles investing in real estate are exempted. In case of a qualification as a foreign 
investment fund, the tax consequences would substantially differ from those described above: A special 
type of transparency principle would be applied, pursuant to which generally both distributed income as 
well as deemed income would be subject to Austrian (corporate) income tax.  
Inheritance and gift taxation 
Austria does not levy inheritance or gift tax.  
Certain gratuitous transfers of assets to private law foundations and comparable legal estates 
(privatrechtliche Stiftungen und damit vergleichbare Vermögensmassen) are subject to foundation 
transfer tax (Stiftungseingangssteuer) pursuant to the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act 
(Stiftungseingangssteuergesetz) if the transferor and/or the transferee at the time of transfer have a 
domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of management in Austria. Certain 
exemptions apply in cases of transfers mortis causa of financial assets within the meaning of sec. 27(3) 
and (4) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (except for participations in corporations) if income from such 
financial assets is subject to income tax at a flat rate pursuant to sec. 27a(1) of the Austrian Income Tax 
Act. The tax basis is the fair market value of the assets transferred minus any debts, calculated at the 
time of transfer. The tax rate generally is 2.5%, with higher rates applying in special cases. 
In addition, there is a special notification obligation for gifts of money, receivables, shares in 
corporations, participations in partnerships, businesses, movable tangible assets and intangibles if the 
donor and/or the donee have a domicile, their habitual abode, their legal seat and/or their place of 
management in Austria. Not all gifts are covered by the notification obligation: In case of gifts to certain 
related parties, a threshold of EUR 50,000 per year applies; in all other cases, a notification is obligatory 
if the value of gifts made exceeds an amount of EUR 15,000 during a period of five years. Furthermore, 
gratuitous transfers to foundations falling under the Austrian Foundation Transfer Tax Act described 
above are also exempt from the notification obligation. Intentional violation of the notification obligation 
may trigger fines of up to 10% of the fair market value of the assets transferred. 
Further, gratuitous transfers of the ETI Securities may trigger income tax at the level of the transferor 
pursuant to sec. 27(6)(1) and (2) of the Austrian Income Tax Act (see above). 
Italy 
This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor may it be deemed a tax resident in Italy 
according to Article 73(3) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 and does not have (and 
will not have at any time) a permanent establishment in Italy as defined under Article 162 of Presidential 
Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986This summary assumes that the Issuer is not a tax resident nor 
may it be deemed a tax resident in Italy according to Article 73(3) of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 
December 1986 and does not have (and will not have at any time) a permanent establishment in Italy 
as defined under Article 162 of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986. 
Tax on income and capital gains 
ETI Securities qualify as derivative instruments for the purposes of Italian tax law, pursuant to Article 67 
of Presidential Decree No. 917 of 22 December 1986 and Legislative Decree No. 461 of 21 November 
1997, as subsequently amended.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
53031877.5 
Where the Italian resident ETI Securityholder is: (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial 
activity to which the ETI Securities are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership, (iii) a non-
commercial private or public institution or (iv) an investor who is exempt from Italian corporate income 
taxation, capital gains realised on the sale or redemption of the ETI Securities are subject to a 26 per 
cent. substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva). Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward 
against capital gains of the same kind realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. 
In this respect, ETI Securityholders who are Italian-resident individuals may opt among three different 
taxation regimes: regime della dichiarazione, regime del risparmio amministrato, regime del risparmio 
gestito. Each option has a different impact on the prospective investor who should consider it with her 
tax advisers. In particular, as long as certain conditions are met, the depository is responsible for 
accounting for the imposta sostitutiva and is required to pay the relevant amount to the Italian tax 
authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the ETI Securityholder or using funds provided by the ETI Securityholder for this purpose. 
Under certain conditions, capital losses may be deducted from the above-mentioned capital gains. 
Where an Italian resident ETI Securityholder is instead a company or similar commercial entity, an Italian 
individual engaged in entrepreneurial activities to which the ETI Securities are effectively connected or 
the Italian permanent establishment of a foreign commercial entity to which the ETI Securities are 
effectively connected, capital gains arising from the ETI Securities will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant ETI Securityholder’s income tax return and are therefore 
subject to Italian corporate income tax (IRES, currently applicable at a rate of 24 per cent.) or to 
individual income tax (at the applicable progressive tax rates) according to the ordinary rules and, in 
certain cases, depending on the status of such holder, may also have to be included in its taxable base 
for regional tax on productive activities (IRAP), currently applicable at a rate of 3.9 per cent. The IRAP 
rate may be increased in certain Italian Regions.  
The increase or decrease in the fair market value of the ETI Securities, as well as the gains or losses 
realised upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the ETI Securities by Italian resident collective 
investment funds and hedge funds, with the exception of Italian real estate investment funds, are not 
subject to taxation at the level of the fund. 
The increase or decrease in the fair market value of the ETI Securities, as well as the gains or losses 
realised upon the sale for consideration or redemption of the ETI Securities by Italian resident pension 
funds (subject to the regime provided for by article 17 of Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 
2005) are included in the determination of the accrued appreciation or depreciation in net asset value 
of the managed assets for the year that is subject to a substitute tax (imposta sostitutiva), currently at a 
rate of 20 per cent. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident ETI Securityholders without a permanent establishment in 
Italy are not subject to Italian taxation if (i) the ETI Securities are held outside of Italy, or (ii) the capital 
gains derive from transactions executed in the regulated markets or (iii) the ETI Securities have been 
deposited in Italy, but are not traded on a regulated market, and the beneficial owner of proceeds from 
the relevant ETI Securities complies with certain filing requirements and is a resident of a country which 
is included in the list of jurisdictions allowing exchange of information with the Italian tax authorities, as 
identified currently in Ministerial Decree of September 4, 1996 as subsequently amended and 
supplemented and, in the future, in any decree to be issued under Article 11(4)(c) of Decree No. 239; 
any such decree. 
The tax treatment of the ETI Securities described above has been confirmed by the Italian tax authority’s 
resolution No. 72/E of 12 July 2010 dealing with the Italian tax treatment of investment in secured

--- Page 99 ---
99 
53031877.5 
exchange commodities. Nevertheless, should the Italian tax authority and/or tax courts take the view 
that, regardless of the said position taken under the resolution No. 72/E, the ETI Securities are not to 
be characterised as derivative instruments, but rather as debt instruments representing so-called 
“atypical securities” pursuant to Article 8 of Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983 (as subsequently 
amended), a different tax treatment would apply: returns treated for tax purposes as interest and other 
proceeds deriving from “atypical securities” issued by non-Italian resident issuers are subject to a 26 
per cent. withholding tax applied by the Italian-resident intermediary intervening in the payment, save 
where the securities are held by a commercial partnership, a commercial private or public institution 
resident in Italy for tax purposes or an Italian permanent establishment of a non-Italian resident entity. 
As for them, these entities must include the proceeds in their taxable business income under the same 
basis as described above.  
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, which converted, with amendments, Law Decree No. 262 of 3 
October 2006, introduced inheritance and gift tax to be paid on the transfer of assets (such as the ETI 
Securities) and rights by reason of death or gift. No inheritance or gift tax will arise under the laws of 
Italy if, in the case of inheritance tax, the decedent or, in the case of gift tax, the donor, is not resident 
in Italy and the ETI Securities are not held in Italy. 
As regards the inheritance and gift tax to be paid on the transfer of the ETI Securities by reason of death 
or gift, the following rates apply: 
1. transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct relatives are subject to an 
inheritance and gift tax of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 1 
million for each beneficiary; 
2. transfers in favour of brothers and sisters are subject to an inheritance and gift tax of 6 per cent. 
on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 100,000 for each beneficiary; 
3. transfers in favour of relatives up to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree, are 
subject to an inheritance and gift tax of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the 
gift; 
4. any other transfer is subject to an inheritance and gift tax of 8 per cent. on the entire value of the 
inheritance or the gift; 
5. transfers in favour of seriously disabled persons are subject to an inheritance and gift tax at the 
relevant rate described above on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding EUR 1.5 
million for each beneficiary. 
Transfers for a value equal or below the applicable thresholds as indicated above are not subject to any 
inheritance or gift tax in Italy. 
Securities Transfer Tax 
According to Article 37 of Law Decree No. 248 of 31 December 2007, as converted with amendments 
into Law No. 31 of 28 February 2008, the transfer of the ETI Securities is not subject to Italian transfer 
tax. 
Contracts related to the transfer of ETI Securities are subject to the following registration tax: (i) public 
deeds and notarized deeds are subject to a fixed registration tax at a rate of EUR 200.00; (ii) private

--- Page 100 ---
100 
53031877.5 
deeds are subject to registration tax at a rate of EUR 200.00 only if they are voluntary registered or if 
the so called “caso d’uso” or “enunciazione” occurs. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (“Decree 201”), a proportional stamp 
duty applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries 
to their clients for the ETI Securities deposited therewith. The stamp duty applies at the current rate of 
0.2 per cent. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value or, if no market value figure 
is available, the nominal value or redemption amount of the ETI Securities held. The stamp duty can be 
no lower than EUR 34.20. If the client is not an individual, the stamp duty cannot be higher than EUR 
14,000. 
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18) of Decree 201, Italian-resident individuals holding the ETI Securities outside 
the Italian territory are required to pay an additional tax at the current rate 0.2 per cent. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the ETI Securities at the end of the relevant year or, if no 
market value figure is available, the nominal value or the redemption value of the ETI Securities held 
outside the Italian territory. Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of 
wealth taxes paid in the state where the ETI Securities are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian 
wealth tax due). 
Financial Transaction Tax 
Law No. 228 of 24 December 2012 (the “Stability Law”) introduced a fixed levy Italian Financial 
Transaction Tax (“FTT”) that applies to all transactions involving equity derivatives which have Italian 
shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related instruments as their underlying assets. An 
equity derivative is subject to the FTT if the underlying or reference value consists as to more than 50 
per cent., of the market value of Italian shares, Italian equity-like instruments or Italian equity-related 
instruments. The FTT applies even if the transfer takes place outside Italy and/or any of the parties to 
the transaction are not resident in Italy. The ETI Securities linked to Equity Indices may qualify as 
derivative instruments subject to the FTT. 
The amount of tax due depends on the type of derivative instrument and on the contract’s value, but is 
subject to a maximum of EUR 200. This FTT is reduced to 1/5 of the relevant amount if the transfer 
takes place on a regulated market or multilateral trading system. 
The FTT on equity derivatives is due from each party involved in the relevant transaction. The FTT must 
be paid and accounted for to the Italian tax authorities by any intermediary intervening in any way in the 
execution of such transactions, e.g. banks, fiduciary companies or investment firms licensed to provide 
investment services on a professional basis to the public in accordance with Article 18 of Italian 
Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, including non-Italian resident intermediaries. However, 
the Stability Law provides that such intermediary is permitted to refrain from executing the relevant 
transaction until it has received from the relevant person referred to above the amount of FTT due on 
the transaction. In terms of compliance with the FTT, non-Italian resident intermediaries may (i) fulfil all 
the relevant obligations through their Italian permanent establishment, if any; (ii) appoint an Italian 
withholding agent as a tax representative; or (iii) identify themselves by filing a request with the Italian 
Tax Administration for an Italian tax code. In the event that several financial intermediaries are involved, 
the obligation to make payment of the FTT to the Italian tax authorities falls on the party that directly 
receives the transaction order from the parties. If no intermediary is involved in a transaction, the

--- Page 101 ---
101 
53031877.5 
relevant parties referred to above must pay the FTT due directly to the Italian tax authorities. Some 
exemptions may apply. 
OECD Common Reporting Standards 
Drawing extensively on the intergovernmental approach to implementing the United States Foreign 
Account Tax Compliance Act, the OECD developed the Common Reporting Standard (“CRS”) to 
address of offshore tax evasion on a global basis. Aimed at maximising efficiency and reducing cost for 
financial institutions, the CRS provides a common standard for due diligence, reporting and exchange 
of financial account information. Pursuant to the CRS, participating jurisdictions will obtain from reporting 
financial institutions, and automatically exchange with exchange partners on an annual basis, financial 
information with respect to all reportable accounts identified by financial institutions on the basis of 
common due diligence and reporting procedures. The first information exchange has been made in 
2017. 
Italy has enacted Law No. 95 of 18 June 2015 (“Law 95/2015”) to implement the CRS (and the amended 
EU Directive on Administrative Cooperation). Law 95/2015 entered into force on 1 January 2016 and 
contemplated the exchange of information starting on the calendar year 2016 forward. 
In the event that ETI Securityholders hold the ETI Securities through an Italian financial institution (as 
defined in the Ministerial Decree of 28 December 2015 implementing Law 95/2015), they may be 
required to provide additional information to enable the financial institution to satisfy its obligations under 
the Italian rules re CRS. 
France  
The following is an overview based on the laws and regulations in full force and effect in France as at 
the date of this Base Prospectus, which may be subject to change in the future, potentially with 
retroactive effect. Investors should be aware that the comments below are of a general nature and do 
not constitute tax advice and should not be understood as such. Prospective investors are therefore 
advised to consult their own qualified advisors so as to determine, in the light of their individual situation, 
the tax consequences of the subscription, purchase, holding, redemption or disposal of the ETI 
Securities.  
Withholding taxes  
The following is an overview addressing only the French compulsory withholding tax treatment of income 
arising from the holding of the ETI Securities. This overview is prepared on the assumption that the 
Issuer is not and will not be a French resident for French tax purposes and the ETI Securities (and any 
transactions in connection with the ETI Securities) are not and will not be attributed or attributable to a 
French branch, permanent establishment or other fixed place of business of the Issuer in France. All 
payments by the Issuer in respect of the ETI Securities will be made free of any compulsory withholding 
or deduction for or on account of any income tax imposed, levied, withheld, or assessed by France or 
any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein. However, pursuant to Article 125 A I of the 
French Code général des impôts and subject to certain exceptions, interest and assimilated income paid 
by a paying agent (établissement payeur) established in France and received by individuals who are 
fiscally domiciled (domiciliés fiscalement) in France are subject to a 12,8% withholding tax (which is 
deductible from their personal income tax liability in respect of the year in which the payment has been 
made). Social contributions (CSG, CRDS and other related contributions) are also levied by way of 
withholding at a global rate of 17.2% on such interest and assimilated income.  
Sweden

--- Page 102 ---
102 
53031877.5 
The following section briefly summarizes specific income taxation issues related to the ETI Securities in 
Sweden. It only deals with particular aspects of the taxation issues and does not in any way represent 
a comprehensive analysis of all the tax consequences of the purchase, sale and redemption of the 
respective products. Furthermore, no account is taken of the tax regulations of countries other than 
Sweden and tax treaties, nor of the individual circumstances of the investor. Exceptions to the legal 
position presented here may apply to specific situations or to specific investors. 
The applicable legal position and its interpretation by the Swedish Tax Agency may be subject to 
change, which change may take place with retrospective effects. It should be noted that there is in 
Sweden currently very limited case law, guidelines by the Swedish Tax Agency or tax practice relating 
to the tax treatment of innovative structured financial products such as derivative debt securities et 
cetera. There is thus a possibility that the Swedish Tax Agency, courts or banks (paying or custody 
agents) may consider the tax position to be different from the position presented here.  
Potential investors are strongly recommended to consult their personal tax advisers in order to obtain 
further information on the overall tax consequences and tax reporting obligations applicable with respect 
to the purchase, sale and redemption of the respective products, taking into account that there may be 
differences in the tax treatment of different derivative securities. Those advisers alone are in a position 
to make an adequate assessment based on the particular tax circumstances of the individual investor. 
General  
Any and all type of divestments (including redemptions or settlements) of derivative securities are 
considered to constitute a taxable event and taxed in accordance with applicable capital taxation rules. 
Capital gains, or losses, are normally calculated as the difference between any and all remuneration, 
after divestment costs have been deducted, and the tax base of the instruments including investment 
costs. When calculating the tax base, the so-called “average method” is normally used. The method 
entails that the tax base of an instrument is the average tax base for all instruments of the same class 
and kind held by a person or entity.  
Tax consequences may vary depending on the type of underlying asset and the holders’ situation. If the 
underlying assets are shares, share depository receipts, futures based on shares or indices, et cetera, 
the tax rules regarding shares are generally applicable. If the underlying assets are receivables or similar 
assets, the tax rules regarding these types of assets are generally applicable. If the underlying assets 
are commodities or futures based on commodities, et cetera, the tax rules regarding these types of 
assets will instead be applicable. Should the underlying assets be a mix of different type of assets (a 
basket of assets), it is not entirely clear how to classify the instrument for Swedish tax purposes. 
However, the Supreme Administrative Court held in a case, dated February 20, 2008, that the 
classification for tax purposes of a socalled “marked bond”, based upon different type of assets, should 
be made at the time the bond was issued and on the basis of the weight of the different underlying 
assets. The case indicates that instruments with different underlying assets should be classified at that 
time and in accordance with the underlying asset with the greatest weight. The classification of the 
instrument is mostly of concern when setting off capital gains towards capital losses. 
Holders resident in Sweden  
Proceeds, to the extent they constitute a capital gain, interest or deemed interest, paid to a holder who 
is a resident in Sweden for tax purposes and an individual will be taxed as capital income and taxed at 
flat rate of 30 per cent. Capital losses are deductible against capital income. Capital losses incurred 
from the sale or redemption of listed securities can be fully offset against taxable capital gains occurring 
in the same year due to the sale of listed shares and listed securities (with the exception of shares in

--- Page 103 ---
103 
53031877.5 
investment funds holding only Swedish receivables, known as Swedish fixed income funds). In case of 
excess loss, 70% of this loss is deductible against other capital income. In case of a net capital loss, 
such loss may be used for tax reduction on earned income tax as well as central government and 
municipal property taxes. Tax reduction is granted with 30% of the net capital loss up to SEK 100,000 
and 21% of any loss exceeding SEK 100,000. Note that if the taxable individual has made/makes an 
“investment deduction” (Sw. Investeraravdrag) the same fiscal year, the calculation will differ. Tax losses 
cannot be carried forward to future income years. Specific tax consequences may, however, be 
applicable to certain individuals and certain ways of investing, for example, investments through 
endowment insurances or investment savings accounts. 
Proceeds, to the extent they constitute a capital gain, interest or deemed interest, paid to a holder who 
is a resident in Sweden for tax purposes and a legal entity will be taxed as business income and taxed 
at a flat rate of 21,4 per cent (in 2021 the rate will be reduced to 20,6 per cent). Capital losses are 
generally deductible against business income. However, losses on Notes may not be deductible in case 
the holder of the Notes and the issuer of the Notes are considered related parties. Tax losses may, 
subject to certain restrictions in case of a change of ownership or mergers, be carried forward 
indefinitely. Specific tax consequences may, however, be applicable to certain categories of legal 
entities, for example, investment companies, life insurance companies and partnerships. 
For holders who are legal entities interest or deemed interest will become taxable on an annual accrual 
basis in accordance with Swedish GAAP, while capital gains normally will become taxable at the time 
of the disposal, redemption or settlement, of the instrument. A holder who is a legal entity may also 
become subject to corporate income tax in case of unrealized currency exchange gains on an annual 
basis in accordance with Swedish GAAP. Swedish GAAP may, however, have a different content for 
certain types of legal entities, for example, banks and insurance companies, as well as for entities of 
different sizes. Tax on payment of interest, deemed interest or dividends to holders who are private 
individuals may be withheld at source. The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding 
of taxes at the source. 
Holders not resident in Sweden  
Individuals who are non-resident in Sweden for tax purposes (and who has not been resident in Sweden 
during the last ten-year period) and legal entities not incorporated, registered, and without a permanent 
establishment, in Sweden are normally not subject to Swedish capital income taxation on payments of 
capital gain, interest or deemed interest. 
Sweden does not impose withholding tax on payments of interest, deemed interest or capital payments 
unless such payments are re-categorized as dividend distribution. In such case, a withholding tax of 30 
per cent is charged, unless there is an exception in a tax treaty or EU directive. However, a Swedish 
legal entity or permanent establishment effecting an interest payment to an individual (or an estate of a 
deceased individual) will normally be required to withhold Swedish preliminary tax (Sw. preliminärskatt) 
on the payment. The preliminary tax so withheld is normally equal to the final tax on the interest income, 
which means that there is generally no further tax payable on the interest payments made by the issuer. 
The Issuer does not assume any responsibility for the withholding of taxes at the source. 
Gift or Inheritance Taxes  
Sweden has currently no gift or inheritance tax. 
Value Added Tax  
VAT is levied in relation to the investment in the financial instruments and notes.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
53031877.5 
Tax Compliance Requirements  
Under Swedish domestic tax law, a Swedish credit institution, a Swedish branch of a foreign credit 
institution or a Swedish broker is obliged to report any interest payments and dividends under the 
Securities. Capital gains and losses derived from the Securities by individuals shall also be reported to 
the Swedish Tax Agency under certain conditions. Resident individuals are required to review the tax 
information related to the Securities contained in their pre-completed annual tax return and, if necessary, 
correct or complete the information in their tax return. Investors who are in any doubt as to their position 
should consult their professional advisers. 
Finland  
The following section briefly summarizes specific taxation issues related to the Securities in Finland. It 
only deals with particular aspects of the taxation issues and does not in any way represent a 
comprehensive analysis of all the consequences of the purchase, sale and redemption of the ETI 
Securities. 
This analysis is based upon the Finnish law as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and is 
subject to any change in law that may take effect after such date, including changes with retroactive 
effect. It should be noted that there is currently very limited case law or tax practice in Finland relating 
to the tax treatment of particular Securities. 
The tax treatment applicable to a holder of Securities depends on the individual circumstances of such 
holder. Tax consequences may vary depending on the type of underlying asset and the investor’s 
situation. Potential investors are recommended to consult their personal tax advisers as to the 
consequences under the laws of the country of which they are residents for tax purposes and the tax 
law of Finland in order to obtain further information on the overall tax consequences and tax reporting 
obligations applicable with respect to the purchase, sale and redemption of the Securities, taking into 
account that there may be differences in the tax treatment of different types of Securities. Those advisers 
alone are in a position to make an adequate assessment based on the particular tax circumstances of 
the individual investor. 
Finnish residents  
The following section applies to investors who are tax residents in Finland. Tax resident investors are 
individuals having their home or main abode in Finland or individuals staying in Finland for a continuous 
period of more than six months, as well as companies that are registered in Finland or otherwise 
established under Finnish law or under the applicable tax treaty having a permanent establishment for 
income tax purposes in Finland. A Finnish citizen is, however, normally deemed to be fully liable to tax 
in Finland until three years have elapsed from the end of the year during which the citizen left the country. 
Double tax treaties may restrict the authority of the Finnish state to tax foreign source income of an 
individual or entity deemed as resident of Finland pursuant to Finnish domestic tax law. 
Individual investors  
The general information below only relates to the taxation of private individuals who are residents in 
Finland for income tax purposes, and who hold the ETI Securities as private assets. 
The tax treatment of the Securities depends on the nature of the particular security in question. The 
Security representing a derivative financial instrument, where the value of the security is linked to the 
value of the underlying instrument is generally treated differently from the Securities that represent debt 
instruments.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
53031877.5 
a) Securities representing derivative instruments 
Finnish tax laws do not include any specific provisions on taxation of derivative instruments such as 
warrants and certificates. Therefore some interpretation risks may exist related to the taxation of 
derivative instruments. The description below is based on interpretation of general Finnish tax 
provisions, a decision of the Finnish Supreme Administrative Court (KHO 2013:117) and the guidelines 
of the Finnish Tax Administration. 
Capital gains from the sale or exercise of listed Securities (or Securities that could be listed, further 
referred together to as “listed Securities”) are subject to taxation in Finland as capital income of the 
Finnish resident individual investor. The tax rate applicable to capital income is 30 per cent. and 34 per 
cent. for the capital income exceeding EUR 30 000 per year. Capital gains are not subject to tax 
withholding in Finland, and the taxes due are payable by the Finnish resident individual investor 
personally. Capital gains arising from a sale of assets are exempted from tax if the total amount of the 
sales prices of the assets sold by the Finnish resident individual investor does not exceed EUR 1 000 
in a tax year. 
Capital losses arising from the sale or exercise, or expiry, of listed Securities are deductible from other 
capital gains or capital income in the same year or during the following five years. The capital losses will 
not, however, be tax deductible if the total amount of the acquisition prices of the assets sold by the 
Finnish resident individual investor does not exceed EUR 1 000 in a tax year. 
Taxable capital gains and losses are calculated as the difference between the sales or exercise 
proceeds and the aggregate of the actual acquisition cost of the Securities and the sales or exercise 
related expenses. When calculating capital gains, Finnish resident individual investors may choose to 
apply the so-called acquisition cost presumption instead of the actual acquisition cost. The acquisition 
cost presumption is normally 20 per cent. of the sales or exercise proceeds, but it is 40 per cent. of the 
sales or exercise proceeds for listed Securities that have been held by the Finnish resident individual 
investor for a period of at least ten years. If the acquisition cost presumption is applied instead of the 
actual acquisition cost, any sales or exercise related expenses cannot be separately deducted from the 
sales or exercise proceeds. Finnish resident individual investors must include in their income tax returns 
information on the sale or exercise of the listed Securities taken place during the tax year. 
According to case law (SAC 2013:117) and recently published Finnish Tax Administration guidelines, 
gains from the sale or exercise of non-listed Securities that are transferable securities and that have 
such qualities that they could be listed, is subject to taxation in Finland as capital gains, and loss tax 
deductible as capital loss. Loss arising from expiry of such Securities is also deductible as capital loss. 
Gains from the sale or exercise of non-listed Securities which do not qualify for capital gains taxation 
are taxable as general capital income of the Finnish resident individual investor, and not as capital gains. 
General capital income paid to a Finnish resident individual investor by a Finnish paying agent is as a 
rule subject to withholding tax at a rate of 30 per cent. The taxes withheld are taken into account as 
credits in the final taxation of the Finnish resident individual investor. In the final taxation, the capital 
income is taxable at the rate of 30 or 34 per cent. as discussed above. Losses arising from the sale or 
exercise as well as from expiry of non-listed Securities which do not qualify for capital gains are non-
deductible altogether in the taxation of a Finnish resident individual investor. 
b) Securities representing debt instruments  
Under present Finnish domestic tax law, holders of Securities representing debt instruments (Fin. 
joukkovelkakirja), who are individuals or an estate of a deceased person and resident in Finland for tax

--- Page 106 ---
106 
53031877.5 
purposes, will be subject to Finnish capital income tax on interest payments and capital gains under the 
Securities in accordance with Income Tax Act (1535/1992, as amended), if the Issuer is foreign resident 
and the Securities are not issued by Issuer’s permanent establishment for income tax purposes in 
Finland. 
Finnish resident corporate investors  
For holders of Securities, who are resident limited companies or other resident entities subject to 
corporate income tax, interest payments and capital gains under the Securities are regarded as taxable 
corporate income. The current tax rate for limited liability companies and other entities subject to 
corporate tax is 20 per cent. 
Income accrued from the sale or exercises of listed Securities that are included in the business assets 
of corporations with unlimited tax liability in Finland are deemed income subject to corporate income tax 
of 20 per cent. Correspondingly, the acquisition cost of Securities is treated as a deductible expense. 
Thus, the profit being the difference between the sales price and the acquisition cost of the Securities is 
taxed as a corporate income of the legal entity. Confirmed tax losses of the business activities are 
deductible from taxable business income in the same tax year and the ten subsequent tax years. 
In the event the listed Securities are not included in a company’s business assets, income accrued from 
the listed Securities may be taxed as capital gains relating to the source of company’s other income. 
Furthermore, a company may not use an acquisition cost presumption, and the capital loss arising from 
the sale of Securities cannot be deducted from the business profits, but is deductible only from capital 
gains arising in the same year and during the following five tax years. 
Non-resident individual and corporate investors  
In case of non-resident corporate investors, capital gains from the sale or exercise of listed Securities is 
not subject to taxation in Finland, unless the Securities relate to business carried out in Finland through 
a corporate investor’s permanent establishment. Even the income from the sale or exercise of non-listed 
Securities should not be subject to taxation in Finland for non-resident investors unless the Securities 
relate to business carried out in Finland through a permanent establishment. 
Non-profit organizations  
An organization, which is considered as a non-profit organization in accordance with art. 22 in the 
Income Tax Act, is not liable to tax for the personal source income. Accordingly, the losses incurred are 
not deductible. The income received from the exercise of the Securities is generally considered a 
personal income for Finnish tax purposes. However, exercising large investment activities may lead to 
forfeiture of the non-profit status and thus, to the taxation of income under Securities. The business 
source income received from the business activities of the non-profit organization is subject to corporate 
tax as described above in relation to Finnish corporate investors. 
Inheritance and gift taxes  
In accordance with domestic tax law, transfer of Securities by way of gift or inheritance is subject to 
Finnish gift or inheritance tax, respectively, if either the transferor or the transferee was resident for tax 
purposes in Finland at the time of death or donation. Finland’s right to impose gift or inheritance tax on 
transfer of movable property in the form of gift or inheritance received by residents and non-residents of 
Finland may, however, be limited by virtue of applicable tax treaties. 
ETI Securities with the meaning of this Base Prospectus are not subject to Finnish transfer taxation.

--- Page 107 ---
107 
53031877.5 
Tax Compliance Requirements  
Under Finnish domestic tax law, a Finnish credit institution, a Finnish branch of a foreign credit institution 
or a Finnish broker is obliged to report any interest payments under the Securities and any secondary 
market or index compensations paid and received to the Finnish Tax Administration. Capital gains and 
losses derived from the Securities by individuals and estates of deceased persons shall also be reported 
to the Finnish tax administration under certain conditions. Resident individuals and estates of deceased 
persons are required to review the tax information related to the Securities contained in their pre-
completed annual tax return and, if necessary, correct or complete the information in the tax return. 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers. 
THE ABOVE SUMMARIES ARE NOT INTENDED TO CONSTITUTE A COMPLETE ANALYSIS OF 
ALL TAX CONSEQUENCES RELATING TO THE OWNERSHIP OF ETI SECURITIES, 
PROSPECTIVE INVESTORS SHOULD CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISERS CONCERNING THE 
CONSEQUENCES OF THEIR PARTICULAR SITUATION.

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
None of the ETI Securities of any Series will be underwritten by any entity.  
Transfer restrictions applicable to the ETI Securities 
Liechtenstein  
The Authorised Participant has agreed and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not 
offer, sell, place or underwrite the ETI Securities, or do anything in the Principality of Liechtenstein in 
respect of the ETI Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
(a) 
the Prospectus Law Act and the Prospectus Directive (2003/71/EC) Regulations 2005 (as 
amended) and any rules of the Financial Markets Authority; 
(b) 
the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) 
and it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland;  
(c) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank 
rules issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended), and will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder; 
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Law Act” means the Liechtenstein 
Prospectus Law Act of 23rd May 2007, LGBl. 2007/196 (and amendments thereto). 
Ireland 
The Authorised Participant has agreed, and each further Authorised Participant appointed under the 
Programme will be required to agree that, it has not offered, sold, placed or underwritten and will not 
offer, sell, place or underwrite the ETI Securities, or do anything in Ireland in respect of the ETI 
Securities, otherwise than in conformity with the provisions of: 
 (a) 
the Prospectus Regulation and any applicable supporting law, rule or regulation and any rules 
of the Central Bank of Ireland issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1363 of the Companies 
Act 2014 (as amended); 
(b) 
the Companies Act 2014 (as amended);  
(c) 
the European Communities (Markets in Financial Instruments) Regulations 2017 (as amended) 
and it will conduct itself in accordance with any rules or codes of conduct and any conditions or 
requirements, or any other enactment, imposed or approved by the Central Bank of Ireland;  
(d) 
Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 April 2014 
on market abuse, the European Union (Market Abuse) Regulations 2016 and any Central Bank

--- Page 109 ---
109 
53031877.5 
rules issued and / or in force pursuant to Section 1370 of the Companies Act 2014 (as 
amended), and will assist the Issuer in complying with its obligations thereunder; 
(e) 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 November 
2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-based investment 
products (PRIIPs); and 
(f) 
the Central Bank Acts 1942 to 2014 and any codes of conduct rules made under Section 117(1) 
of the Central Bank Act 1989. 
United Kingdom 
The Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Partipant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that is has not made and will 
not make an offer of ETI Securities to the public in the United Kingdom except that is may make an offer 
of such ETI Securitries to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
in all cases to fewer than, 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the UK Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer for any 
such offer; or 
(c) 
in all cases in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the Financial Servics and 
Markets Act 2000 (as amended, the "FSMA"), 
provided that no such offer of ETI Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or 
supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression "an offer of ETI Securities to the public" in relation to any ETI Securities in 
the United Kingdom means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the ETI Securities to be offered so as to enable an 
investor to decide to purchase or subscribe the ETI Securities. 
 
the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
Other regulatory restrictions 
The Authorised Participant has represented and agreed, and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that: 
(a) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in 
investment activity (within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA received by it in connection 
with the issue or sale of any ETI Securities in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the 
FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and

--- Page 110 ---
110 
53031877.5 
(b) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the 
FSMA with respect to anything done by it in relation to any ETI Securities in, from or 
otherwise involving the United Kingdom; and 
(c) 
Commissions and fees: 
(i) 
if it is distributing ETI Securities that are “retail investment products” (as such term is defined 
in the Financial Conduct Authority Handbook) into the United Kingdom and it is entitled to 
receive any commission or fee from the Issuer, it will not transfer any part of that commission 
or fee to any third party who may advise retail investors to purchase an ETI Security that is 
a retail investment product; and 
(ii) 
if it is authorised and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority to provide investment 
advice to retail investors in the United Kingdom and it is providing advice to retail investors 
in respect of an ETI Security that is a retail investment product, it undertakes not to request 
any commission or fee from the Issuer and to otherwise reject any such payment offered to 
it other than in circumstances where the Issuer has agreed to facilitate the payment of an 
advisory fee and has the express consent of the retail investor to do so. 
Switzerland  
ETI Securities issued under the Programme do not constitute participations in a collective 
investment scheme within the meaning of the Swiss Federal Act on Collective Investment 
Schemes of 23 June 2006 (CISA), as amended. Investors are exposed to the credit risk of the 
Issuer of the ETI Securities. 
This Prospectus will be filed for automatic acceptance with the competent Swiss administrative body 
(Review Body as defined in art. 52 of the Swiss Financial Sevices Act (FinSA)) pursuant to article 54(2) 
of the FinSA. This Prospectus may be obtained in electronic or printed form, free of charge, upon request 
at iMaps ETI AG, Im alten Riet 102, 9494 Schaan, Principality of Liechtenstein, tel: +423 239 6819, fax: 
+423 265 2490, web: www.imaps-capital.com/etis. 
In addition, in the case of offerings of ETI Securities that constitute debt instruments with a “derivative 
character” (as such expression is understood under the FinSA and the Swiss Financial Services 
Ordinance (FinSO)) that will be made to private (retail) clients in Switzerland, a key information 
document (KID) in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of November 26, 2014 on key information documents for packaged retail and insurance-
based investment products (PRIIPs) will be made available, and may be obtained, free of charge, upon 
request from iMaps ETI AG, Im alten Riet 102, 9494 Schaan, Principality of Liechtenstein, tel: +423 239 
6819, fax: +423 265 2490, web: www.imaps-capital.com/etis. 
In Switzerland, in accordance with article 70 paragraph 2 FinSA, the issuing of structured products to 
retail clients by special purpose entities is only permitted, if a. these products are offered by: 1. financial 
intermediaries as defined in the BankA, the FinIA and the CISA; 2. insurance companies as defined in 
the ISA; 3. a foreign institution that is subject to equivalent supervision; and b. collateral corresponding 
to the requirements under article 70 paragraph 1 FinSA is guaranteed. An offer of the ETI Securities to 
retail clients in or from Switzerland is not permitted unless it is made by such “Authorised Offeror”. 
The appointment of the Authorised Offeror for Switzerland shall be disclosed in the Final Terms for those 
Series of ETI Securities that will be offered to retail clients in Switzerland by the Authorised Offeror. 
Italy

--- Page 111 ---
111 
53031877.5 
The offering of the ETI Securities has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, 
accordingly, each Authorised Participant has represented and agreed and each further Authorised 
Participant appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that, save as set 
out below, it has not offered or sold, and will not make an offer of any ETI Securities to the public in Italy 
and that sales of the ETI Securities in Italy shall be effected in accordance with all Italian securities, tax 
and exchange control and other applicable laws and regulations.  
Each of the Authorised Participant has represented and agreed and each further Authorised Participant 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree that it will not offer, sell or 
deliver any ETI Securities or distribute copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document relating 
to the ETI Securities in Italy except: 
(i) 
that each Authorised Participant may make an offer of ETI Securities to the public if the Final 
Terms in relation to the ETI Securities specify that a Non-exempt Offer may be made in Italy, 
including without limitation, by means of an offer of ETI Securities to the public following the 
date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such ETI Securities and provided that such 
prospectus has been (i) approved in another Relevant Member State and notified to CONSOB 
and (ii) completed by Final Terms expressly contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Directive, as implemented in Italy by Financial Services Act 
and CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“Regulation No. 
11971/1999”), during the relevant offer period and provided the Issuer has consented in writing 
to its use for the purpose of the Public Offer; 
(ii) 
to “qualified investors” (investitori qualificati), as referred to in Article 100, lett. a), of the 
Financial Services Act as implemented by Article 34-ter, first paragraph, letter b) of Regulation 
No. 11971/1999 and Article 35 and Annex No. 3 of Consob Regulation No. 20307 of February 
15, 2018; or 
(iii) 
in any other circumstances contemplated in Article 100 of the Italian Financial Act or Article 34-
ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as amended (“Italian Regulation 
11971/1999”). 
Any such offer, sale or delivery of the ETI Securities or distribution of copies of the Base Prospectus or 
any other document relating to the ETI Securities in Italy must be:  
(a) 
made by investment firms, banks or financial intermediaries permitted to conduct such activities 
in Italy in accordance with Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended from 
time to time (the “Italian Banking Act”), Financial Services Act, CONSOB Regulation No. 16190 
of 29 October 2007, as amended from time to time, and any other applicable laws and 
regulations; 
(b) 
in compliance with Article 129 of the Italian Banking Act and the implementing guidelines of the 
Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time, pursuant to which the Bank of Italy may request 
information on the issue or the offer of securities in Italy or by Italian person outside of Italy; and 
(c) 
in compliance with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirements imposed by 
CONSOB or the Bank of Italy or any other Italian regulatory authority.  
Provisions relating to the secondary market 
Potential investor should also note in connection with the subsequent distribution of ETI Securities in 
Italy, in accordance with Article 100-bis of the Financial Services Act, where no exemption from the rules

--- Page 112 ---
112 
53031877.5 
on public offerings applies under paragraphs (2) and (3) above, the subsequent distribution of the ETI 
Securities on the secondary market in Italy must be made in compliance with the public offer and the 
prospectus requirement rules provided under the Financial Services Act and Regulation No. 
11971/1999. Failure to comply with such rules may result in (i) the sale of such ETI Securities being 
declared null and void and (ii) the intermediaries transferring the ETI Securities being liable for any 
damages suffered by investors or potential investors. 
European Economic Area  
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area which has implemented the 
Prospectus Regulation (each, a “Relevant State”), the Authorised Participant has agreed that with effect 
from and including the date on which the Prospectus Regulation is implemented in that Relevant State 
(the “Relevant Implementation Date”) it has not made and will not make an offer of ETI Securities to 
the public in that Relevant State except that it may, with effect from and including the Relevant 
Implementation Date, make an offer of ETI Securities to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
in cases where the Final Terms specify that an offer of ETI Securities may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (a “Public Offer”), 
during the relevant offer period and provided the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of the Public Offer; 
(b) 
in all cases to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
in all cases to fewer than, 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the Issuer for any such 
offer; or 
(d) 
in all cases in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of ETI Securities referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Authorised Participant to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus 
Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market and any 
applicable supporting law, rule or regulation in the Relevant State. 
General 
Selling restrictions in respect of each Series of ETI Securities may be modified or supplemented by the 
agreement of the Issuer, the Arranger and each relevant Authorised Participant. Any such modification 
and any other or additional restrictions which may be agreed between the Issuer, the Arranger and each 
relevant Authorised Participant in respect of a Series will be set out in the Constituting Instrument in 
respect of that Series of ETI Securities. 
The Arranger and each Authorised Participant represents, warrants and covenants that it will comply 
with all applicable laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which each of them acquires, offers, sells 
or delivers the ETI Securities.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
53031877.5

--- Page 114 ---
114 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
1.
There are no governmental, legal, litigation or arbitration proceedings (including any such
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) which may have or
have had since the date of its incorporation, significant effects on the Issuer’s financial position
or profitability.
2.
For so long as the Programme remains in effect or any ETI Securities issued or entered into by
the Issuer remain outstanding, the following documents will be available from the date hereof
on the Issuer’s website (http://www.imaps-capital.com/) and during usual business hours on any
weekday (Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays excepted) for physical inspection at and
collection of copies free of charge from the registered office of the Issuer and the specified
offices of the Issuing and Principal Paying Agent:
(1)
this Base Prospectus;
(2)
any Master Trust Terms, Master Calculation Agency Terms, Master Authorised
Participant Terms, the Master Definitions and any other master document (together the
“Master Terms Documents” and each a “Master Terms Document”) which contains
provisions which are incorporated by reference into any Constituting Instrument (in
relation to a Series of ETI Securities which is or are outstanding) so as to constitute any
Trust Deed, Calculation Agency Agreement, Authorised Participant Agreement or other
deed or agreement with respect to a Series of ETI Securities (as amended, modified
and / or supplemented by the relevant Constituting Instrument);
(3)
any deed or agreement (other than the Constituting Instrument for each Series)
supplemental to any of the documents referred to in (2) above;
(4)
the Programme Security Trust Deed;
(5)
the Paying Agent Agreement;
(6)
the Memorandum and Articles of Association of the Issuer;
(7)
the most recent financial statements of the Issuer (if any);
(8)
the Constituting Instrument relating to each Series of ETI Securities; and
(9)
the Final Terms relating to each Series of ETI Securities.
3.
Pursuant to the Master Trust Terms, the Note Trustee may retire at any time upon giving not
less than 60 calendar days’ notice in writing to the Issuer, and the ETI Securityholders shall
have power (exercisable in the case of ETI Securityholders by Extraordinary Resolution) to
remove the Note Trustee provided that the retirement or removal of any sole Note Trustee or
sole trust corporation shall not become effective until the appointment of a successor has
become effective.
4.
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations (if any) which are
necessary in the Liechtenstein at the date of this Base Prospectus in connection with the
establishment and update of its Programme. The establishment of the Programme and the issue

--- Page 118 ---
[Logo]AAC 
Revision und Treuhand AG 
Landstrasse 123 
9495 Triesen 
Liechtenstein 
Phone: +423 399 03 03 
Fax: +423 399 03 93 
 
info@aac.li 
www.aac.li  
iMaps ETI AG  
9491 Ruggell 
Auditors' report 
Annual financial statements as at 31 December 2018 
(covering the period from 21/09/2018 to 31/12/2018) 
[Logo] bakertilly 
AAC Revision und Treuhand AG is a member of the global network of 
Com. Reg No.:  FL-0002.283.696-0 
Baker Tilly International Ltd., the members of which are separate and 
VAT No.:          56930 
independent legal entities.

--- Page 119 ---
[Logo] AAC 
Revision und Treuhand AG 
Landstrasse 123 
9495 Triesen 
Liechtenstein 
Phone: +423 399 03 03 
Fax: +423 399 03 93 
 
info@aac.li 
www.aac.li  
Auditor’s report to the General Meeting of  
iMaps ETI AG, 9491 Ruggell 
As auditors we conducted a review of the annual financial statements of iMaps ETI AG for the financial year 
ending on 31 December 2018, covering the period from 21 September 2018 to 31 December 2018. 
The Board of Directors is responsible for the annual financial statements, whereas our task is to submit a report 
on the annual financial statements based on our review. We confirm that we comply with the statutory 
requirements regarding competence and independence. 
Our review was carried out according to the standard for the auditing of annual financial statements of the 
Liechtensteinische Wirtschaftsprüfervereinigung (Liechtenstein Institute of Certified Public Accountants). 
According to this, a review must be planned and implemented in such a way that significant misstatements are 
identified in the annual financial statements, even if not with the same certainty as in an audit. A review consists 
mainly of interviewing employees and analytical auditing activities in relation to the data underlying the annual 
financial statements. We conducted a review, but not an audit, and for this reason are not submitting an audit 
opinion. 
In our review, nothing came to our attention that caused us to believe that the annual financial statements do 
not convey the true picture of the actual circumstances of the assets, financial and earnings position of iMaps 
ETI AG in accordance with Liechtenstein law. Furthermore, we did not find anything that caused us to believe 
that the annual financial statements do not comply with Liechtenstein law and the company’s articles of 
association. 
In our review we did not find anything that would cause us not to recommend the approval of this opening 
balance. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
      [Illegible signature] 
 
[Illegible signature] 
 
Horst Büchel  
 
Moritz Heidegger 
 
(Auditor/ 
 
 
(Auditor) 
 
Head Auditor) 
 
 
 
Enclosures: 
- Annual financial statements (Balance sheet, income statement and notes) 
Triesen, 28 February 2019 
AAC Revision und Treuhand
[Logo] bakertilly 
AAC Revision und Treuhand AG is a member of the global network of 
Com. Reg No.:  FL-0002.283.696-0 
Baker Tilly International Ltd., the members of which are separate and 
VAT No.:          56930 
independent legal entities.

--- Page 120 ---
iMaps ETI AG  
9491 Ruggell 
BALANCE  
(EUR) 
31/12/2018 
ASSETS 
A. Current assets 
I. Receivables 
19,137 
(of which with a remaining term of more than one year) 
(                           0 ) 
II. Credit with banks, postal cheque balances, 
124,821  
cheques and cash at hand 
Total current assets 
143,959 
TOTAL ASSETS 
143,959

--- Page 121 ---
iMaps ETI AG  
9491 Ruggell 
BALANCE  
(EUR) 
31/12/2018 
LIABILITIES 
A. Equity 
I. Subscribed capital 
 
125,000 
II. Year-end result 
 
0 
Total equity 
 
125,000 
B. Provisions 
 
1,583 
C. Liabilities 
 
16,642 
(of which, with a remaining term of more than one year) 
( 
0) 
D. Deferred income 
 
734 
Total liabilities 
 
18,959 
TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 
143,959

--- Page 122 ---
iMaps ETI AG  
9491 Ruggell 
INCOME STATEMENT  
(EUR) 
Period from 21 September to 31 December 
2018 
1. Net receipts 
19,137 
2. Other operating expenses 
-17,554 
3. Taxes on the result 
-1,583 
4. Earnings after taxes 
0 
5. Year-end result 
0

--- Page 123 ---
iMaps ETI AG  
9491 Ruggell 
NOTES TO THE ANNUAL FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AS AT 31 DECEMBER 2018  
(all amounts in EUR) 
Mandatory information in accordance with Art. 1055 et seqq. PGR  
General Information 
These annual financial statements were compiled according to Art. 1045 et seqq. PGR (Liechtenstein personal and company law). The 
provisions for small-sized corporations apply. 
The primary goal of the accounting is to present a true picture of the assets, financial and earnings position of the company. 
Accounting and valuation methods 
The following accounting and valuation methods were applied unchanged to the preparation of the annual financial statements. The 
assessment was based on the assumption that the company will remain in business. The accounting is conducted in euros. Foreign 
currency was converted into EUROS on the balance sheet date based on the official price for assessment purposes. 
There are no deviations from the general valuation principles, accounting methods and accounting rules pursuant to the PGR. 
Receivables and other assets are recognised at nominal value. 
Tax provisions take account of the taxes on profits determined for the reporting year. 
Liabilities are reported at the amount repayable. 
Net sales are reported if use and risk has passed to customers and/or the service has been rendered. 
There are no further circumstances subject to reporting requirements (Art. 1091 et seqq. PGR).