--- Page 1 ---
- 1 - 
 
Base Prospectus dated 21 June 2021 
 
 
IMERYS 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme") described in this Base Prospectus (as defined below), 
Imerys, a French société anonyme (the "Issuer" or "Imerys"), subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and 
directives, may from time to time issue Euro Medium Term Notes (the "Notes"). The aggregate nominal amount of Notes 
outstanding will not at any time exceed €3,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies as at the date of issue) subject to 
increase as described herein. Any Notes issued under the Programme on or after the date of this Base Prospectus are issued 
subject to the provisions described herein. This does not affect any Notes outstanding.  
This document (including the documents incorporated by reference herein), as may be supplemented from time to time, 
constitutes a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted 
to trading on a regulated market of 14 June 2017, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Commission de surveillance du secteur financier (the "CSSF") which is the 
Luxembourg competent authority under the EU Prospectus Regulation. 
The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the EU Prospectus Regulation. Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the 
Issuer that is the subject of this Base Prospectus nor as an endorsement of the quality of the Notes. In accordance with Article 
6(4) of the Luxembourg Law of 16 July 2019 on prospectuses for securities, the CSSF does not make any representation as to 
the economic or financial opportunity of the issue of Notes nor as to the quality and solvency of the Issuer. Investors should 
make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme during a period of 
twelve (12) months from the date of this Base Prospectus to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. Application may also be made to the 
competent authority of any other Member State of the European Economic Area ("EEA") for Notes issued under the 
Programme to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market (as defined below) in such Member State. The 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange is a regulated market (a "Regulated Market") for the purpose of 
Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments of 15 May 2014, as 
amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the European Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA"). 
However, Notes which are not listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market may be issued under the Programme 
and may also be listed on an alternative stock exchange or may not be listed at all. The relevant Final Terms (the "Final 
Terms") (in substantially the form of which is contained herein) in respect of the issue of any Notes will specify whether or 
not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and will be published, if relevant, on the website of the Regulated 
Market where the admission to trading is sought or on the website of the Issuer (www.imerys.com), as the case may be. 
This Base Prospectus shall be valid until 21 June 2022, twelve (12) months after its approval by the CSSF, provided that it is 
completed until such date by any supplement pursuant to Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation, following the occurrence 
of a significant new factor, a material mistake or a material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of the Notes. After such date, the Base Prospectus will no longer be valid and the 
obligation of the Issuer to supplement this Base Prospectus will cease to apply. This Base Prospectus will be published in 
electronic form together with any supplement thereto and all documents incorporated by reference herein on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (http://www.bourse.lu) and on the website of the Issuer (www.imerys.com).  
In the case of any Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a Regulated Market within the EEA and require the publication 
of a prospectus under the EU Prospectus Regulation, the minimum denomination shall be no less than €100,000 or its 
equivalent in any other currency.

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 - 
 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated Baa3 (stable outlook) by Moody's Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and BBB- (stable 
outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited ("S&P"). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where 
the notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating 
applied for in relation to a relevant Series (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s) 
and Title") of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the European Union, registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended) (the "EU CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final Terms. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued 
by a credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As of the date of 
this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established in the European Union and registered under the 
EU CRA Regulation and are included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance 
with the EU CRA Regulation (https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). A rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. None of Moody’s or S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are registered in 
accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed by Moody’s 
Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and 
have not been withdrawn. As such, the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes in the 
UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Potential purchasers of Notes should inform themselves of the rating(s), if 
any, applicable to a tranche of Notes before making any decision to purchase such Notes. 
 
See section"Risk Factors" for certain factors which should be considered by prospective investors in connection with 
any investment in any of the Notes. 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS 
NATIXIS 
 
Permanent Dealers  
BNP PARIBAS 
CIC MARKET SOLUTIONS  
COMMERZBANK 
HSBC 
ING 
MUFG 
NATIXIS 
RBC CAPITAL MARKETS 
SOCIETE GENERALE CORPORATE & INVESTMENT BANKING

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 - 
 
This Base Prospectus is to be read and construed in conjunction with any supplement thereto and with any other 
documents incorporated by reference (see section "Documents Incorporated by Reference") and, in relation to any 
Series (as defined in section "General Description of the Programme – Method of Issue"), with the relevant Final 
Terms. 
SOME ISSUES OF NOTES MAY NOT BE SUITABLE INVESTMENTS FOR ALL INVESTORS. NO 
INVESTOR SHOULD PURCHASE A NOTE UNLESS SUCH INVESTOR UNDERSTANDS, AND IS ABLE 
TO BEAR THE YIELD, MARKET LIQUIDITY, STRUCTURE, REDEMPTION AND OTHER RISKS 
ASSOCIATED TO THE NOTES. FOR FURTHER DETAILS, SEE SECTION "RISKS FACTORS" HEREIN. 
The Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised form 
("Materialised Notes") as more fully described herein.  
Dematerialised Notes will at all times be in book entry form (inscriptions en compte) in compliance with Article 
L.211-3 et seq and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier. No physical documents of title will be 
issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes.  
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be in bearer form (au porteur) inscribed as from the issue 
date in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of Account Holders (as defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s) 
and Title") including Euroclear Bank SA/NV, ("Euroclear") and the depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, 
S.A, ("Clearstream") or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of the relevant 
Noteholder (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes - Form, Denomination(s) and Title"), in either 
fully registered form (nominatif pur), in which case they will be in an account maintained by the Issuer or by the 
registration agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms - the "Registration Agent") for the Issuer, or in 
administered registered form (nominatif administré) in which case they will be inscribed in the accounts of the 
Account Holders designated by the relevant Noteholders. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only and may only be issued outside France. A temporary 
global certificate in bearer form without interest coupons attached (a "Temporary Global Certificate") will 
initially be issued in connection with Materialised Notes. Such Temporary Global Certificate will be exchanged 
for definitive Materialised Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, coupons for interest attached on or after 
a date expected to be on or about the 40th calendar day after the issue date of the Notes (subject to postponement 
as described in this Base Prospectus, see section "Temporary Global Certificates Issued in respect of Materialised 
Notes") upon certification as to non U.S. beneficial ownership as more fully described herein. 
Temporary Global Certificates will (a) in the case of a Tranche (as defined in section "General Description of the 
Programme – Method of Issue") intended to be cleared through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, be deposited on the 
issue date with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream Luxembourg and (b) in the case 
of a Tranche intended to be cleared through a clearing system other than or in addition to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream or delivered outside a clearing system, be deposited as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of 
Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of Notes will 
be set forth in the relevant Final Terms (in substantially the form of which is contained herein) which will be 
delivered, at the latest on the date of issue of the Notes of such Tranche. The Final Terms will also specify whether 
or not such Notes will be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, the relevant stock exchange. 
No person is or has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those 
contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such 
information or representation must not be relied upon as having been authorized by the Issuer or any of the 
Permanent Dealers or the Arrangers. Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor any sale made in connection 
herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has not been any change in the affairs 
of the Issuer and any company which is controlled by the Issuer within the meaning of article L.233-3 of the 
French Code de commerce (the "Group") since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has 
been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has not been any adverse change in the financial 
position of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been 
most recently amended or supplemented or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 - 
 
is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the 
document containing the same. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms and any offering materials under the Programme and 
the offer, sale and delivering of the Notes in certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose 
possession this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms comes are required by the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and 
the Arrangers to inform themselves about and to observe any such restriction.  
THE NOTES HAVE NOT BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED UNDER THE UNITED STATES 
SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE "SECURITIES ACT") OR ANY APPLICABLE 
SECURITIES LAW OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND INCLUDE MATERIALISED NOTES 
IN BEARER FORM THAT ARE SUBJECT TO U.S. TAX LAW REQUIREMENTS. SUBJECT TO CERTAIN 
EXCEPTIONS, THE NOTES MAY NOT BE OFFERED, SOLD OR DELIVERED WITHIN THE UNITED 
STATES OR TO U.S. PERSONS, BUT MAY BE OFFERED OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES TO NON-US 
PERSONS IN OFFSHORE TRANSACTIONS IN RELIANCE ON REGULATION S UNDER THE 
SECURITIES ACT ("REGULATION S") AND OTHER APPLICABLE LAWS. THE TERMS "UNITED 
STATES" AND "NON-US PERSON" USED IN THIS PARAGRAPH HAVE THE MEANING SPECIFIED 
UNDER REGULATION S.   
For a description of certain restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes and on distribution of this Base Prospectus, 
see section "Subscription and Sale". 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer of, or an invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Permanent 
Dealers or the Arrangers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. 
The Arrangers and the Permanent Dealers have not separately verified the information or representations 
contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. None of the Permanent Dealers or the Arrangers 
makes any representation, express or implied, or accepts any responsibility, with respect to the sincerity, accuracy 
or completeness of any of the information or representations in this Base Prospectus. Neither this Base Prospectus 
nor any other financial statements are intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should 
not be considered as a recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arrangers or the Permanent Dealers that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential 
purchaser of Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the Permanent 
Dealers or the Arrangers has reviewed or undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer or 
the Group during the life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or 
potential investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Permanent Dealers or the 
Arrangers. 
In this Base Prospectus, any discrepancies in any table between totals and the sums of the amounts listed in such 
table are due to rounding. 
EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
will include a legend entitled "EU MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by the European Securities and Markets Authority on 5 February 2018, and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments of 15 May 2014, 
as amended ("EU MiFID II") is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels. 
A determination will have to be made by all relevant Dealers in relation to each issue about whether, for the 
purpose of the product governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the "EU MiFID II Product 
Governance Rules"), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the EU MiFID II Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 - 
 
UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes 
may include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published 
by ESMA on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with the Financial Conduct Authority’s (the "FCA") policy 
statement entitled "Brexit: our approach to EU non-legislative materials"), and which channels for distribution of 
the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a "distributor") 
should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is 
responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
insurance distribution of 20 January 2016, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a 
regulated market of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). Consequently, no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU PRIIPs Regulation") 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors (as defined above) in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any 
such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the UK. For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "EUWA"); 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the EU PRIIPs Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
NOTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 309B OF THE SECURITIES AND FUTURES ACT, 
CHAPTER 289 OF SINGAPORE – Solely for the purposes of its obligations pursuant to sections 309B(1)(a) 
and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289 of Singapore) (the "SFA"), the Issuer has 
determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that all Notes issued 
under the Programme shall be "prescribed capital markets products" (as defined in the Securities and Futures 
(Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018). 
CANADA - The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that 
are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) 
of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration 
Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in 
accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable 
securities laws.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 - 
 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit 
prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any 
applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these 
rights or consult with a legal advisor.  
Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the government of a non-Canadian 
jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts (NI 33-105), the dealers are not 
required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding underwriter conflicts of interest in 
connection with an offer of Notes. 
Important Considerations 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such professional 
advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes is fully consistent with its 
financial needs, objectives and condition, complies and is fully consistent with all investment policies, guidelines 
and restrictions applicable to it and is a fit, proper and suitable investment for it, notwithstanding the clear and 
substantial risks inherent in or holding the Notes. 
A prospective investor may not rely on the Issuer or the Dealer(s) or any of their respective affiliates in connection 
with its determination as to the legality of its acquisition of the Notes or as to the other matters referred to above. 
Each potential investor in the Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own 
circumstances. In particular, each potential investor should: 
- 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
- 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its own 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact that any such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
- 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear the risks of an investment in the Notes, including 
where the currency for principal or interest payments under the Notes is different from that potential 
investor's currency; 
- 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of the financial markets 
and any relevant indices; 
- 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the risks of such 
investment; and 
- 
consult its own advisers as to legal, tax and related aspects of an investment in the Notes. 
Potential purchasers and sellers of the Notes may be required to pay taxes or other documentary charges or duties 
in accordance with the laws and practices of the country where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions, or 
in accordance with any applicable double tax treaty. Payments of interest on the Notes, or profits realised by the 
holder upon the sale or repayment of the Notes, may be subject to taxation in its home jurisdiction or in other 
jurisdictions in which it is required to pay taxes. Potential investors are advised to ask for their own tax adviser's 
advice on their individual taxation with respect to the acquisition, sale and redemption of the Notes. Only these 
advisers are in a position to duly consider the specific situation of the potential investor.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 - 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ......................................................................................... 8 
RISK FACTORS .................................................................................................................................................. 14 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ....................................................................................... 24 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................................................................................................. 29 
DESCRIPTION OF IMERYS .............................................................................................................................. 30 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS .............................................................................................................................. 31 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................. 34 
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................... 74 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS .................................................................................................................................. 75 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ............................................................................................................................. 89 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS ................... 95 
GENERAL INFORMATION ............................................................................................................................... 96

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 - 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description of the Programme does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is 
qualified in its entirety by the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of 
any particular Tranche of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. This general description constitutes a general 
description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1)(b) of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 
2019/980, as may be amended from time to time, supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation as regards the 
format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 March 2019. The Notes will be issued on such terms as shall 
be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and will be subject to the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes set out in this Base Prospectus as completed by the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings in 
this general description of the Programme. 
Issuer: 
Imerys 
Description: 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the "Programme"), the Issuer, 
subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, may from 
time to time issue notes (the "Notes"). 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
Natixis 
 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A  
HSBC Continental Europe 
ING Bank N.V. Belgian Branch 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
Natixis 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
RBC Europe Limited 
Société Générale 
 
 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any dealer under the 
Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of one or more Tranches 
or in respect of the whole Programme. References in this Base Prospectus to 
"Permanent Dealers" are to the persons listed above as Dealers and to such 
additional persons that are appointed as dealers in respect of the whole Programme 
(and whose appointment has not been terminated) and to "Dealers" are to all 
Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as a dealer in respect of one or more 
Tranches. 
Programme Limit: 
 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies as at the date of issue) 
aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. The Programme 
Limit may be increased, as provided in the amended and restated dealer agreement 
dated 21 June 2021 between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers and 
shall involve the preparation of a supplement in accordance with Article 23 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the 
prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "EU Prospectus 
Regulation"). 
Fiscal 
Agent 
and 
Principal Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Paying Agent: 
BNP Paribas Securities Services

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 - 
 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out in "Risk Factors - Risks 
factors relating to the Issuer" in this Base Prospectus. In addition, there are certain 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated 
with Notes issued under the Programme. These are set out in "Risk Factors - Risks 
factors relating to the Notes" in this Base Prospectus. 
Method of Issue: 
 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be 
issued in Series having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or 
identical other than in respect of the first payment of interest and the issue price), the 
Notes of each Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes of that 
Series. Each Series may be issued in Tranches on the same or different issue dates. 
The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in respect of the issue date, issue 
price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will be identical 
to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, any maturity 
from one month from the date of original issue, as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
Currencies: 
 
Subject to compliance with all relevant laws, regulations and directives, Notes may 
be issued in Euro, U.S. Dollars, Japanese yen, Swiss francs, Sterling, Renminbi and 
in any other currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Denomination(s): 
 
Notes will be in such denomination(s) as specified in the relevant Final Terms save 
that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market within the European Economic Area requiring the publication of a prospectus 
under the EU Prospectus Regulation will be no less than €100,000 (or, if the Notes 
are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such 
currency). 
In addition, Notes (including Notes denominated in Sterling) which have a maturity 
of less than one year and in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as 
amended ("FSMA") will have a minimum denomination of £100,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies). 
Dematerialised Notes will be issued in one denomination only. 
Status of the Notes: 
 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank at all 
times pari passu and without any preference among themselves and (subject to such 
exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, from time to time outstanding. 
Negative Pledge: 
There will be a negative pledge in respect of Notes as set out in Condition 4. 
Events of Default:  
There will be Events of Default and a cross-default in respect of the Notes as set out 
in Condition 9(a). 
Redemption Amount: 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled, each Note shall be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms at its Final 
Redemption Amount (which shall be at least its nominal amount) or, in the case of a 
Note to be redeemed by instalments, its final Instalment Amount, with the aggregate

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 - 
 
amount of all Instalment Amounts which shall be at least equal to the nominal amount 
of each Note. 
The Final Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will indicate either that the Notes 
of such Tranche cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for 
taxation reasons, if it becomes unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with one 
or more of its obligations under the Notes or that the Notes are purchased or cancelled 
by the Issuer) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders, upon giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) 
calendar days' notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) to the Noteholders or the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such terms as are indicated in the 
relevant Final Terms.  
Unless permitted by then current laws and regulations, Notes (including Notes 
denominated in sterling) in respect of which the issue proceeds are to be accepted by 
the Issuer in the United Kingdom or whose issue otherwise constitutes a 
contravention of section 19 of the FSMA must have a minimum redemption amount 
of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies), unless such Notes may not be 
redeemed until the first anniversary of their date of issue. 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state whether such 
Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity at the option of the Issuer (either 
in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders and if so the terms applicable to such 
redemption. 
Early Redemption: 
Except as provided in "Optional Redemption" above, "Make-Whole Redemption by 
the Issuer" below and "Clean-Up Call Option" below, Notes may be redeemable at 
the option of the Issuer prior to maturity only for tax reasons. See Condition 6. 
Redemption 
by 
Instalments: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes that are redeemable in two 
or more instalments will set out the dates on which, and the amounts in which, such 
Notes may be redeemed. 
Make-Whole 
Redemption 
by 
the 
Issuer: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, the Issuer 
will have the option to redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time, prior to their Maturity Date at the relevant Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount.  
Clean-Up Call Option: 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in respect of any issue of Notes, in the 
event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial aggregate principal amount of the Notes 
has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the Issuer will have the option to 
redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes.  
Issuer's 
early 
redemption option upon 
a 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Increase Event:  
If Change of Control is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
first occurrence of a Rate of Interest Increase Event, the Issuer may redeem the 
relevant Notes (either in whole or in part) on any date falling not more than forty-
five (45) calendar days after the Rate of Interest Increase Date at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount. 
Withholding tax: 
All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the Issuer 
in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or 
deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever 
nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within France or any 
authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of any 
Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 - 
 
present or future taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then 
permitted by law, pay such additional amounts as shall result in receipt by the 
Noteholders or, if applicable, the holders of Receipts and Coupons, as the case may 
be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such withholding 
or deduction been required, subject to certain exceptions. 
Interest 
Periods 
and 
Rate of Interest: 
The length of the Interest Periods for the Notes and the applicable Rate of Interest or 
its method of calculation may differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. 
Notes may have a Maximum Rate of Interest, a Minimum Rate of Interest (which 
shall never be less than zero), or both. The use of Interest Accrual Periods permits 
the Notes to bear interest at different rates in the same Interest Period. All such 
information will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest determined separately for each Series as 
follows: 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate swap 
transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions, unless otherwise specified in the 
relevant Final Terms; or 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on an agreed screen page 
(including LIBOR, EURIBOR, EUR CMS, Compounded SOFR or SONIA 
(or any successor or replacement rate as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d), Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) or Condition 5(c)(v)(D) to (F), as 
applicable), 
in each case as adjusted for any applicable Margin (a "Floating Rate"). 
Interest Periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount to it and 
will not bear interest. 
Change in interest upon 
a 
Rate 
of 
Interest 
Increase Event:  
If Change of Control is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, upon the 
first occurrence of a Rate of Interest Increase Event, if at any time while any of the 
Notes remain outstanding: (i) there occurs a Change of Control and (ii) a Rating 
Downgrade occurs or has occurred during the Change of Control Period and the 
Rating Agencies have publicly announced, or confirmed in writing to the Issuer, that 
such Rating Downgrade resulted, in whole or in part, from the Change of Control 
that has occurred or could occur ((i) and (ii) together, a "Rate of Interest Increase 
Event"), the Rate of Interest will be increased in accordance with the table set out in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Such increased Rate of Interest shall apply as from and including the date (the "Rate 
of Interest Increase Date") that is the later of (i) the date of the Change of Control 
and (ii) the date of announcement of such Rating Downgrade, for the remainder of 
the Interest Period in which the Rate of Interest Increase Date occurs (the interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period being calculated on a pro rata basis by 
applying the Day Count Fraction) and for all subsequent Interest Periods until the 
redemption of such Notes.  
Form of Notes: 
Notes may be either Dematerialised Notes or Materialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes may, at the option of the Issuer, be issued in bearer form (au 
porteur) or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter case, at the option of

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 - 
 
the relevant Noteholder, in either fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
administrated registered form (au nominatif administré) form. No physical 
documents of title will be issued in respect of Dematerialised Notes. See Condition 
1. 
Materialised Notes will be in bearer materialised form only. A Temporary Global 
Certificate will be issued initially in respect of each Tranche of Materialised Notes. 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside France.  
Dematerialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Materialised Notes and 
Materialised Notes will not be exchangeable for Dematerialised Notes.  
Governing Law: 
French law. 
Central Depositary:  
Euroclear France as central depositary in relation to Dematerialised Notes. 
Clearing Systems: 
 
In relation to Materialised Notes, Clearstream and Euroclear or any other clearing 
system that may be agreed between the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer.  
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Dematerialised Notes: 
No later than one (1) Paris business day before the issue date of each Tranche of 
Dematerialised Notes, the lettre comptable relating to such Tranche shall be 
deposited with Euroclear France as central depositary. 
Initial 
Delivery 
of 
Materialised Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Materialised Notes, the Temporary 
Global Certificate issued in respect of such Tranche shall be deposited with a 
common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream or with any other clearing system 
or may be delivered outside any clearing system provided that the method of such 
delivery has been agreed in advance by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent and the relevant 
Dealer. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or premium to their 
nominal amount. The Issue Price and amount of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of 
issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions and will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Listing 
and/or 
admission to trading: 
 
Application has been made for the Notes issued under the Programme to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Notes may also be listed 
and/or admitted to trading on such other or further stock exchange(s) as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to each Series. The Final 
Terms relating to each Tranche of Notes will state whether or not and if so, on which 
stock exchanges the Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading.  
Rating: 
The long-term debt of the Issuer is rated Baa3 (stable outlook) by Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH ("Moody's") and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited ("S&P"). Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where the notes are rated, the applicable rating(s) will be specified in the 
relevant Final Terms. Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Series of Notes will be issued by a credit rating agency established in the 
European Union, registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended), on 
credit rating agencies (the "EU CRA Regulation") will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms. In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for 
regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established 
in the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation. As of the date 
of this Base Prospectus, Moody's and S&P are credit rating agencies established in 
the European Union and registered under the EU CRA Regulation and are included 
in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 - 
 
Authority on its website in accordance with the EU CRA Regulation 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/supervision/credit-rating-agencies/risk). A rating is 
not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, change or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. None 
of Moody’s or S&P are established in the United Kingdom (the "UK"), or are 
registered in accordance with Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it forms part of 
domestic law of the UK by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"UK CRA Regulation"). The ratings of Moody's and S&P have been endorsed by 
Moody’s Investors Service Ltd. and S&P Global Ratings UK Limited, respectively, 
in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation and have not been withdrawn. As such, 
the ratings issued by each of Moody's and S&P may be used for regulatory purposes 
in the UK in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Potential purchasers of Notes 
should inform themselves of the rating(s), if any, applicable to a tranche of Notes 
before making any decision to purchase such Notes. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the sale of Notes and the distribution of offering material in 
various jurisdictions including the United States, the United Kingdom, France, Japan, 
Hong Kong, the People's Republic of China, Singapore and Canada. See section 
"Subscription and Sale". In connection with the offering and sale of a particular 
Tranche of Notes, additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set 
out in a supplement to the Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer is Category 2 for the purposes of Regulation S under the United States 
Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
Materialised Notes will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") unless (i) the relevant Final Terms state that such 
Materialised Notes are issued in compliance with U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") or (ii) such Materialised Notes are issued other than in 
compliance with the D Rules or the C Rules but in circumstances in which the Notes 
will not constitute "registration required obligations" under the United States Tax 
Equity and Fiscal Responsibility Act of 1982 ("TEFRA"), which circumstances will 
be referred to in the relevant Final Terms as a transaction to which TEFRA is not 
applicable. 
The TEFRA rules do not apply to any Dematerialised Notes.

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 - 
 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes issued 
under the Programme and may be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes to 
be issued under the Programme.  
The Issuer believes that the factors described below and in the Documents Incorporated by Reference are specific 
to the Issuer and/or the Notes and material for making an informed investment decision with respect to investing 
in the Notes issued under the Programme.  
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Additional risks not included in the factors 
below, e.g. because they are now immaterial or not currently known by the Issuer, may result in material risks in 
the future. 
Furthermore, investors should be aware that the risks described may be combined and thus interrelated with one 
another. 
Terms defined in the "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" shall have the same meanings where used below. 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Risk factors relating to the Issuer are set out in particular in pages 38 to 43 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document (as defined in section "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
In assessing the materiality of each risk below, the Issuer has considered the probability of its occurrence and the 
magnitude of its impact. The risk factors have been presented in a limited number of categories depending on 
their nature. The risks which the Issuer considers to be the most material are set out first in each category, with 
the remaining risk factors in each category set out in descending order of materiality. No importance should be 
given to the order of the categories.   
Risks relating to all Series of Notes 
Credit risk 
An investment in the Notes involves taking credit risk on the Issuer. Since the Notes are unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer, benefitting from no direct recourse to any assets or guarantees (see Condition 3), the Noteholders can 
only rely on the ability of the Issuer to pay any amount due under the Notes. The value of the Notes will depend 
on the creditworthiness of the Issuer (as may be impacted by the risks relating to the Issuer described above). The 
long-term debt of the Issuer has been assigned a long-term issuer credit rating of Baa-3 (stable outlook) by 
Moody's Deutschland GmbH and BBB- (stable outlook) by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. If the 
creditworthiness of the Issuer deteriorates, the potential impact on the Noteholders could be significant because 
(i) the Issuer may be unable to fulfil all or part of its payment obligations under the Notes (in particular those in 
relation to the payment of interest and principal specified in Condition 5 and 6), (ii) the market value of the Notes 
may decrease and (iii) investors may lose all or part of their investment. 
An active trading market for the Notes may not develop 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
may be no active trading market (unless in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be assimilated 
(assimilées)  with, and form a single series with, a Tranche of Notes which is already issued). If a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Although in relation to Notes to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any 
other Regulated Market, the Final Terms of the Notes will be filed with the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier in Luxembourg and/or with the competent authority of the Regulated Market where the Notes will be 
listed and admitted to trading, such admission to trading may not occur and any particular Tranche of Notes may 
not be so listed and admitted to trading or an active trading market may not develop or, if one does develop, it 
may not be maintained. If an active trading market for the Notes does not develop or is not maintained, the liquidity

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 - 
 
and the market or trading price of the Notes may be adversely affected. The Issuer is entitled to buy the Notes, as 
described in Condition 6(h), and the Issuer may issue further notes, as described in Condition 13. Such transactions 
may favourably or adversely affect the price development of the Notes. If additional and competing products are 
introduced in the markets, this may adversely affect the value of Notes. 
French Insolvency Law and EU Restructuring Directive 
French insolvency laws and the EU Restructuring Directive (as defined below) could have a material adverse 
effect on the Noteholders' rights and claims under the Notes. 
Under French insolvency law, notwithstanding any clause to the contrary, holders of debt securities issued by a 
French company are grouped into a single assembly of holders (the "Assembly") in order to defend their common 
interests if a safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde), an accelerated safeguard procedure (procédure de 
sauvegarde accélérée), an accelerated financial safeguard procedure (procédure de sauvegarde financière 
accélérée) or a judicial reorganisation procedure (procédure de redressement judiciaire) is opened in France with 
respect to the Issuer (either automatically or where authorised by the supervising judge, depending on certain 
statutory conditions being satisfied). 
The Assembly comprises holders of all debt securities (including any Notes) issued by the Issuer, whether or not 
under a debt issuance programme (such as the Programme) and regardless of the governing law applicable to such 
issuance. 
The Assembly deliberates on the proposed safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde), proposed accelerated 
safeguard plan (projet de plan de sauvegarde accélérée), proposed accelerated financial safeguard plan (projet de 
plan de sauvegarde financière accélérée) or proposed judicial reorganisation plan (projet de plan de 
redressement) applicable to the Issuer and approved by the other creditors' committees. 
The proposed plan submitted to the Assembly: 
(i) 
must take into account subordination agreements entered into by the creditors before the opening of the 
proceedings; 
(ii) 
may reschedule, partially or totally write-off their receivables (unless the debt was incurred (i) during the 
conciliation procedure which resulted in an approved conciliation agreement (accord de conciliation 
homologué) and benefitted from the new money lien as provided for therein or (ii) as part of a previous 
safeguard or judicial reorganisation proceedings provided such debt benefits from the newly enacted 
safeguard/reorganisation lien); 
(iii) 
may establish a differentiated treatment between holders of debt securities (including the Noteholders) if 
their difference of situations so justifies; and/or 
(iv) 
may provide for the conversion of debt securities (including the Notes) into shares or securities that give 
or may give right to share capital (such conversion requiring the relevant shareholder consent). 
Decisions of the Assembly will be taken by a two-third majority (calculated as a proportion of the amount of the 
debt securities held by the holders which have cast a vote at such Assembly or were represented thereat). No 
quorum is required on convocation of the Assembly. The holders whose repayment schedule is not modified by 
the plan, or for which the plan provides for a payment of their claims in cash in full as soon as the plan is adopted 
or as soon as their claims are admitted, do not take part in the vote. The amounts of the claims secured by a trust 
(fiducie) constituted as a guarantee granted by the debtor are not taken into account. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the provisions relating to the representation of the Noteholders described in the Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes and, if applicable, the applicable Final Terms, will not be applicable to the extent 
they conflict with compulsory insolvency law provisions that apply in these circumstances. 
The procedures, as described above or as they will or may be amended, could have an adverse impact on holders 
of such Notes seeking repayment in the event that the Issuer is to be subject to French insolvency proceedings. 
It should be noted that Directive (EU) 2019/1023 on preventive restructuring frameworks, on discharge of debt 
and disqualifications, and on measures to increase the efficiency of procedures concerning restructuring,

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 - 
 
insolvency and discharge of debt, and amending Directive (EU) 2017/1132 (the "EU Restructuring Directive") 
was adopted by the European Union on 20 June 2019 and shall be transposed by Member States before 17 July 
2021 (unless the transposition period is extended (as the case may be)). In France, French statute n°2019-486 
dated 22 May 2019 (the "Loi Pacte") grants the French government 24 months to enact appropriate measures 
through ordinances for the implementation of the EU Restructuring Directive. More specifically, the EU 
Restructuring Directive impacts the process of adoption of restructuring plans under insolvency proceedings. 
According to EU Restructuring Directive, "affected parties", i.e. creditors (including the Noteholders), shall be 
treated in separate classes which reflect certain class formation criteria for the purpose of adopting a restructuring 
plan. Classes shall be formed in such a way that each class comprises claims or interests with rights that are 
sufficiently similar to justify considering the members of the class a homogenous group with commonality of 
interest. A restructuring plan shall be deemed to be adopted by affected parties, provided that a majority in the 
amount of their claims or interests is obtained in each and every class (the required majorities shall be laid down 
by Member States at not higher than 75% in the amount of claims or interests in each class). If the restructuring 
plan is not approved by each and every class of affected parties, the plan may however be confirmed by a judicial 
or administrative authority upon the proposal of a debtor or with the debtor's agreement by applying a cross-class 
cram-down, and consequently, becoming binding upon dissenting voting classes. 
Therefore, when the EU Restructuring Directive is transposed into French law, it is likely that the holders of notes 
(including the Noteholders) will no longer deliberate on the proposed restructuring plan in a separate assembly, 
meaning that they will no longer benefit from a specific veto power on this plan. Instead, as any other affected 
parties, the holders of notes will be grouped into one or several classes (potentially with other types of creditors) 
and their dissenting vote could be overridden by a cross-class cram down. 
The commencement of insolvency proceedings against the Issuer would have a material adverse effect on the 
market value of Notes and any decisions taken by the Assembly, a class of affected parties, or a class of creditors, 
as the case may be, could negatively impact the Noteholders and cause them to lose all or part of their investment. 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes permit modifications, waivers and substitutions binding on all Noteholders 
to be effected by defined majorities of Noteholders  
Condition 11 contains provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders or for consulting Noteholders in writing to 
consider matters affecting their interest generally, including without limitation the modification of the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes. The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches in any Series, be automatically grouped 
for the defence of their common interests in a Masse, as defined in Condition 11. Noteholders can adopt measures 
either through a general meeting (the "General Meetings") or by consent following a written consultation (the 
"Written Decisions" and, together with the General Meetings, the "Collective Decisions"). 
The Terms and Conditions permit in certain cases defined majorities to bind all Noteholders including Noteholders 
who did not attend (or were not represented) and vote at the relevant General Meeting, Noteholders who did not 
express a vote or consent to a Written Decision and Noteholders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
During the life of the Notes, a majority of Noteholders may adopt a Collective Decision that would modify the 
Terms and Conditions in a way that could impair or limit the rights of the Noteholders and this may have a negative 
impact on the market value of the Notes. Hence Noteholders may lose part of their investment. 
 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls 
The Programme allows for Notes to be issued in a range of currencies (each, a "Specified Currency"). The 
Specified Currency for any Series of Notes will be identified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer will pay 
principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency. This presents certain risk relating to currency 
conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a currency or currency unit (the 
"Investor's Currency") other than the Specified Currency. These include the risk that exchange rate may 
significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation of the 
Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may impose or 
modify exchange controls. Such risks generally depend on a number of factors, including financial, economic and 
political events over which the Issuer has no control. An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, (2) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor's Currency-
equivalent market value of the Notes.

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 - 
 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate, as well as the availability of the Specified Currency in which a Note 
is payable at the time of payment of interest and/or principal in respect of such Note. Noteholders whose financial 
activities are carried out or dependent principally in a currency or currency unit other than the relevant Specified 
Currency may be very negatively impacted as they might receive less interest or principal than expected, or, at 
worst, no interest or principal. 
 
Risks related to the structure and characteristics of a particular issue of Notes 
(i) Interest Rate Risks 
Interest rate risk on Fixed Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that pay a fixed rate of interest (the "Fixed 
Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(b)). While the nominal interest rate of a Fixed Rate Note is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms and is determined for the term of such Note or a given period of time, the market 
interest rate (the "Market Interest Rate") typically varies on a daily basis. As the Market Interest Rate changes, 
the price of the Fixed Rate Note on the secondary market varies in the opposite direction. If the Market Interest 
Rate increases, the price of the Fixed Rate Note typically decreases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals 
approximately the Market Interest Rate. If the Market Interest Rate decreases, the price of a Fixed Rate Note 
typically increases, until the yield of such Fixed Rate Note equals approximately the Market Interest Rate. 
Movements of the Market Interest Rate can adversely affect the price of the Notes in the secondary market and 
could cause Noteholders to lose part of the capital invested if they decide to sell Notes during a period in which 
the Market Interest Rate exceeds the fixed rate of the Notes. It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in 
interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes and 
cause Noteholders who sell Notes on the secondary market to lose part of their initial investment. 
Investors will not be able to calculate in advance the rate of return on Floating Rate Notes 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes allow the Issuer to issue Notes that bear interest at a floating rate of 
interest (the "Floating Rate Notes") to Noteholders (see Condition 5(c)). A key difference between Floating Rate 
Notes and Fixed Rate Notes (issued pursuant to Condition 5(b)) is that interest income on Floating Rate Notes 
cannot be anticipated. The floating rate of interest is comprised of a reference rate and a margin to be added or 
subtracted, as the case may be, from such base rate. Typically, the relevant margin will not change throughout the 
life of the Notes but there will be a periodic adjustment (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) of the reference 
rate (e.g., every three (3) months or six (6) months) which itself will change in accordance with general market 
conditions. Accordingly, the market value of Floating Rate Notes may be volatile if changes, particularly short 
term changes, to market interest rates evidenced by the relevant reference rate can only be reflected in the interest 
rate of these Notes upon the next periodic adjustment of the relevant reference rate. This stated volatility may 
have a significant adverse effect on the market value of the Notes. 
Due to varying interest income, investors are not able to determine a definite yield of Floating Rate Notes at the 
time they purchase them, so that their return on investment cannot be compared with that of investments having 
longer fixed interest periods. If the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, as completed by the relevant Final Terms, 
provide for frequent interest payment dates, Noteholders are exposed to the reinvestment risk if market interest 
rates decline. That is, investors may reinvest the interest income paid to them only at the relevant lower interest 
rates then prevailing. 
Risks related to Notes which are linked to or referencing "benchmarks"  
Where, pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), the applicable Final Terms for a Series of Floating Rate Notes specify 
that the Rate of Interest for such Notes will be determined by reference to the London Interbank Offered Rate 
("LIBOR"), the Euro Interbank Offered Rate ("EURIBOR"), the Euro Constant Maturity Swap ("EUR CMS"), 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR"), the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and other 
indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", such "benchmarks" are the subject of recent national, international 
and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective while others 
are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, or 
to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Notes (including the value and/or liquidity thereof and/or the return thereon) 
linked to or referencing such a "benchmark".

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 - 
 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the Council on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds of 8 June 2016 
(the "EU Benchmarks Regulation") entered into force on 30 June 2016 with the majority of its provisions 
applying from 1 January 2018 and Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United 
Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the "UK Benchmarks Regulation") apply to 
the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within 
the EU and the UK respectively. It, among other things, (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised 
or endorsed) and (ii) prevent certain uses by EU or UK supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that 
are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based or non-UK-based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation could have a direct impact on any Floating 
Rate Notes linked to or referencing a rate or index deemed to be a "benchmark", in particular: 
(i) 
an index which is a "benchmark" could not be used by a supervised entity in certain ways if its 
administrator does not obtain authorisation or registration or, if based in a non-EU jurisdiction or non-
UK jurisdiction, the administrator is not recognised as equivalent or recognised or endorsed and the 
transitional provisions do not apply; and  
(ii) 
if the methodology or other terms of the "benchmark" are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, 
among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the 
published rate or level of the "benchmark". 
Either of the above could potentially lead to the Floating Rate Notes being de-listed, adjusted or redeemed early 
or otherwise impacted depending on the particular "benchmark" and the applicable terms of the Floating Rate 
Notes or have other adverse effects or unforeseen consequences. 
More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general increased regulatory 
scrutiny of "benchmarks", could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the 
setting of a "benchmark" and complying with any such regulations or requirements. 
Such factors may have the following effects on certain "benchmarks" (including LIBOR, EURIBOR, EUR CMS, 
SONIA and SOFR): (i) discourage market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to such 
"benchmark"; (ii) trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in the "benchmarks" or (iii) lead to the 
disappearance of the "benchmark". Any of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of 
international, national or other proposals for reform or other initiatives or investigations, could have a material 
adverse effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
The UK Financial Conduct Authority announced on 27 July 2017 that it would no longer persuade or compel 
banks to submit rates for the calculation of the LIBOR benchmark after 2021 and confirmed on 5 March 2021 
that most LIBOR benchmark tenors would cease or cease to be representative benchmarks from 31 December 
2021 or (in the case of certain tenors of USD LIBOR only) from 30 June 2023. On 5 March 2021, the administrator 
for LIBOR (the ICE Benchmark Administration or IBA) similarly announced that it would cease the publication 
of the relevant LIBOR settings on 31 December 2021 or 30 June 2023, unless the Financial Conduct Authority 
(the "FCA")  exercises its proposed new powers (which are included in the current UK Financial Services Bill as 
proposed amendments to the UK Benchmarks Regulation) to require the IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (also known as a "synthetic" basis). Such announcements indicate that 
LIBOR will not continue in its current form and the UK Financial Conduct Authority announcement of 5 March 
2021 indicated that it is currently contemplating that any "synthetic" basis, if adopted, would be limited to a small 
number of currencies and settings. In addition, on 29 November 2017, the Bank of England and the FCA 
announced that, from January 2018, its working group on Sterling risk-free rates had been mandated with 
implementing a broad-based transition to the SONIA over the next four years across sterling bond, loan and 
derivative markets so that SONIA is established as the primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 
2021.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group 
tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an 
alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. On 13

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 - 
 
September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate ("€STR") 
as the new risk-free rate for the euro area. The €STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019. Although 
EURIBOR has been reformed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation, it remains 
uncertain as to how long it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced 
with €STR or an alternative benchmark. 
If a "benchmark" were discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the Rate of Interest on Notes which are linked to or 
referencing such "benchmark" will be determined for the relevant period by the fall-back provisions applicable to 
such Notes (it being specified that if (A) a Benchmark Event (as defined in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)) occurs and, (B) 
in relation to (i) Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR, a Benchmark Transition Event (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iv)(D)) occurs or (ii) in relation to Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA, the SONIA is not available or 
has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors (as more fully described in Conditions 
5(c)(v)(D) to (F)) , a specific fall-back shall apply - please refer to the risk factor entitled "Occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event or discontinuance of SONIA" below). 
Depending on the manner in which a "benchmark" is to be determined under the Terms and Conditions, this may 
(i) if ISDA Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(A), be relying upon the provision by reference 
banks of offered quotations for the relevant "benchmark" which, depending on market circumstances, may not be 
available at the relevant time or (ii) if Screen Rate Determination applies pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), result 
in the effective application of a fixed rate based on the rate which applied for the immediately preceding Interest 
Period for which the "benchmark" was available. Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the market 
value or liquidity of, and return on, any Notes linked to or referencing a "benchmark". 
Regulation (EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 and Regulation 
(EU) 2019/2089 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 as it forms part of domestic 
law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 has amended the existing 
provisions of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation respectively by extending the 
transitional provisions applicable to material benchmarks and third-country benchmarks until the end of 2021. 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation was further amended by Regulation (EU) 2021/168 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 10 February 2021 which introduces a harmonised approach to deal with the cessation or 
wind-down of certain "benchmarks" by conferring the power to designate a statutory replacement for certain 
"benchmarks" on the Commission or the relevant national authority, such replacement being limited to contracts 
and financial instruments. In addition, the transitional provisions applicable to third-country "benchmarks" are 
extended until the end of 2023. The Commission is empowered to further extend this period until the end of 2025, 
if necessary. 
Occurrence of a Benchmark Event or a Benchmark Transition Event or discontinuance of SONIA 
In the case of any Floating Rate Notes to be determined in accordance with a Screen Rate Determination pursuant 
to Condition 5(c)(iii)(B), if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines at any time prior to 
any Interest Determination Date (as defined in Condition 5(a)) that a Benchmark Event (as described in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)) has occurred, the Issuer shall appoint an agent (the "Relevant Rate Determination Agent"), which 
will (i) use the substitute rate or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve bank, monetary authority or 
any similar institution (including any committee or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the Specified 
Currency specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry accepted standards or (ii) if no such 
public selection has occurred, determine a substitute rate or successor rate which is substantially comparable to 
the Relevant Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate (the "Replacement Relevant Rate").  
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is a Replacement Relevant Rate it will be final 
and binding on the Issuer, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders and each Noteholder shall be deemed to 
have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and the related Benchmark Amendments (as defined in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)), unless the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines at a later date that the Replacement 
Relevant Rate is no longer substantially comparable to the Relevant Rate or does not constitute an industry 
accepted successor rate, in which case the Issuer shall appoint a new or re-appoint the previous Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent for the purpose of confirming the Replacement Relevant Rate or determining a substitute 
Replacement Relevant Rate in an identical manner as described above. If the newly appointed or reappointed 
Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise does not determine a substitute Replacement 
Relevant Rate, then the Replacement Relevant Rate will remain unchanged.

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 - 
 
If a Relevant Rate Determination Agent is appointed by the Issuer but for any reason a Replacement Relevant 
Rate has not been determined, the Issuer may decide that no Replacement Relevant Rate or any other successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the Relevant Rate for the relevant Interest 
Period (as defined in Condition 5(a)) in such case will be equal to the last Relevant Rate available on the relevant 
Page (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) as determined by the Calculation Agent, effectively converting 
such Floating Rate Notes into Fixed Rate Notes.  
In addition, in the case of any Floating Rate Notes to be determined in accordance with the SOFR provisions 
pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv)(D), if the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior 
to the relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event (as described in Condition 5(iv)(D)) has 
occurred, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) shall select a Benchmark Replacement which 
will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on 
such date and for all determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will have the right to make 
Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, without any requirement for the consent or 
approval of Noteholders.  
In the case of any Floating Rate Notes to be determined in accordance with the SONIA provisions pursuant to 
Condition 5(c)(v), if the Calculation Agent determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant Screen 
Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA shall be determined 
based on the Bank Rate (as defined in Condition 5(c)(v)) or if such Bank Rate is not available, on the SONIA 
published on the Relevant Screen Page for the first preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was 
published on the Relevant Screen Page. 
If Conditions 5(c)(iv)(D) and 5(c)(v) applicable to SOFR and SONIA respectively fail to provide a means of 
determining the Rate of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) shall apply.  
The Replacement Relevant Rate or the Benchmark Replacement (as applicable) may have no or very limited 
trading history and accordingly its general evolution and/or interaction with other relevant market forces or 
elements may be difficult to determine or measure. In addition, the replacement rate may perform differently from 
the discontinued benchmark. This could significantly affect the performance of an alternative rate compared to 
the historical and expected performance of the relevant benchmark. Any adjustment factor applied to any Series 
of Floating Rate Notes may not adequately compensate for this impact. Any such adjustment could have 
unexpected consequences and, due to the particular circumstances of each Noteholder, any such adjustment may 
not be favourable to each Noteholder. This could in turn impact the rate of interest on, and trading value of, the 
affected Floating Rate Notes. Moreover, any holders of such Floating Rate Notes that enter into hedging 
instruments based on the relevant Page or the Benchmark (as applicable) may find their hedges to be ineffective, 
and they may incur costs replacing such hedges with instruments tied to the Replacement Relevant Rate or the 
Benchmark Replacement (as applicable). 
Any such consequences could have a negative effect on the liquidity and value of, and return on, any such Floating 
Rate Notes. 
 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA and SOFR as reference rates for Floating Rate Notes 
Pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv) and Condition 5(c)(v), the Issuer has the option to issue Notes for which the Rate 
of Interest is Compounded SOFR or SONIA plus or minus a Margin (as specified in the relevant Final Terms). 
The market continues to develop in relation to the Sterling Overnight Index Average ("SONIA") and Secured 
Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as reference rates in the capital markets and their adoption as an alternative 
to Sterling LIBOR and U.S. LIBOR, respectively. In particular, market participants and relevant working groups 
are exploring alternative reference rates based on SONIA and SOFR, including term SONIA and SOFR reference 
rates (which seek to measure the market's forward expectation of an average SONIA and SOFR rate over a 
designated term). The nascent development of Compounded SOFR and SONIA rates as interest reference rates 
for the Eurobond markets, as well as continued development of SONIA and SOFR based rates for such market 
and the market infrastructure for adopting such rates, could result in reduced liquidity or increased volatility or 
could otherwise affect the market price of the Notes. 
The use of Compounded SOFR and SONIA as reference rates for Eurobonds continues to develop both in terms 
of the substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance 
and trading of bonds referencing Compounded SOFR and SONIA.

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 - 
 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA or SOFR that differs significantly 
from that set out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future 
issue Notes referencing SONIA or SOFR that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared 
with the Notes. In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA or SOFR reference rate in the 
Eurobond markets may differ materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA or SOFR in other 
markets, such as the derivatives SONIA or SOFR and loan markets. Any mismatch between the adoption of 
SONIA or SOFR reference rate across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements 
which the Noteholders may put in place in connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes 
referencing Compounded SOFR or SONIA. 
SONIA and SOFR differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects and have a limited history 
The Issuer may issue Floating Rate Notes that are calculated by reference to LIBOR (pursuant to Condition 
5(c)(iii)), SOFR (pursuant to Condition 5(c)(iv)) or SONIA (pursuant to Condition 5(c)(v)). Compounded SOFR 
and SONIA differ from LIBOR in a number of material respects, including that Compounded SOFR and SONIA 
are backwards-looking, compounded, risk-free overnight rates, whereas LIBOR is expressed on the basis of a 
forward-looking term and includes a risk-element based on inter-bank lending. As such, LIBOR, SONIA and 
SOFR may behave materially differently as interest reference rates for the Notes. Furthermore, SOFR is a secured 
rate that represents overnight secured funding transactions, and therefore will perform differently over time to 
LIBOR which is an unsecured rate. Since publication of SOFR began on 3 April 2018, daily changes in SOFR 
have, on occasion, been more volatile than daily changes in comparable benchmarks or other market rates. 
Publication of SONIA and SOFR began on 3 April 2018 and they therefore have a limited history. The future 
performance of SONIA and SOFR may therefore be difficult to predict based on the limited historical 
performance. The level of SONIA and SOFR during the term of the Notes may bear little or no relation to the 
historical level of SONIA or SOFR. Prior observed patterns, if any, in the behaviour of market variables and their 
relation to SONIA and SOFR such as correlations, may change in the future.  
Furthermore, the Rate of Interest is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference Period 
and immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate 
reliably the amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling 
to trade such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity 
of the Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an 
Event of Default under Condition 9, or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest Payment 
Date, the final Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a shortened 
period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
The administrator of SONIA or SOFR may make changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR or 
discontinue SONIA or SOFR 
In relation to any Notes linked to SONIA or SOFR, the Bank of England (or any successor) and the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor), as administrator of SONIA or SOFR respectively, may after the 
relevant Issue Date make methodological or other changes that could change the value of SONIA or SOFR, 
including changes related to the method by which SONIA or SOFR is calculated, eligibility criteria applicable to 
the transactions used to calculate SONIA or SOFR, or timing related to the publication of SONIA or SOFR. In 
addition, the relevant administrator may after the relevant Issue Date alter, discontinue or suspend calculation or 
dissemination of SONIA or SOFR (in which case the fallback methods of determining the Rate of Interest on the 
Notes specified in Conditions 5(c)(iv), 5(c)(v) or 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) will apply). The relevant administrator has no 
obligation to consider the interests of Noteholders when calculating, adjusting, converting, revising or 
discontinuing SONIA or SOFR. 
Zero Coupon Notes are subject to higher price fluctuations than non-discounted notes 
 
The Terms and Conditions allow the Issuer to issue zero coupon Notes ("Zero Coupon Notes") (see Condition 
5(d)). Changes in market interest rates have a substantially stronger impact on the prices of Zero Coupon Notes 
than on the prices of ordinary notes because the discounted issues prices are substantially below par. If market 
interest rates increase, Zero Coupon Notes can suffer higher prices losses than other notes having the same 
maturity and credit rating. Due to their leverage effect, Zero Coupon Notes are a type of investment associated 
with a particularly high price risk and Noteholders may, as a result, lose all or part of their investment in the Zero 
Coupon Notes. Therefore, in similar market conditions the holders of Zero Coupon Notes could be subject to

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 - 
 
higher losses on their investments than the holders of other instruments such as Fixed Rate or Floating Rate Notes. 
It is difficult to anticipate future market volatility in interest rates, but any such volatility may have a significant 
negative effect on the value of the Zero Coupon Notes. 
(ii) Early Redemption Risks 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity at the option of the Issuer, if provided for in any Final Terms for a 
particular issue of Notes 
The Final Terms for a particular issue of Notes may provide for early redemption at the option of the Issuer, 
including a Call Option as described in Condition 6(c)(i), a Make-Whole Redemption as described in Condition 
6(c)(ii), a Clean-up Call Option as described in Condition 6(c)(iv) and a redemption in the event of a Rate of 
Interest Increase Event as described in Condition 6(d). Such right of early redemption is often provided for bonds 
or notes in periods of high interest rates. If the market interest rates decrease, the risk to Noteholders that the 
Issuer will exercise its right of termination increases. As a consequence, the yields received upon redemption may 
be lower than expected, and the redeemed face amount of the Notes may be lower than the purchase price for the 
Notes paid by such Noteholder. As a consequence, part of the capital invested by the Noteholder may be lost, so 
that such Noteholder in such case would not receive the total amount of the capital invested. In addition, investors 
that choose to reinvest monies they receive through an early redemption may be able to do so only in securities 
with a lower yield than the redeemed Notes. 
Any optional redemption feature where the Issuer is given the right to redeem the Notes early might negatively 
affect the market value of such Notes. During any period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also 
may be true prior to any redemption period. Furthermore, since the Issuer may be expected to redeem the Notes 
when prevailing interest rates are relatively low, an investor might not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds 
at an effective interest rate as high as the return that would have been received on such Notes had they not been 
redeemed. 
In particular, with respect to the Clean-Up Call Option at the option of the Issuer (Condition 6(c)(iv)), there is no 
obligation on the Issuer to inform investors if and when the 80 per cent. threshold referred to therein has been 
reached or is about to be reached, and the Issuer's right to redeem will exist notwithstanding that immediately 
prior to the serving of a notice in respect of the exercise of the Clean-Up Call Option at the option of the Issuer 
the Notes may have been trading significantly above par, thus potentially resulting in a loss of capital invested or 
lower than expected returns. 
A partial redemption at the option of the Issuer or the Noteholders in respect of certain Notes may affect the 
liquidity of the Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised 
Depending on the number of Notes in respect of which a partial redemption of the Notes at the option of the Issuer 
provided in Conditions 6(c)(i), Condition 6(c)(ii) or 6(d) or at the option of the Noteholders provided in Condition 
6(e) is made, any trading market in respect of those Notes in respect of which such option is not exercised may 
become illiquid. which, depending on the extent of the illiquidity, may have a direct and significant impact on any 
remaining Noteholders seeking to dispose of their Notes. In addition, investors may not be able to reinvest the 
moneys they receive upon such early redemption in securities with the same yield as the redeemed Notes. 
The Notes may be redeemed prior to maturity for tax reasons 
In the event that pursuant to Condition 8(b) the Issuer would be obliged to increase the amounts payable in respect 
of any Notes due to any withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, duties, 
assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or 
on behalf of France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, the Issuer may, and in certain 
circumstances must, redeem all outstanding Notes in accordance with Condition 6(g). 
(iii) Risks relating to Renminbi-denominated Notes 
Renminbi is not freely convertible; there are significant restrictions on the remittance of Renminbi into and out of 
the People's Republic of China (the "PRC"); there is only limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC; each 
of which may affect the liquidity of the Notes denominated in Renminbi (the "RMB Notes") and the Issuer's ability 
to source Renminbi out of the PRC to service RMB Notes.

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 - 
 
The applicable Final Terms in relation to any Series of Notes may specify that the Notes are denominated in 
Renminbi. Renminbi is not freely convertible at present. The government of the PRC (the "PRC Government") 
continues to regulate conversion between Renminbi and other currencies. 
Although the People’s Bank of China ("PBoC") has implemented policies improving accessibility to Renminbi to 
settle cross-border transactions in the past, the PRC Government may not liberalise control over cross-border 
remittance of Renminbi in the future, the schemes for Renminbi cross-border utilisation may be discontinued or 
new regulations in the PRC may be promulgated in the future which have the effect of restricting or eliminating 
the remittance of Renminbi into or out of the PRC. Despite the efforts in recent years to internationalise the 
currency, the PRC Government may impose interim or long-term restrictions on the cross-border remittance of 
Renminbi.  
In the event that funds cannot be remitted out of the PRC in Renminbi, the overall availability of Renminbi outside 
the PRC and the ability of the Issuer to source Renminbi to finance its obligations under the RMB Notes may be 
adversely affected. 
As a result of the restrictions by the PRC Government on cross-border Renminbi fund flows, the availability of 
Renminbi outside the PRC is limited.  
Although the offshore Renminbi market is expected to grow in depth and size, this is subject to constraints 
imposed by PRC laws and regulations on foreign exchange. New PRC law and regulations may be promulgated 
or the settlement arrangements between the PBoC and certain financial institutions in respect of limited clearing 
of Renminbi outside of the PRC may be terminated or amended in the future, each of which may have the effect 
of restricting availability of Renminbi outside the PRC. The limited availability of Renminbi outside the PRC may 
affect the liquidity of its RMB Notes. To the extent the Issuer is required to source Renminbi outside the PRC to 
service the RMB Notes, the Issuer may not be able to source such Renminbi on satisfactory terms, if at all. Should 
the Issuer resort to using another currency, such as US Dollar, to respect its payment obligations under the RMB 
Notes, the relevant Noteholders may lose part of their investment when converting such currency back into 
Renminbi, depending on the prevailing exchange rate at that time.

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 - 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE  
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the documents incorporated by reference 
(the "Documents Incorporated by Reference", as further described below), which have been filed with the 
Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier ("CSSF") and shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference 
in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the French language Document 
d'enregistrement universel of Imerys filed with the Autorité des marchés financiers ("AMF") on 24 
March 
2020 
under 
n° D.20-164 
(the 
"2019 
Universal 
Registration 
Document"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2020/03/30/IMERYS_DEU%202019_3.pdf); 
(b) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the French language Document 
d'enregistrement universel of Imerys filed with the AMF on 22 March 2021 under n° D.21-0167 (the 
"2020 
Universal 
Registration 
Document"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2021/03/23/IMERYS-DEU-2020-FR-RAPPORT-
FINANCIER-ANNUEL.pdf);  
(c) 
the sections identified in the cross-reference table below of the French language Communiqué de presse 
of Imerys dated 29 April 2021 relating to the non-audited quarterly information at 31 March 2021 (the 
"2021 
Q1 
Press 
Release"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2021/04/29/imerys-
communique-de-presse-resultats-t1-29-avril-2021.pdf); 
(d) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus dated 9 June 2017 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2017 
Conditions"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2019/05/16/Imerys_Euro%20Medium%20Term%20No
te%20Programme%20_09_06_2017_EN.pdf); 
(e) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus dated 10 June 2016 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2016 
Conditions"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2019/05/16/Imerys_Euro%20Medium%20Term%20No
te%20Programme%20_Base_Prospectus_30_03_2016_EN.pdf); 
(f) 
the section "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" contained in the base prospectus dated 15 May 2014 
relating to the Programme under the heading "Terms and Conditions of the Notes" (the "2014 
Conditions" and, together with the 2016 Conditions and the 2017 Conditions, the "EMTN Previous 
Conditions"; 
https://www.imerys.com/sites/imerys.com/files/2020/06/04/Imerys_Euro%20Medium%20Term%20No
te%20Programme_Base%20Prospectus_15%2005%202014.pdf); and 
 
So long as Notes may be issued pursuant this Base Prospectus, this Base Prospectus and all Documents 
Incorporated by Reference will be available on the websites of (i) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu) and (ii) Imerys (www.imerys.com). 
Other than in relation to the Documents Incorporated by Reference, the information on the websites to which this 
Base Prospectus (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any information on the websites which appear in the 
Documents Incorporated by Reference) refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been 
scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The EMTN Previous Conditions are incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus for the 
purpose only of any further issuances of Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single Series with Notes 
already issued under the EMTN Previous Conditions. 
The documents incorporated by reference in the 2020 Universal Registration Document and in the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document are not incorporated by reference and do not form part of this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 - 
Free English language translations of the 2019 Universal Registration Document, the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document and the 2021 Q1 Press Release are available, for information purpose only, on the website of the Issuer 
at the following address (https://www.imerys.com/finance/finance/publications-regulated-information). For the 
avoidance of doubt, the English language translations of the 2019 Universal Registration Document, the 2020 
Universal Registration Document and the 2021 Q1 Press Release do not form part of this Base Prospectus.  
For the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus 
to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 June 
2017, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"), the pages of the Documents 
Incorporated by Reference in this Base Prospectus are set out in the cross-reference tables below. For the 
avoidance of doubt, the information requested to be disclosed by the Issuer as a result of the relevant annexes of 
the Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980 supplementing the EU Prospectus Regulation as regards 
the format, content, scrutiny and approval of the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the 
public or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 March 2019 and not referred to in the cross-reference 
tables below is either contained in the relevant sections of this Base Prospectus or is not relevant to the investors. 
Any information contained in the Documents Incorporated by Reference which is not incorporated by reference 
in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Cross-reference table in respect of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, the 2019 Universal 
Registration Document and the 2021 Q1 Press Release 
 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page numbers in the relevant document 
3. 
RISK FACTORS 
3.1 
A description of the material risks that are 
specific to the Issuer and that may affect 
the Issuer's ability to fulfil its obligations 
under the securities, in a limited number 
of categories, in a section headed "Risk 
Factors". 
In each category the most material risks, 
in the assessment of the Issuer, offeror or 
person asking for admission to trading on 
a regulated market, taking into account 
the negative impact on the issuer and the 
probability of their occurrence, shall be 
set out first. The risk factors shall be 
corroborated by the content of the 
registration document. 
38 to 43 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
4. 
INFORMATION ABOUT THE ISSUER 
4.1 
History and development of the Issuer 
4.1.1 
The legal and commercial name of the 
Issuer 
282 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.2 
The place of registration of the Issuer, its 
registration number and legal entity 
identifier ("LEI"). 
282 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.3 
The date of incorporation and length of 
life of the Issuer, except where the period 
is indefinite. 
282 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 - 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page numbers in the relevant document 
4.1.4 
The domicile and legal form of the Issuer, 
the legislation under which the Issuer 
operates, its country of incorporation, the 
address, telephone number of its 
registered office (or principal place of 
business if different from its registered 
office) and website of the Issuer, if any, 
with a disclaimer that the information on 
the website does not form part of the 
prospectus unless that information is 
incorporated by reference into the 
prospectus. 
282 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
4.1.5 
Any recent events particular to the Issuer 
and which are to a material extent relevant 
to the evaluation of the Issuer's solvency. 
156 and 162 of 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
1 to 6 of the 2021 Q1 Press Release 
5. 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
5.1 
Principal activities  
5.1.1 
A brief description of the Issuer's 
principal activities stating the main 
categories of products sold and/or services 
performed. 
6 to 19 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
5.1.2 
The basis for any statements made by the 
Issuer regarding its competitive position. 
14 to 16 and 18 to 19 of 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
6. 
ORGANISATIONAL STRUCTURE 
6.1 
If the Issuer is part of a group, a brief 
description of the group and the Issuer's 
position within the group. This may be in 
the form of, or accompanied by, a diagram 
of the organisational structure if this helps 
to clarify the structure.  
6 to 19 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
9. 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT, AND SUPERVISORY BODIES  
9.1 
Names, business addresses and functions 
within the Issuer of the following persons 
and an indication of the principal 
activities performed by them outside of 
that Issuer where these are significant 
with respect to that Issuer: 
(a) members of the administrative, 
management or supervisory bodies; 
102 to 135 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
9.2 
Administrative, management, and 
supervisory bodies conflicts of interests 
108, 247 to 248, 279, 293 and 301 of 2020 
Universal Registration Document

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 - 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page numbers in the relevant document 
Potential conflicts of interests between 
any duties to the Issuer, of the persons 
referred to in item 9.1, and their private 
interests and or other duties must be 
clearly stated. In the event that there are 
no such conflicts, a statement to that 
effect must be made. 
10. 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
10.1 
To the extent known to the Issuer, state 
whether the Issuer is directly or indirectly 
owned or controlled and by whom and 
describe the nature of such control and 
describe the measures in place to ensure 
that such control is not abused. 
267, 292 and 297 of 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
11. 
FINANCIAL INFORMATION CONCERNING THE ISSUER'S ASSETS AND 
LIABILITIES, FINANCIAL POSITION AND PROFITS AND LOSSES 
11.1 
Historical financial information 
 
11.1.1 
Consolidated financial statements 2020: 
Balance sheet: 171 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Income statement: 170 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Accounting policies: 177 to 179 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Explanatory notes: 180 to 250 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Auditors' report relating to the above: 270 to 274 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2020: 
Balance sheet: 252 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Income statement: 251 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Accounting policies: 254 to 257 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Explanatory notes: 257 to 269 of 2020 Universal Registration Document 
Auditors' report relating to the above: 275 to 278 of 2020 Universal Registration 
Document 
Consolidated financial statements 2019: 
Balance sheet: 172 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Income statement: 170 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Accounting policies: 178 to 185 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Explanatory notes: 186 to 251 of 2019 Universal Registration Document

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 - 
 
Information incorporated by reference 
Page numbers in the relevant document 
Auditors' report relating to the above: 270 to 275 of 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
Non-consolidated financial statements 2019: 
Balance sheet: 253 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Income statement: 252 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Accounting policies: 255 to 258 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Explanatory notes: 258 to 269 of 2019 Universal Registration Document 
Auditors' report relating to the above: 276 to 279 of 2019 Universal Registration 
Document 
 
11.3 
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
 
11.3.1 
Information on any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any 
such proceedings which are pending or 
threatened of which the Issuer is aware), 
during a period covering at least the 
previous 12 months which may have, or 
have had in the recent past significant 
effects on the Issuer and/or group's 
financial position or profitability, or 
provide an appropriate negative statement. 
224 and 225 of 2020 Universal 
Registration Document 
2 of the 2021 Q1 Press Release 
 
Cross-reference list in respect of the EMTN Previous Conditions 
 
2017 Conditions 
35 to 63 of base prospectus dated 9 June 2017 
2016 Conditions 
38 to 66 of base prospectus dated 10 June 2016 
2014 Conditions 
35 to 62 of base prospectus dated 15 May 2014

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 - 
SUPPLEMENT TO THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
If at any time the Issuer shall be required to prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus pursuant to the provisions 
of Article 23 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to 
be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 June 
2017, as may be amended from time to time (the "EU Prospectus Regulation") following the occurrence of a 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Base 
Prospectus which may affect the assessment of any Notes, the Issuer will prepare and make available an 
appropriate supplement to this Base Prospectus, which in respect of any subsequent issue of Notes to be listed on 
the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange or on a Regulated Market of a Member State of the European Economic Area, shall 
constitute a supplement to this Base Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant provisions of the EU Prospectus 
Regulation. 
The Issuer shall submit such supplement to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier in Luxembourg 
for approval.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 - 
DESCRIPTION OF IMERYS 
The description of the Issuer is set out in the 2020 Universal Registration Document of the Issuer for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 incorporated by reference herein (see section "Document Incorporated by Reference").

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 - 
RECENT DEVELOPMENTS 
1. 
Net financial debt as of 31 March 2021: 
Net financial debt of the Group totalled ca. €1.556,2 million as of 31 March 2021, of which €204,2 million of 
lease liabilities under IFRS 16. 
2. 
On 6 May 2021, the Issuer published the following press release: 
IMERYS SUCCESSFULLY LAUNCHES ITS FIRST SUSTAINABILITY-LINKED BOND 
FOR €300 MILLION 
Imerys, the world leader in mineral-based specialty solutions for industry, today launched a €300 million 
sustainability-linked bond with an annual coupon of 1% maturing in 2031. With this bond, the Group confirms it 
is fully committed to reducing carbon emissions and to achieving its broader sustainability ambition. 
Sébastien Rouge, Chief Financial Officer: "We are proud to have launched our first sustainability-linked bond. 
The success of this operation exceeded our expectations with an order book in excess of €1.3 billion, which 
corresponds to an oversubscription of more than 4x. It allows us to optimize our debt profile and, at the same time, 
to demonstrate the strength of our long term CSR commitments, in particular in reducing greenhouse gas 
emissions." 
Leah Wilson, Corporate Social Responsibility Vice President: "Climate change is a global issue and a priority 
CSR theme for Imerys since 2017. We have already achieved tangible results thanks to efforts to integrate climate 
considerations into all our processes, for example with the introduction of an internal carbon price in our capital 
expenditure projects. The launch of this Sustainability-Linked Bond is an important milestone in the ramp up of 
our CSR program, SustainAgility, by ensuring that our CSR commitment is embedded across all our business 
operations and that we are driving continuous improvement." 
The target Imerys has committed to achieving is a reduction of its greenhouse gas emissions by 22.9% in 2025 
and 36.0% in 2030 relative to revenue (tCO2/M€) from a 2018 base year, as validated by the Science Based Target 
initiative (SBTi). This includes Scope 1 emissions (direct emissions from sources owned or controlled by Imerys) 
and Scope 2 emissions (indirect emissions from the production of electricity, heat or steam imported or purchased 
by the Group). Bond investors will receive a premium payment, should the company not meet its objectives in 
2025 and 2030. Imerys will report annually on its performance against these key objectives in its Universal 
Registration Document. 
Cicero Shades of Green, a leading provider of Second Opinions on green bond frameworks, gave a Second Party 
Opinion (SPO) validating the robustness and relevance of the company’s greenhouse gas emission intensity 
reduction target in the context of this bond. They confirmed the alignment of Imerys’ Sustainability-Linked 
Financing Framework with the Sustainability-Linked Bond Principles, which are published by the International 
Capital Markets Association (ICMA). 
Imerys is rated B by CDP, above the industry average (C), Platinum by Ecovadis, AA by MSCI and 37th out of 
122 by Sustainalytics. 
The world leader in mineral-based specialty solutions for industry, with €3.8 billion revenue and 16,400 
employees in 2020, Imerys delivers high value-added, functional solutions to diversified set of industrial sectors, 
from processing industries to consumer goods. The Group draws on its knowledge of applications, technological 
expertise and its material science know-how to deliver solutions based on beneficiation of its mineral resources, 
synthetic minerals and formulations. These contribute essential properties to customers’ products and 
performance, including refractoriness, hardness, conductivity, opacity, durability, purity, lightness, filtration, 
absorption and repellency. Imerys is determined to develop responsibly, in particular by fostering the emergence 
of environmentally-friendly products and processes.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 - 
3. 
On 10 May 2021, the Issuer published the following press release: 
SUMMARY OF THE ORDINARY AND EXTRAORDINARY SHAREHOLDERS' GENERAL 
MEETING OF MAY 10, 2021 
The Shareholders' General Meeting of Imerys (the "Company") held today and chaired by the Chairman of the 
Board, Patrick Kron, approved all the resolutions presented by the Board of Directors. 
This Shareholders' General Meeting was held behind closed doors, without the physical presence of its 
shareholders and other persons entitled to attend, at Studio Digital Euronext, 8 place de l'Opéra, 75009 Paris, 
in accordance with in particular provisions set out in Ordinance No 2020-321 of 25 March 2020 and Decree No 
2020-418 of 10 April 2020, as extended and amended, and with Decree No 2021-296 of 19 March 2021. The 
meeting was broadcast live in video format on the Company's website. 
Approval of the 2020 financial statements 
The Shareholders' General Meeting has approved the statutory and consolidated financial statements for 2020, 
which reported a net income from current operations, Group share, of €167 million. 
Dividend 
The Shareholders' General Meeting decided to pay a €1.15 dividend per share for fiscal year 2020, representing 
57% of the net income from current operations, Group share. The dividend will be paid out on May 17, 2021. 
Governance 
The Shareholders' General Meeting also approved: 
• 
the compensation policies of corporate officers for 2021, as well as all the components of the compensation 
and benefits of all kind paid in or granted for the 2020 financial year to Alessandro Dazza, Chief Executive 
Officer since February 17, 2020 and to Patrick Kron, Chairman of the Board since June 25, 2019 and interim 
Chief Executive Officer from October 21, 2019 to February 16, 2020; 
• 
the re-appointment for a 3-year term of Patrick Kron and Marie-Françoise Walbaum as directors; and 
• 
the appointment for a 3-year term of Paris Kyriacopoulos as director.  
As of today, the Board of Directors is made up of 10 directors, including 6 independent directors (i.e. 60%) and 4 
female directors (i.e. 40%), and 2 employee representative directors. Furthermore, the term of office of Laurent 
Raets as non-voting observer was renewed during the Board of Directors held today. 
Share buyback and cancellation of treasury shares 
The Shareholders' General Meeting also approved the renewal of the share buyback program under the same terms 
and conditions than the current program and of the authorization granted in favor of the Board of Directors to 
cancel all or part of treasury shares, representing up to 10% of the Company's share capital per 24-month period. 
Financial authorizations 
The Shareholders' General Meeting also approved the renewal of a number of financial authorizations in favor of 
the Board of Directors, granted most recently by the Ordinary and Extraordinary Shareholders' Meetings held on 
May 10, 2019 and May 4, 2020 which enables it to increase the Company's share capital by issuing shares or 
securities conferring entitlement to the Company's share capital. These authorizations are renewed under the same 
terms and conditions, including overall caps, for a 26-month period. Furthermore, the Board of Directors cannot 
exercise these authorizations during a public offer for the Company's shares. As the Shareholders' Meeting has 
been asked to approve the renewal of a number of financial authorizations that may lead to increases on one or 
several occasions in the Company's share capital, shareholders were asked to renew the delegation of authority to 
carry out capital increases reserved for employees who are members of a Company or Group savings plan for a

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 - 
period of 26 months. Increases as a result of exercising this delegation is subject to an overall cap of €1.6 million, 
unchanged from previous authorization.  
Voting results per resolution as well as the presentation of the Shareholders' General Meeting are available on the 
Company's website: https://www.imerys.com/finance/finance/shareholders-corner. The Shareholders' Meeting 
will be also rebroadcast on the Company's website (www.imerys.com).   
Financial agenda 
July 27, 2021 
H1 2021 Results 
November 2, 2021 
Q3 2021 Results 
 
These dates are subject to any further updates as provided on the Company's website www.imerys.com, under the 
Investors and analysts -  financial agenda section.  
The world leader in mineral-based specialty solutions for industry, with €3.8 billion revenue and 16,400 
employees in 2020, Imerys delivers high value-added, functional solutions to diversified set of industrial sectors, 
from processing industries to consumer goods. The Group draws on its knowledge of applications, technological 
expertise and its material science know-how to deliver solutions based on beneficiation of its mineral resources, 
synthetic minerals and formulations. These contribute essential properties to customers' products and 
performance, including refractoriness, hardness, conductivity, opacity, durability, purity, lightness, filtration, 
absorption and repellency. Imerys is determined to develop responsibly, in particular by fostering the emergence 
of environmentally-friendly products and processes.

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 - 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following developments consist of the text of the terms and conditions that, subject to completion in 
accordance with the provisions of the relevant Final Terms, shall be applicable to the Notes. In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the text of the terms and conditions will not be endorsed on physical documents of title but 
will be constituted by the following text as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the case of Materialised 
Notes, either (I) the full text of these terms and conditions together with the relevant provisions of the Final Terms 
or (II) these terms and conditions as so completed (and subject to simplification by the deletion of non-applicable 
provisions), shall be endorsed on Definitive Materialised Notes (as defined hereunder). All capitalised terms that 
are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to them in the relevant Final Terms. References 
in the Conditions to "Notes" are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under the 
Programme. 
The Notes are issued by Imerys (the "Issuer" or "Imerys") with the benefit of an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated 21 June 2021 between the Issuer, BNP Paribas Securities Services as fiscal agent and the other 
agents named in it (as amended and supplemented, the "Agency Agreement"). The fiscal agent, the paying agents, 
the calculation agent(s) or the quotation agent for the time being (if any) are referred to below respectively as the 
"Fiscal Agent", the "Paying Agents" (which expression shall include the Fiscal Agent), the "Calculation 
Agent(s)" and the "Quotation Agent".  
References below to "Conditions" are, unless the context requires otherwise, to the numbered paragraphs below. 
"Regulated Market" means any regulated market situated in a Member State of the European Economic Area 
("EEA") as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in 
financial instruments of 15 May 2014, as amended, appearing on the list of regulated markets issued by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority. 
1. 
Form, Denomination(s) and Title 
(a) 
Form: Notes may be issued either in dematerialised form ("Dematerialised Notes") or in materialised 
form ("Materialised Notes"). 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes will be evidenced in accordance with Articles L.211-3 et seq and 
R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier by book entries (inscriptions en compte). No 
physical document of title (including certificats représentatifs provided under Article R.211-7 
of the French Code monétaire et financier) will be issued in respect of the Dematerialised Notes. 
Dematerialised Notes are issued, at the option of the Issuer, in either bearer form (au porteur), 
which will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France ("Euroclear France") which shall 
credit the accounts of Account Holders, or in registered form (au nominatif) and, in such latter 
case, at the option of the relevant holder in either administered registered form (au nominatif 
administré) inscribed in the books of an Account Holder or in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) inscribed in an account in the books of Euroclear France maintained by the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent (designated in the relevant Final Terms) acting on behalf of the Issuer. 
For the purpose of these Conditions, "Account Holder" means any authorised financial 
intermediary institution entitled, either directly or indirectly, to hold accounts on behalf of its 
customers with Euroclear France, and includes Euroclear Bank SA/NV ("Euroclear") and the 
depositary bank for Clearstream Banking, S.A. ("Clearstream"). 
(ii) 
Materialised Notes are issued in bearer form. Materialised Notes in definitive form ("Definitive 
Materialised Notes") are serially numbered and are issued with coupons (the "Coupons") (and, 
where appropriate, a talon (the "Talon")) attached, save in the case of Zero Coupon Notes in 
which case references to interest (other than in relation to interest due after the Maturity Date), 
Coupons and Talons in these Conditions are not applicable. Instalment Notes are issued with 
one or more receipts (the "Receipts") attached. 
 
In accordance with Article L.211-3 et seq and R.211-1 of the French Code monétaire et 
financier, securities (such as Notes) which are governed by French law and are in materialised 
form must be issued outside the French territory.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 - 
(b) 
Denomination(s): Notes shall be issued in the specified denomination(s) as set out in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Specified Denomination(s)"), save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted 
to trading on a Regulated Market in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to be 
published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 
June 2017, as may be amended from time to time, will be no less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any 
other currency), or such higher amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant 
monetary authority or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified Currency. 
Dematerialised Notes shall be issued in one Specified Denomination only. 
(c) 
Title: 
(i) 
Title to Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur) and in administered registered form 
(au nominatif administré) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes may only be effected 
through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of Account Holders. Title to Dematerialised 
Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) shall pass upon, and transfer of such Notes 
may only be effected through, registration of the transfer in the accounts of the Issuer or the 
Registration Agent. 
(ii) 
Title to Materialised Notes in definitive form having, where appropriate, Coupons, Receipt(s) 
and/or a Talon attached thereto on issue, shall pass by delivery. 
(iii) 
Except as ordered by a court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law, the holder (as 
defined below) of any Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon shall be deemed to be and may be treated 
as its absolute owner for all purposes, whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice 
of ownership, or an interest in it, any writing on it or its theft or loss and no person shall be 
liable for so treating the holder. 
(iv) 
In these Conditions, "holder" or "Noteholder" means (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, 
the person whose name appears in the account of the relevant Account Holder or the Issuer or 
the Registration Agent (as the case may be) as being entitled to such Notes and (ii) in the case 
of Materialised Notes, the bearer of any Definitive Materialised Note and the Receipts, 
Coupons, or Talon relating to it, and capitalised terms have the meanings given to them in the 
relevant Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is not 
applicable to the Notes. 
(d) 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The Notes will be issued in series 
(each a "Series") having one or more issue dates and on terms otherwise identical (or identical other than 
in respect of the first payment of interest and the issue price), the Notes of each Series being intended to 
be interchangeable with all other Notes of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
"Tranche") on the same or different issue dates. The specific terms of each Tranche (which, save in 
respect of the issue date, issue price, first payment of interest and nominal amount of the Tranche, will 
be identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
2. 
Conversion and Exchanges of Notes 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes 
(i) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in bearer form (au porteur) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in registered form, whether in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) or 
in administered registered form (au nominatif administré). 
(ii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in registered form (au nominatif) may not be converted into 
Dematerialised Notes in bearer form (au porteur). 
(iii) 
Dematerialised Notes issued in fully registered form (au nominatif pur) may, at the option of 
the holder, be converted into Notes in administered registered form (au nominatif administré), 
and vice versa. The exercise of any such option by such holder shall be made in accordance

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 - 
with Article R.211-4 of the French Code monétaire et financier. Any such conversion shall be 
effected at the cost of such holder. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes 
Materialised Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Materialised Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
3. 
Status 
The Notes and, where applicable, any relative Receipts and Coupons relating to them are direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the provisions of Condition 4) unsecured obligations of 
the Issuer and rank and will at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among themselves 
and (subject to such exceptions as are from time to time mandatory under French law) equally and 
rateably with all other present or future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
4. 
Negative Pledge 
So long as any of the Notes or, if applicable, any Receipts or Coupons relating to them, remains 
outstanding (as defined above), the Issuer will not create or permit to subsist any mortgage, charge, 
pledge or other security interest upon any of its assets or revenues, present or future, to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below) unless, by the same date the obligations of the Issuer resulting 
from the Notes, and, if applicable, the Receipts and Coupons are equally and rateably secured therewith 
or benefit from a security or guarantee or indemnity in substantially identical terms thereto to the extent 
permitted by French or other applicable laws or regulations.  
For the purposes of this Condition: 
(i) 
"outstanding" means, in relation to the Notes of any Series, all the Notes issued other than (a) 
those that have been redeemed in accordance with the Conditions, (b) those in respect of which 
the date for redemption has occurred and the redemption moneys (including all interest accrued 
on such Notes to the date for such redemption and any interest payable after such date) have 
been duly paid (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer form and in administered 
registered form, to the relevant Account Holders on behalf of the holder as provided in 
Condition 7(a), (ii) in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form, to the account 
of the holder as provided in Condition 7(a) and (iii) in the case of Materialised Notes, to the 
Fiscal Agent as provided in the Agency Agreement and remain available for payment against 
presentation and surrender of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts and/or Coupons, as the 
case may be, (c) those which have become void or in respect of which claims have become 
prescribed, (d) those that have been repurchased and cancelled as provided in the Conditions, 
and (e) in the case of Materialised Notes (i) those mutilated or defaced Definitive Materialised 
Notes that have been surrendered in exchange for replacement Definitive Materialised Notes, 
(ii) (for the purpose only of determining how many such Definitive Materialised Notes are 
outstanding and without prejudice to their status for any other purpose) those Definitive 
Materialised Notes alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed and in respect of which 
replacement Definitive Materialised Notes have been issued and (iii) any Temporary Global 
Certificate to the extent that it shall have been exchanged for one or more Definitive 
Materialised Notes, pursuant to its provisions. 
(ii) 
"Relevant Indebtedness" means any indebtedness for borrowed money represented by notes 
or other assimilated debt securities, with a maturity of more than one year which are for the time 
being, or are capable of being, listed on any stock exchange. For the avoidance of doubt, such 
Relevant Indebtedness does not include indebtedness for borrowed money arising under loan or 
credit facility agreements. 
5. 
Interest and other Calculations 
(a) 
Definitions: In these Conditions, unless the context otherwise requires, the following defined terms shall 
have the meanings set out below:

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 - 
"Benchmark" means the reference rate as set out in the relevant Final Terms among EURIBOR, LIBOR, 
EUR CMS, SONIA and SOFR (or any successor or replacement rate as provided in Condition 
5(c)(iii)(B)(d), Condition 5(c)(iv)(D) or Condition 5(c)(v)(D) to (F), as applicable); 
"Business Day" means: 
(i) 
in the case of Euro, a day on which the Trans European Automated Real Time Gross Settlement 
Express Transfer (known as TARGET2) System or any system which would be its successor 
thereto (the "TARGET System") is operating (a "TARGET Business Day"); and/or 
(ii) 
in the case of a Specified Currency other than Euro or Renminbi, a day (other than a Saturday 
or Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in the 
principal financial centre for that currency; and/or 
(iii) 
in relation to any sum payable in Renminbi, a day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets settle payments in Renminbi in Hong Kong and in the relevant Business 
Centre(s) (if any); and/or 
(iv) 
in the case of a Specified Currency and/or one or more additional business centre(s) specified 
in the relevant Final Terms (the "Business Centre(s)"), a day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in such 
currency in the Additional Financial Centre(s) or, if no currency is indicated, generally in each 
of the Additional Financial Centres so specified; 
"Day Count Fraction" means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Note for any 
period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) (whether or not 
constituting an Interest Period, the "Calculation Period"): 
(a) 
if "Actual/365" or "Actual/Actual - ISDA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365);  
(b) 
if "Actual/Actual-ICMA" is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(i) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during 
which it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of 
(x) the number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of 
Determination Periods normally ending in any year; and 
(ii) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
 
(x)  
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally 
ending in any year, 
where 
"Determination Date" means the date specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if none 
is so specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
"Determination Period" means the period from and including a Determination Date 
in any year to but excluding the next Determination Date;

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 - 
(iii) 
if "Actual/365 (Fixed)" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(iv) 
if "Actual/360" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if "30/360", "360/360" or "Bonds Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be 
calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months (unless (a) the last 
day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day of a month but the first day of the 
Calculation Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of a month, in which case 
the month that includes that last day shall not be considered to be shortened to a 30-
day month, or (b) the last day of the Calculation Period is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month)); and 
(vi) 
if "30E/360" or "Eurobond Basis" is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of days to be calculated 
on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months, without regard to the date 
of the first day or last day of the Calculation Period unless, in the case of a Calculation 
Period ending on the Maturity Date, the Maturity Date is the last day of the month of 
February, in which case the month of February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month); 
"Effective Date" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined on an Interest Determination 
Date, the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the first day of the 
Interest Accrual Period to which such Interest Determination Date relates; 
"Euro-zone" means the region comprised of Member States of the European Union that adopt the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended; 
"Interest Accrual Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date and ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Period Date and each successive period beginning 
on (and including) an Interest Period Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest 
Period Date; 
"Interest Amount" means the amount of interest payable, and in the case of Fixed Rate Notes, means 
the Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount, as the case may be; 
"Interest Commencement Date" means the Issue Date (as defined in the applicable Final Terms) or 
such other date as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Determination Date" means, with respect to a Rate of Interest and Interest Accrual Period, 
the date specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, (i) the day falling two 
(2) TARGET Business Days prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified 
Currency is Euro or (ii) the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is Sterling 
or (iii) the day falling two (2) Business Days in the city specified in the Final Terms for the Specified 
Currency prior to the first day of such Interest Accrual Period if the Specified Currency is neither Sterling 
nor Euro; 
"Interest Payment Date(s)" means the date(s) specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
"Interest Period" means the period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
ending on (but excluding) the first Interest Payment Date and each successive period beginning on (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next succeeding Interest Payment 
Date; 
"Interest Period Date" means each Interest Payment Date unless otherwise specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 - 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions as published by the International Swaps and 
Derivatives Association, Inc., as amended from time to time, in the updated version applicable as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the relevant Series; 
"Page" means such page, section, caption, column or other part of a particular information service 
(including, but not limited to, Reuters Markets 3000 ("Reuters")) as may be specified for the purpose of 
providing a Relevant Rate, or such other page, section, caption, column or other part as may replace it 
on that information service or on such other information service, in each case as may be nominated by 
the person or organisation providing or sponsoring the information appearing there for the purpose of 
displaying rates or prices comparable to that Relevant Rate, subject to amendment in respect of Notes 
listed and/or admitted to trading on Euronext Paris, as disclosed in the Final Terms; 
"Rate of Interest" means the rate of interest payable from time to time in respect of the Notes and that 
is either specified or calculated in accordance with the provisions of these Conditions, as completed in 
the relevant Final Terms; 
"Reference Banks" means, for the purpose of this Condition 5, the institutions specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks selected by the Calculation Agent, or the Quotation 
Agent, as applicable, in the interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index 
options market) that is most closely connected with the Benchmark (which, if EURIBOR is the relevant 
Benchmark, shall be the Euro-zone); 
"Relevant Date" means, in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon, the date on which payment in respect 
of it first became due or (if any amount of the money payable is improperly withheld or refused) the date 
on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (in the case of Materialised Notes if 
earlier) the date falling seven (7) calendar days after that on which notice is duly given to the holders of 
such Materialised Notes that, upon further presentation of the Materialised Note, Receipt or Coupon 
being made in accordance with the Conditions, such payment will be made, provided that payment is in 
fact made upon such presentation; 
"Relevant Financial Centre" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the financial centre as may be 
specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is so specified, the financial centre with which 
the relevant Benchmark is most closely connected (which, in the case of EURIBOR, shall be the Euro-
zone) or, if none is so connected, Paris; 
"Relevant Rate" means the Benchmark for a Representative Amount of the Specified Currency for a 
period (if applicable or appropriate to the Benchmark) equal to the Specified Duration commencing on 
the Effective Date; 
"Relevant Time" means, with respect to any Interest Determination Date, the local time in the Relevant 
Financial Centre specified in the relevant Final Terms or, if no time is specified, the local time in the 
Relevant Financial Centre at which it is customary to determine bid and offered rates in respect of 
deposits in the Specified Currency in the interbank market in the Relevant Financial Centre and for this 
purpose "local time" means, with respect to Europe and the Euro-zone as a Relevant Financial Centre, 
11.00 hours, Brussels time; 
"Representative Amount" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance 
with a Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the amount specified as such in the 
relevant Final Terms or, if none is specified, an amount that is representative for a single transaction in 
the relevant market at the time; 
"Specified Currency" means the currency specified as such in the relevant Final Terms or, if none is 
specified, the currency in which the Notes are denominated; and 
"Specified Duration" means, with respect to any Floating Rate to be determined in accordance with a 
Screen Rate Determination on an Interest Determination Date, the duration specified in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none is specified, a period of time equal to the relative Interest Accrual Period, ignoring any 
adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii).

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 - 
(b) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes: Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest calculated on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal 
to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 If a fixed amount of interest (the "Fixed Coupon Amount") or a broken amount of interest (the "Broken 
Amount") is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount or, if applicable, the Broken Amount so 
specified and in the case of the Broken Amount will be payable on the particular Interest Payment Date(s) 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(c) 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes: 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates: Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal 
amount from the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum (expressed as a 
percentage) equal to the Rate of Interest, such interest being payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. Such Interest Payment Date(s) is/are either shown in the relevant Final Terms as 
Specified Interest Payment Dates or, if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are shown in 
the relevant Final Terms, Interest Payment Date shall mean each date which falls the number of 
months or other period shown in the relevant Final Terms as the Interest Period after the 
preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the First Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
(ii) 
Business Day Convention: If any date referred to in these Conditions that is specified to be 
subject to adjustment in accordance with a Business Day Convention would otherwise fall on a 
day that is not a Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is (A) the Floating 
Rate Business Day Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business 
Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (x) such date shall 
be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (y) each subsequent such 
date shall be the last Business Day of the month in which such date would have fallen had it not 
been subject to adjustment, (B) the Following Business Day Convention, such date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day, (C) the Modified Following Business Day 
Convention, such date shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event such date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding Business Day or (D) the Preceding Business Day Convention, such 
date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, where the relevant Final Terms specify that the relevant Business Day Convention 
is to be applied on an "unadjusted" basis, the Interest Amount payable on any date shall not be 
affected by the application of that Business Day Convention.  
(iii) 
Rate of Interest for Floating Rate Notes: The Rate of Interest in respect of Floating Rate Notes 
for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined in the manner specified in the relevant 
Final Terms and the provisions below relating to either ISDA Determination or Screen Rate 
Determination shall apply, depending upon which is specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Accrual Period shall be determined by the Calculation Agent as a rate equal to the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin 
(if any). For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "ISDA Rate" for an Interest 
Accrual Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by 
the Calculation Agent under a Swap Transaction under the terms of an agreement 
incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(a) 
the Floating Rate Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms;  
 
(b) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the relevant Final Terms; and

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 - 
 
(c)  
the relevant Reset Date is the first day of that Interest Accrual Period unless 
otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms.  
For the purposes of this sub-paragraph (A), "Floating Rate", "Floating Rate Option", 
"Calculation Agent", "Designated Maturity", "Reset Date" and "Swap 
Transaction" have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Floating Rate Option" specifies 
that the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) rates based on the relevant 
Floating Rate Option, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
for which rates are available was the period of time of next shorter length as compared 
to the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other of which shall be determined 
as if the Designated Maturity was the period of time of next longer length as compared 
to the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of 
Interest for each Interest Accrual Period shall be determined by the 
Calculation Agent at or about the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of such Interest Accrual Period in accordance 
with the following: 
(i) 
if the primary source for Floating Rate is a Page, subject as provided 
below, the Rate of Interest shall be: 
(A) 
the Relevant Rate (where such Relevant Rate on such Page 
is a composite quotation or is customarily supplied by one 
entity) or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates of the persons 
whose Relevant Rates appear on that Page, 
in each case appearing on such Page at the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date, subject to amendment in respect of 
Paris listed Notes, as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, plus or 
minus (as indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any). 
(ii) 
if the primary source for the Floating Rate is Reference Banks or if 
sub-paragraph (a)(i)(A) applies and no Relevant Rate appears on the 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date or if 
sub-paragraph (a)(i)(B) applies and fewer than two (2) Relevant 
Rates appear on the Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest 
Determination Date, subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the arithmetic mean of the Relevant Rates that each of the 
Reference Banks is quoting to leading banks in the Relevant 
Financial Centre at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination 
Date, as determined by the Calculation Agent, plus or minus (as 
indicated in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin (if any) and 
(iii) 
if paragraph (ii) above applies and the Calculation Agent determines 
that fewer than two Reference Banks are so quoting Relevant Rates, 
subject as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic 
mean of the rates per annum (expressed as a percentage) that the 
Calculation Agent determines to be the rates (being the nearest 
equivalent to the Benchmark) in respect of a Representative Amount 
of the Specified Currency that at least two (2) out of five (5) leading

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 - 
banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the principal financial 
centre of the country of the Specified Currency or, if the Specified 
Currency is Euro, in the Euro-zone as selected by the Calculation 
Agent (the "Principal Financial Centre") are quoting at or about 
the Relevant Time on the date on which such banks would 
customarily quote such rates for a period commencing on the 
Effective Date for a period equivalent to the Specified Duration (I) 
to leading banks carrying on business in Europe, or (if the 
Calculation Agent determines that fewer than two (2) of such banks 
are so quoting to leading banks in Europe) (II) to leading banks 
carrying on business in the Principal Financial Centre; except that, 
if fewer than two (2) of such banks are so quoting to leading banks 
in the Principal Financial Centre, the Rate of Interest shall be the 
Rate of Interest determined on the previous Interest Determination 
Date (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, 
Rate Multiplier or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Accrual Period and to the 
relevant Interest Accrual Period). 
(b) 
In the applicable Final Terms, when the paragraph "Benchmark" specifies that 
the rate is determined by linear interpolation, in respect of an Interest Period, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two (2) 
rates based on the Relevant Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the 
maturity for which rates are available was the period of time of next shorter 
length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period, and the other 
of which shall be determined as if the maturity was the period of time of next 
longer length as compared to the length of the relevant Interest Period. 
(c) 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and the Relevant 
Rate is specified as being EUR CMS, the Rate of Interest in respect of each 
Interest Accrual Period will be the Relevant Rate (expressed as a percentage 
per annum) for EUR CMS relating to the relevant maturity (the relevant 
maturity year mid swap rate in EUR (annual 30/360)), which appears on the 
Page at the Relevant Time on the Interest Determination Date, as disclosed in 
the relevant Final Terms, plus or minus (as indicated in the relevant Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any). 
In the event that the Relevant Rate for EUR CMS does not appear on the Page, 
the Calculation Agent shall determine on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date the applicable rate based on quotations of five Reference Banks for EUR 
CMS relating to the relevant maturity (in each case the relevant mid-market 
annual swap rate commencing two Business Days following the Interest 
Determination Date). The highest and lowest (or, in the event of equality, one 
of the highest and/or lowest) quotations so determined shall be disregarded by 
the Calculation Agent for the purpose of determining the Relevant Rate for 
EUR CMS which will be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth 
decimal place with 0.000005 being rounded upwards) of such provided 
quotations. 
If, for any reason, the Relevant Rate for EUR CMS is no longer published or 
if fewer than three quotations are provided to the Calculation Agent in 
accordance with the above paragraph, the Relevant Rate for EUR CMS will 
be determined by the Calculation Agent in its sole discretion, acting in good 
faith and in a commercial and reasonable manner.  
(d) 
Benchmark Event

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 - 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined and 
notwithstanding paragraphs 5(c)(iii)(B)(a) and 5(c)(iii)(B)(c) above, if the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines at any time 
prior to any Interest Determination Date that a Benchmark Event has 
occurred, the Issuer will as soon as reasonably practicable (and in any event 
before the Business Day prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date) 
appoint a Relevant Rate Determination Agent (as defined below), which will 
(i) use the substitute rate or successor rate selected by the central bank, reserve 
bank, monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee 
or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms that is consistent with industry accepted 
standards or (ii) if no such public selection has occurred, determine a 
substitute rate or successor rate which is substantially comparable to the 
Relevant Rate and is an industry accepted successor rate for the purpose of 
determining the Relevant Rate on each Interest Determination Date falling on 
or after the date of such determination (the "Replacement Relevant Rate"). 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that there is a 
Replacement Relevant Rate, the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will 
notify the Calculation Agent of the Replacement Relevant Rate to be used by 
the Calculation Agent to determine the Rate of Interest. 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent has determined a Replacement 
Relevant Rate, then for the purpose of determining the Relevant Rate on each 
Interest Determination Date falling on or after such determination:  
(i) the Relevant Rate Determination Agent, in consultation with the 
Issuer, will also determine the changes (if any) required to the 
Conditions, including but not limited to the applicable Business 
Day Convention, the definition of Business Day, the Interest 
Determination Date, the Day Count Fraction and any method for 
obtaining the Replacement Relevant Rate including any 
adjustment needed to make such Replacement Relevant Rate 
comparable to the Relevant Rate and any necessary Adjustment 
Spread in order to limit any increase or decrease in the yield of 
the Notes resulting from the application of the Replacement 
Relevant Rate (the "Benchmark Amendments" ), in each case 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner 
that is consistent with industry-accepted practices for such 
Replacement Relevant Rate;  
(ii) references to the Relevant Rate in these Conditions will be 
deemed to be references to the relevant Replacement Relevant 
Rate including any Benchmark Amendments; and 
(iii) the Relevant Rate Determination Agent will notify the Issuer of 
the 
Replacement 
Relevant 
Rate 
and 
the 
Benchmark 
Amendments, as soon as reasonably practicable but in any event 
no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) five Business Days prior 
to the applicable Interest Determination Date;  
The determination of the Replacement Relevant Rate and the Benchmark 
Amendments referred to above by the Relevant Rate Determination Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be final and binding on the Issuer, the 
Calculation Agent and the Noteholders and each Noteholder shall be deemed 
to have accepted the Replacement Relevant Rate and such related Benchmark 
Amendments pursuant to this paragraph (d). 
If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines for any reason that a 
Replacement Relevant Rate cannot, pursuant to this Condition, be determined

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 - 
or does not constitute an industry accepted successor rate, the Issuer may 
decide that no Replacement Relevant Rate or any other successor, 
replacement or alternative benchmark or screen rate will be adopted and the 
Relevant Rate for the following Interest Periods in such case will be equal to 
the last Relevant Rate available on the relevant Page as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (after readjustment for any difference between any Margin, 
Rate Multiplier or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
applicable to the preceding Interest Period and to the relevant Interest Period).  
If a new Benchmark Event occurs in respect of the then applicable 
Replacement Relevant Rate, the Issuer shall appoint or re-appoint a Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent (which may or may not be the same entity as the 
original Relevant Rate Determination Agent) for the purposes of determining 
a substitute Replacement Relevant Rate in an identical manner as described 
above. If the Relevant Rate Determination Agent is unable to or otherwise 
does not determine a substitute Replacement Relevant Rate, then the 
Replacement Relevant Rate will remain unchanged (after readjustment for 
any difference between any Margin, Rate Multiplier or Maximum Rate of 
Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the preceding Interest 
Period and to the relevant Interest Period). 
The Issuer will give notice of the Relevant Rate or Replacement Relevant 
Rate, as the case may be, and of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), to the 
Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agent, the Representative of 
the Masse and the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 as soon as 
reasonably practicable but in any event no later than 5:00 p.m. (London time) 
two Business Days prior to the applicable Interest Determination Date. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and binding and shall specify the effective date of 
the Benchmark Amendments (if any).  
The Relevant Rate Determination Agent may be (i) a leading bank or 
benchmark agent in the principal financial centre of the Specified Currency 
as appointed by the Issuer or (ii) the Calculation Agent. The Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent appointed pursuant to this Condition 5 shall act in good 
faith in a commercially reasonable manner as an independent expert and in 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Relevant 
Rate Determination Agent shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the 
Paying Agent, the Noteholders, or any other party responsible for determining 
the Rate of Interest specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
"Adjustment Spread" means either a spread (which may be positive or 
negative), or the formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either 
case, which the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines and which is 
required to be applied to the Replacement Relevant Rate and is the spread, 
formula or methodology which:  
(A) 
is formally recommended, or formally provided as an option for parties 
to adopt, in relation to the replacement of the Relevant Rate with the 
Replacement Relevant Rate by the central bank, reserve bank, 
monetary authority or any similar institution (including any committee 
or working group thereof) in the jurisdiction of the Specified Currency 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; or 
(B) 
(if no such recommendation has been made), the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is customarily applied to 
the Replacement Relevant Rate in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the 
Relevant Rate; or

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 - 
(C) 
(if no such determination has been made) the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines and which is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter 
derivative transactions which reference the Relevant Rate, where such 
rate has been replaced by the Replacement Relevant Rate; or  
(D) 
(if the Relevant Rate Determination Agent determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged) the Relevant Rate 
Determination Agent determines to be appropriate to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, 
any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders 
as a result of the replacement of the Relevant Rate with the 
Replacement Relevant Rate.  
"Benchmark Event" means, with respect to the Relevant Rate: 
(i) the Relevant Rate ceasing to exist or be published;  
(ii) the later of (i) a public statement by the administrator of the Relevant 
Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Relevant Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue 
publication of the Relevant Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months 
prior to the date specified in (i); 
(iii) the later of (i) a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Relevant Rate that the Relevant Rate has been 
or will be, on or before a specified date, permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i);  
(iv) a public statement that means the Relevant Rate will be prohibited 
from being used or that its use will be subject to restrictions which 
will not allow its further use in respect of the Notes or adverse 
consequences in each case within the following six months;  
(v) it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date, become 
unlawful for the Issuer, the Calculation Agent, any Paying Agent or 
any other party (as applicable) to calculate any payments due to be 
made to any Noteholder using the Relevant Rate (including, without 
limitation, under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation on indices used as benchmarks in financial 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds, as amended, if applicable, and including because 
of the withdrawal of the authorisation or registration of the relevant 
benchmark administrator);  
(vi) the making of a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Relevant Rate that, in the view 
of the administrator or such supervisor of the administrator, such 
Relevant Rate is no longer representative of an underlying market; 
or 
(vii) the making of a public statement by the administrator or the 
supervisor of the administrator of the Relevant Rate announcing that 
the methodology for calculating the Relevant Rate (i) has changed 
materially or (ii) will change materially. 
"EU Benchmarks Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 - 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the 
performance of investment funds, as amended. 
"Relevant Rate Determination Agent" means an independent financial 
institution of international repute or an independent adviser of recognised 
standing with appropriate expertise, at all times acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, appointed by the Issuer at its own expense 
under Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d). 
"UK Benchmarks Regulation" means the EU Benchmarks Regulation as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018. 
(iv) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SOFR 
(A) 
This Condition 5(c)(iv) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Relevant Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SOFR". 
(B) 
Where "SOFR" is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest 
for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be the Benchmark plus or minus 
(as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent. In no event will the Rate of Interest for any Interest Period be less 
than the Minimum Rate of Interest. 
(C) 
For the purposes of this Condition 5(c)(iv): 
"Benchmark" means Compounded SOFR, which is a compounded average of daily 
SOFR, as determined for each Interest Period in accordance with the specific formula and 
other provisions set out in this Condition 5(c)(iv) (Interest – Floating Rate Notes 
referencing SOFR). 
Daily SOFR rates will not be published in respect of any day that is not a U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day, such as a Saturday, Sunday or holiday. For this reason, in 
determining Compounded SOFR in accordance with the specific formula and other 
provisions set forth herein, the daily SOFR rate for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day that immediately precedes one or more days that are not U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the Observation Period will be multiplied by the number of 
calendar days from and including such U.S. Government Securities Business Day to, but 
excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities Business Day.  
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines that a Benchmark 
Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred in respect 
of Compounded SOFR (or the daily SOFR used in the calculation hereof) prior to the 
relevant SOFR Determination Time, then the provisions under Condition 5(c)(iv)(C) 
below will apply.  
"Interest Period" means each period from, and including, an Interest Payment Date (or, 
in the case of the first Interest Period, the Interest Commencement Date) to, but excluding, 
the next Interest Payment Date (or, in the case of the final Interest Period, the Maturity 
Date or, if the Issuer elects to redeem the Notes on any earlier redemption date, the 
relevant redemption date); 
"Interest Payment Determination Dates" means the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days before each Interest Payment Date where "p" has the value 
ascribed to it in the relevant Final Terms; 
"U.S. Government Securities Business Day" means any day except for a Saturday, a 
Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 - 
recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire 
day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities; 
"Business Day" means any weekday that is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
and is not a legal holiday in New York and each (if any) Additional Business Centre(s) 
and is not a date on which banking institutions in those cities are authorised or required 
by law or regulation to be closed; 
"Observation Period" in respect of each Interest Period means the period from, and 
including, the date falling "p" U.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the 
first date in such Interest Period to, but excluding, the date falling "p" U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period; 
"SOFR" with respect to any U.S. Government Securities Business Day, means:  
(x) 
the Secured Overnight Financing Rate published for such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day as such rate appears on the SOFR Administrator's 
Website at 3:00 p.m. (New York time) on the immediately following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day (the "SOFR Determination Time"); or 
(y) 
if the rate specified in (x) above does not so appear, the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day for which the Secured Overnight Financing Rate was 
published on the SOFR Administrator's Website; 
"SOFR Administrator" means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or a successor 
administrator of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate);  
"SOFR Administrator's Website" means the website of the Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, or any successor source; and 
"Compounded SOFR" with respect to any Interest Period, means the rate of return of 
a daily compound interest investment computed in accordance with the following 
formula (and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one 
hundred-thousandth of a percentage point, with 0.000005 being rounded upwards to 
0.00001): 
 
where:  
"do" for any Observation Period, is the number of U.S. Government Securities Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period;  
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in chronological order from, and including, the 
first U.S. Government Securities Business Day in the relevant Observation Period;  
"SOFRi" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant 
Observation Period, is equal to SOFR in respect of that day "i";  
"ni" for any U.S. Government Securities Business Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is the number of calendar days from, and including, such U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day "i" to, but excluding, the following U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day ("i+1"); and

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 - 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period. 
(D) 
If the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) determines on or prior to the 
relevant Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark 
Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, the 
Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes 
relating to the Notes in respect of all determinations on such date and for all 
determinations on all subsequent dates. In connection with the implementation of a 
Benchmark Replacement, the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) will 
have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time, 
without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders.  
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer) pursuant to this section, including any determination with 
respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, 
circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any 
selection:  
(x) 
will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error;  
(y) 
will be made by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer); and  
(z) 
notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the documentation relating to the 
Notes, shall become effective without consent from the holders of the Notes or 
any other party.  
"Benchmark" means, initially, Compounded SOFR, as such term is defined above; 
provided that if the Calculation Agent determines (in consultation with the Issuer) on 
or prior to the Reference Time that a Benchmark Transition Event and its related 
Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to Compounded SOFR (or 
the published daily SOFR used in the calculation thereof) or the then-current 
Benchmark, then "Benchmark" shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement.  
"Benchmark Replacement" means the first alternative set forth in the order below 
that can be determined by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as of 
the Benchmark Replacement Date: 
(x) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected or 
recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;  
(y) 
the sum of: (i) the ISDA Fallback Rate and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement 
Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the sum of: (i) the alternate rate of interest that has been selected by the 
Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) as the replacement for the 
then-current Benchmark giving due consideration to any industry-accepted rate 
of interest as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S. dollar-
denominated floating rate notes at such time and (ii) the Benchmark 
Replacement Adjustment;  
provided that if the Calculation Agent is unable to determine the Benchmark 
Replacement in accordance with clauses (x), (y) or (z) above, the Benchmark 
Replacement shall be determined in accordance with Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) above. 
"Benchmark Replacement Adjustment" means the first alternative set forth in the 
order below that can be determined by the Issuer or its designee as of the Benchmark 
Replacement Date:

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 - 
(x) 
the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread 
adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been 
selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the applicable 
Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement;  
(y) 
if the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is equivalent to the ISDA 
Fallback Rate, the ISDA Fallback Adjustment; or  
(z) 
the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that 
has been selected by the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) 
giving due consideration to any industry-accepted spread adjustment, or method 
for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of the 
then-current Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark 
Replacement for U.S. dollar-denominated floating rate notes at such time; 
"Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes" means, with respect to any 
Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational changes 
(including changes to the timing and frequency of determining rates and making 
payments of interest, rounding of amounts or tenors, and other administrative matters) 
that the Calculation Agent (in consultation with the Issuer) may be appropriate to reflect 
the adoption of such Benchmark Replacement in a manner substantially consistent with 
market practice (or, if the Calculation Agent decides, in consultation with the Issuer, that 
adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the 
Calculation Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, that no market practice 
for use of the Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner as the Calculation 
Agent determines, in consultation with the Issuer, is reasonably necessary);  
"Benchmark Replacement Date" means the earliest to occur of the following events 
with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published component 
used in the calculation thereof):  
(x) 
in the case of clause (w) or (x) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition 
Event," the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of 
information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of the 
Benchmark permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide the Benchmark (or 
such component); or  
(y) 
in the case of clause (y) or (z) of the definition of "Benchmark Transition Event", 
the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein;  
For the avoidance of doubt, if the event that gives rise to the Benchmark Replacement 
Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any 
determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior 
to the Reference Time for such determination;  
"Benchmark Transition Event" means the occurrence of one or more of the following 
events with respect to the then-current Benchmark (including the daily published 
component used in the calculation thereof):  
(w) 
a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) announcing that such 
administrator has ceased or will cease to provide the Benchmark (or such 
component), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such 
statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component); or  
(x) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark (or such component), the central bank for 
the currency of the Benchmark (or such component), an insolvency official with 
jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark (or such component), a

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 - 
resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for the Benchmark 
(or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution 
authority over the administrator for the Benchmark, which states that the 
administrator of the Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to 
provide the Benchmark (or such component) permanently or indefinitely, 
provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide the Benchmark (or such component); 
or  
(y) 
a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for 
the administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the Benchmark is no longer 
representative; or 
(z)  
a public statement by the administrator or the regulatory supervisor for the 
administrator of the Benchmark announcing that the methodology for 
calculating the Benchmark (i) has changed materially or (ii) will change 
materially. 
"ISDA Definitions" means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or 
supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate 
derivatives published from time to time;  
"ISDA Fallback Adjustment" means the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or 
negative value or zero) that would apply for derivatives transactions referencing the ISDA 
Definitions to be determined upon the occurrence of an index cessation event with respect 
to the Benchmark;  
"ISDA Fallback Rate" means the rate that would apply for derivatives transactions 
referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon the occurrence of an index 
cessation date with respect to the Benchmark for the applicable tenor excluding the 
applicable ISDA Fallback Adjustment;  
"Reference Time" with respect to any determination of the Benchmark means (i) if the 
Benchmark is Compounded SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if the 
Benchmark is not Compounded SOFR, the time determined by the Calculation Agent (in 
consultation with the Issuer) after giving effect to the Benchmark Replacement 
Conforming Changes;  
"Relevant Governmental Body" means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or any successor 
thereto; and  
"Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement" means the Benchmark Replacement excluding 
the Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. 
(E) 
Any Benchmark Replacement, Benchmark Replacement Adjustment and the specific 
terms of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, determined under this 
Condition 5(c)(iv) will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with Condition 15, the 
Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date on 
which such changes take effect. 
(v) 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(A) 
This Condition 5(c)(v) is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note 
Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
"Relevant Rate" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being "SONIA".

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 - 
(B) 
Where "SONIA" is specified as the Relevant Rate in the Final Terms in respect of the 
Floating Rate Notes, the SONIA rate of interest determination method, as specified in 
the Final Terms (the "SONIA Rate of Interest Determination"), in which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined could be either SONIA Lookback Compound (non Index 
Determination), SONIA Shift Compound (non Index Determination) or SONIA 
Compound (Index Determination) as follows: 
 
(x) 
if SONIA Lookback Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as 
provided below, be SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND plus or minus (as 
indicated in the Final Terms) the Margin (if any); 
(y) 
if SONIA Shift Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, 
the Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided 
below, be SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final 
Terms) the Margin (if any); or 
(z) 
if SONIA Compound is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Rate of Interest for each Interest Accrual Period will, subject as provided below, 
be SONIA-COMPOUND plus or minus (as indicated in the Final Terms) the 
Margin (if any). 
(C) 
For the purpose of this Condition 5(c)(v)): 
"SONIA-LOOKBACK-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Interest Accrual Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Interest Accrual 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to but excluding the following London Banking Day (i+1);  
  
"Observation Look-Back Period" is as specified in the Final Terms; 
"p" means in relation to any Interest Accrual Period, the number of London 
Banking Days included in the Observation Look-Back Period, as specified in 
the Final Terms;

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 - 
"SONIA", in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; and 
"SONIAi-pLBD", means in respect of any London Banking Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Interest Accrual Period, the SONIA in respect of the London Banking Day falling "p" 
London Banking Days prior to the relevant London Banking Day "i". 
"SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a daily compounded 
interest investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of 
interest is the Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on the Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the relevant Observation Period; 
"do" is the number of London Banking Days in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
"i" is a series of whole numbers from one to d0, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Days in chronological order from, and including, the first 
London Banking Day in the relevant Observation Period; 
"London Banking Day" or "LBD" means any day on which commercial 
banks are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange 
and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
"ni" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Interest Accrual Period, 
means the number of calendar days from and including such London Banking 
Day "i" up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day (i+1);  
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the 
period from (and including) the date falling a number of London Banking 
Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of such 
Interest Accrual Period to (but excluding) the date falling a number of London 
Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest Accrual 
Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days 
specified in the relevant Final Terms; and  
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to 
the daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London 
Banking Day as provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the 
Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by such 
authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately following 
such London Banking Day; 
"SONIAi" for any London Banking Day "i" in the relevant Observation 
Period, is equal to SONIA in respect of that day "i".

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 - 
"SONIA-COMPOUND" means the rate of return of a compounded average interest 
investment (it being understood that the reference rate for the calculation of interest is 
the Compounded Sterling daily overnight reference) which will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of 
Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) on each Interest Determination Date, as follows, 
and the resulting percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-
thousandth of a percentage point, 0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
where: 
"d" is the number of calendar days in the Observation Period relating to such 
Interest Accrual Period; 
"London Banking Day" means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London; 
"Observation Period" means, in respect of each Interest Accrual Period, the period from 
(and including) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the 
Observation Shift Days preceding the first day of the such Interest Accrual Period to (but 
excluding) the date falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation 
Shift Days preceding the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Accrual Period (or in 
the final Interest Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"Observation Shift Days" means the number of London Banking Days specified in the 
relevant Final Terms;  
"SONIA Compounded Indexx" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the day 
falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the first date of such Interest Accrual Period; 
"SONIA Compounded Indexy" means the SONIA Compounded Index value on the day 
falling a number of London Banking Days equal to the Observation Shift Days preceding 
the Interest Payment Date relating to such Interest Accrual Period (or in the final Interest 
Accrual Period, the Maturity Date); 
"SONIA" in respect of any London Banking Day, is a reference rate equal to the daily 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for such London Banking Day as 
provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published 
on the Relevant Screen Page or, if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise 
published by such authorised distributors, on the London Banking Day immediately 
following such London Banking Day; 
"SONIA Compounded Index" in relation to any London Banking Day shall be the 
SONIA Compounded Index value provided by the administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time), and as then published on the Relevant 
Screen Page, or if the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors. In the event that the SONIA Compounded Index value 
originally published by the administrator of SONIA on or about 9:00 a.m. (London Time) 
on any London Banking Day is subsequently corrected and such corrected value is 
published by the administrator of SONIA on the original date of publication, then such 
corrected value, instead of the value that was originally published, shall be deemed the 
SONIA Compounded Index value. 
If the SONIA Compounded Index is unavailable on the Relevant Screen Page on any 
Sonia Compounded Index determination date, the "SONIA-COMPOUND" shall be 
calculated on any Interest Determination Date with respect to an Interest Accrual Period 
in accordance with "SONIA-SHIFT-COMPOUND" and the term "Observation Shift

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 - 
Days" shall mean the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
(D) 
If, in respect of a London Banking Day "i-pLBD" or "i", as applicable, the Calculation 
Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) determines that the SONIA is not available on the Relevant 
Screen Page or has not otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, 
such SONIA shall be:  
(x) 
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the "Bank Rate") prevailing at close of 
business on the relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread 
of the SONIA to the Bank Rate over the previous five days on which a SONIA 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there 
is more than one lowest spread, one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank 
Rate (the "SONIA Replacement Rate"); or 
(y) 
if such Bank Rate is not available, the SONIA published on the Relevant Screen 
Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first 
preceding London Banking Day on which the SONIA rate was published on the 
Relevant Screen Page (or otherwise published by the relevant authorised 
distributors) or, if more recent, the latest rate determined under (x) above. 
(E) 
Notwithstanding the paragraph above, in the event the Bank of England publishes 
guidance as to (i) how the SONIA is to be determined or (ii) any rate that is to replace 
the SONIA, the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the calculation 
of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms) shall, to the extent that it is 
reasonably practicable, follow such guidance in order to determine SONIA for the 
purpose of the Notes for so long as the SONIA is not available or has not been published 
by the authorised distributors. 
(F) 
In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation Agent (or such other party responsible for the 
calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the Final Terms), the Rate of Interest 
shall be (i) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate 
of Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Accrual Period from that which applied 
to the last preceding Interest Accrual Period, the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest 
or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Accrual Period in place of 
the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that 
last preceding Interest Accrual Period) or (ii) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Rate of Interest which would have been applicable to 
such Notes for the first Interest Accrual Period had the Notes been in issue for a period 
equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest Accrual Period but ending on (and 
excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin and any 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest applicable to the first Interest 
Accrual Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with the Conditions, the final Interest 
Determination Date shall, notwithstanding any Interest Determination Date specified in 
the Final Terms, be deemed to be the date on which such Notes became due and payable 
and the Rate of Interest on such Notes shall, for so long as any such Notes remains 
outstanding, be that determined on such date. 
If the provisions of this Condition 5(c)(v) fail to provide a means of determining the Rate 
of Interest, Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d) above shall apply. 
(G) 
Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Calculation Agent (or 
such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as specified in the 
Final Terms) pursuant to this provision, including any determination with respect to a 
rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or 
date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, (i) will 
be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, (ii) will be made in the Calculation

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 - 
Agent’s (or such other party responsible for the calculation of the Rate of Interest, as 
specified in the Final Terms) sole discretion, and (iii) notwithstanding anything to the 
contrary in the documentation relating to the Notes, shall become effective without 
consent from the holders of the Notes or any other party. 
(d) 
Zero Coupon Notes: Where a Note, the Interest Basis of which is specified to be Zero Coupon, is 
repayable prior to the Maturity Date and is not paid when due, the amount due and payable prior to the 
Maturity Date shall be the Early Redemption Amount of such Note. As from the Maturity Date, the Rate 
of Interest for any overdue principal of such a Note shall be a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) 
equal to the Amortisation Yield (as described in Condition 6(f)(i)). 
(e) 
Accrual of Interest: Interest shall cease to accrue on each Note on the due date for redemption unless 
(i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on such due date or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, upon 
due presentation, payment is improperly withheld or refused, in which event interest shall continue to 
accrue (as well after as before judgment) at the Rate of Interest in the manner provided in this Condition 
5 to the Relevant Date. 
(f) 
Margin, Maximum/Minimum Rates of Interest, Instalment Amounts and Redemption Amounts, 
Rate Multipliers and Rounding: 
(i) 
If any Margin or Rate Multiplier is specified in the relevant Final Terms (either (x) generally, 
or (y) in relation to one or more Interest Accrual Periods), an adjustment shall be made to all 
Rates of Interest, in the case of (x), or the Rates of Interest for the specified Interest Accrual 
Periods, in the case of (y), calculated in accordance with (c) above by adding (if a positive 
number) or subtracting the absolute value (if a negative number) of such Margin or multiplying 
by such Rate Multiplier, subject always to the next paragraph. 
(ii) 
If any Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or Redemption Amount is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then any Rate of Interest, Instalment Amount or 
Redemption Amount shall be subject to such maximum or minimum, as the case may be.  
(iii) 
In respect of any calculation required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise specified), 
(x) all percentages resulting from such calculation shall be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 
one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with halves being rounded up), (y) all figures 
shall be rounded to seven significant figures (with halves being rounded up) and (z) all currency 
amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
halves being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes "unit" means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as 
legal tender in the country(ies) of such currency. 
(g) 
Calculations: The amount of interest payable in respect of any Note for any period shall be calculated 
by multiplying the product of the Rate of Interest and the outstanding nominal amount of such Note by 
the Day Count Fraction, unless an Interest Amount (or a formula for its calculation) is specified in respect 
of such period, in which case the amount of interest payable in respect of such Note for such period shall 
equal such Interest Amount (or be calculated in accordance with such formula). Where any Interest 
Period comprises two (2) or more Interest Accrual Periods, the amount of interest payable in respect of 
such Interest Period shall be the sum of the amounts of interest payable in respect of each of those Interest 
Accrual Periods. 
(h) 
Determination and Publication of Rates of Interest, Interest Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, 
Optional Redemption Amounts, Early Redemption Amounts and Instalment Amounts: As soon as 
practicable after the Relevant Time on such date as the Calculation Agent may be required to calculate 
any rate or amount, obtain any quotation or make any determination or calculation, it shall determine 
such rate and calculate the Interest Amounts in respect of each Specified Denomination of the Notes for 
the relevant Interest Accrual Period, calculate the Final Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption 
Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Instalment Amount, obtain such quotation or make such 
determination or calculation, as the case may be, and cause the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amounts 
for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date and, if required to be calculated, the Final 
Redemption Amount, Optional Redemption Amount, Early Redemption Amount or any Instalment 
Amount to be notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer, each of the Paying Agents, the holders of Notes,

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 - 
any other Calculation Agent appointed in respect of the Notes that is to make a further calculation upon 
receipt of such information and, if the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a stock exchange 
and the rules of such exchange so require, such exchange as soon as possible after their determination 
but in no event later than (i) the commencement of the relevant Interest Period, if determined prior to 
such time, in the case of notification to such exchange of a Rate of Interest and Interest Amount, or (ii) 
in all other cases, the fourth Business Day after such determination. Where any Interest Payment Date or 
Interest Period Date is subject to adjustment pursuant to Condition 5(c)(ii), the Interest Amounts and the 
Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative 
arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of 
the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under Condition 9, the accrued interest and the 
Rate of Interest payable in respect of the Notes shall nevertheless continue to be calculated as previously 
in accordance with this Condition but no publication of the Rate of Interest or the Interest Amount so 
calculated need be made. The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and 
the making of each determination or calculation by the Calculation Agent(s) shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties. 
(i) 
Calculation Agent and Reference Banks: The Issuer shall procure that there shall at all times be four 
(4) Reference Banks (or such other number as may be required by the Conditions) with offices in the 
Relevant Financial Centre and one or more Calculation Agents if provision is made for them in the 
relevant Final Terms and for so long as any Note is outstanding (as defined above in Condition 4). If any 
Reference Bank (acting through its relevant office) is unable or unwilling to continue to act as a 
Reference Bank, then the Issuer shall appoint another Reference Bank with an office in the Relevant 
Financial Centre to act as such in its place. Where more than one Calculation Agent is appointed in 
respect of the Notes, references in these Conditions to the Calculation Agent shall be construed as each 
Calculation Agent performing its respective duties under the Conditions. Without prejudice and subject 
to the provisions of Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d), if the Calculation Agent is unable or unwilling to act as 
such or if the Calculation Agent fails duly to establish the Rate of Interest for an Interest Period or Interest 
Accrual Period or to calculate any Interest Amount, Instalment Amount, Final Redemption Amount, 
Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption Amount, as the case may be, or to comply with any 
other requirement, the Issuer shall appoint a leading bank or investment banking firm engaged in the 
interbank market (or, if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most 
closely connected with the calculation or determination to be made by the Calculation Agent (acting 
through its principal London office or any other office actively involved in such market) to act as such 
in its place. The Calculation Agent may not resign its duties without a successor having been appointed 
as aforesaid. So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any stock exchange and the 
rules of that exchange so require, notice of any change of Calculation Agent shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15. 
(j) 
Renminbi Notes: Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Renminbi Note which is a Fixed Rate Note bears 
interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the rate per annum equal to the Rate 
of Interest. For the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, if any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, it shall be postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month in which case it shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. Interest will be payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date. The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on 
each Interest Determination Date, calculate the amount of interest payable per Specified Denomination 
for the relevant Interest Period. The determination of the amount of interest payable per Specified 
Denomination by the Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of manifest error and after confirmation by 
the Issuer) be final and binding upon all parties. The Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to 
be notified to each of the Paying Agents and to be notified to Noteholders as soon as possible after their 
determination but in no event later than the fourth (4th) Business Day thereafter. The amount of interest 
payable per Specified Denomination and Interest Payment Date so published may subsequently be 
amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) without notice in the 
event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. If the Notes become due and payable under 
Condition 9, the accrued interest per Specified Denomination shall nevertheless continue to be calculated 
as previously by the Calculation Agent in accordance with this provision but no publication of the amount 
of interest payable per Specified Denomination so calculated need be made. Unless otherwise agreed in 
the relevant Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Specified Denomination, multiplying such product by the actual number of calendar days

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 - 
in the relevant Interest Period or, as applicable, other period concerned and dividing it by three hundred 
and sixty-five (365), and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest Renminbi sub-unit, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
6. 
Redemption, Purchase and Options 
(a) 
Final Redemption: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided below or its 
maturity is extended pursuant to any option provided by the relevant Final Terms including, in particular, 
any Issuer's option in accordance with Condition 6(c) or any holders of Notes' option in accordance with 
Condition 6(e), each Note shall be redeemed on the Maturity Date specified in the relevant Final Terms 
at its Final Redemption Amount (which shall be at least its nominal amount) or, in the case of a Note 
falling within Condition 6(b), its final Instalment Amount, with the aggregate amount of all Instalment 
Amounts which shall be at least equal to the nominal amount of each Note.  
(b) 
Redemption by Instalments: Unless previously redeemed, purchased and cancelled as provided in this 
Condition 6 or the relevant Instalment Date (being one of the dates so specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) is extended pursuant to any Issuer's or holder of Notes' option in accordance with Condition 6(c) 
or 6(e), each Note that provides for Instalment Dates and Instalment Amounts shall be partially redeemed 
on each Instalment Date at the related Instalment Amount specified in the relevant Final Terms. The 
outstanding nominal amount of each such Note shall be reduced by the Instalment Amount (or, if such 
Instalment Amount is calculated by reference to a proportion of the nominal amount of such Note, such 
proportion) for all purposes with effect from the related Instalment Date, unless payment of the 
Instalment Amount is improperly withheld or refused (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on the due 
date for such payment or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on presentation of the related Receipt, in 
which case, such amount shall remain outstanding until the Relevant Date relating to such Instalment 
Amount.  
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer, Exercise of Issuer's Options and Partial Redemption:  
(i) 
Call Option 
If a Call Option is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer may, subject 
to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and on giving not 
less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice in accordance 
with Condition 15 to the holders of Notes (or such other notice period as may be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms), redeem or exercise any Issuer's option (as may be described) in 
relation to all, or, if so provided, some, of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date (as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms). Any such redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional 
Redemption Amount (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) together with interest accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption, if any.  
(ii) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
If a Make-Whole Redemption is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, subject to compliance by the Issuer with all relevant laws, regulations and directives and 
on giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice 
in accordance with Condition 15 to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, at any time or from 
time to time, prior to their Maturity Date (the "Make-Whole Redemption Date"), at their 
Make-Whole Redemption Amount.  
The determination of any rate or amount, the obtaining of each quotation and the making of any 
calculation by the Calculation Agent or the Quotation Agent, as applicable, shall (in the absence 
of manifest error) be final and binding upon all parties.  
"Make-Whole Redemption Amount" means in respect of any Notes to be redeemed pursuant 
to this Condition, an amount, (i) determined by the Calculation Agent, equal to the greater of 
(x) a certain percentage of the principal amount of such Notes as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms (the "Percentage Principal Amount"), and (y) the sum of the then present values of the 
remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest of such Notes (excluding any interest

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 - 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date) discounted 
to the relevant Make-Whole Redemption Date on an annual basis at a rate equal to the Make-
Whole Redemption Rate plus a Make-Whole Redemption Margin (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms), plus in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the relevant 
Make-Whole Redemption Date, or (ii) as may be specified by the Issuer in the relevant Final 
Terms. If "Call Option" is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the 
Issuer decides to redeem the Notes pursuant to the Make-whole Redemption by the Issuer before 
the Optional Redemption Date specified in the relevant Final Terms as the date from which the 
Call Option may be exercised, the Make-whole Redemption Amount will be calculated taking 
into account the Optional Redemption Date and not the Maturity Date. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Margin" means the margin specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
"Make-Whole Redemption Rate" means the rate based on either (i) the average of the four (4) 
quotations given by the Reference Banks to the Quotation Agent of the mid-market annual yield 
to maturity of the Reference Security as soon as practicable on the third Business Day preceding 
the Make-Whole Redemption Date at 11:00 a.m. (Central European Time ("CET")) 
("Reference Bank Quotation") or (ii) the Reference Screen Rate, as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms.  
"Quotation Agent" means any Calculation Agent, any Dealer or any other international credit 
institution or financial services institution appointed by the Issuer for the purpose of determining 
the Make-Whole Redemption Amount, in each case as such Quotation Agent is identified in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
"Reference Banks" means, for the purpose of this Condition 6, each of the four (4) banks 
selected by the Quotation Agent which are primary European government security banks, and 
their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues. 
"Reference Screen Rate" means the screen rate specified as such in the relevant Final Terms, 
subject as provided in Condition 5(c)(iii)(B)(d).  
"Reference Security" means the security specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. If a 
Reference Security is no longer outstanding, a Similar Security will be chosen by the Quotation 
Agent at 11:00 a.m. (CET) on the third Business Day preceding the Make-Whole Redemption 
Date, quoted in writing by the Quotation Agent to the Issuer and published in accordance with 
Condition 15. 
"Similar Security" means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the same issuer as the 
Reference Security having actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term 
of the Notes that would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to 
the remaining term of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Exercise of Issuer's Call Option, Make-Whole Redemption or partial redemption  
Any redemption or exercise pursuant to paragraphs 6(c)(i) and 6(c)(ii) above must relate to 
Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum Redemption Amount to be redeemed 
specified in the relevant Final Terms and no greater than the Maximum Redemption Amount to 
be redeemed specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed, or the Issuer's option 
shall be exercised, on the date specified in such notice in accordance with this Condition. 
In the case of a partial redemption or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Materialised Notes, the notice to holders of such Materialised Notes shall also indicate the 
numbers of the Definitive Materialised Notes to be redeemed or in respect of which such option 
has been exercised, which shall have been drawn in such place and in such manner as may be 
fair and reasonable in the circumstances, taking account of prevailing market practices, subject

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 - 
to compliance with any applicable laws and requirements of the Regulated Market on which the 
Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In the case of a partial redemption of or a partial exercise of an Issuer's option in respect of 
Dematerialised Notes of any Series, the redemption may be effected, at the option of the Issuer, 
by reducing the nominal amount of all such Dematerialised Notes in a Series in proportion to 
the aggregate nominal amount redeemed.  
So long as the Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated Market and the rules 
of, or applicable to, such Regulated Market so require, the Issuer shall, once in each year in 
which there has been a partial redemption of the Notes, cause to be published in accordance 
with Condition 15 a notice specifying the aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding and, 
in the case of Materialised Notes a list of any Definitive Materialised Notes drawn at random 
for redemption but not surrendered. 
(iv) 
Clean-Up Call Option 
If so specified in the relevant Final Terms, in the event that at least 80 per cent. of the initial 
aggregate principal amount of the Notes has been purchased and cancelled by the Issuer, the 
Issuer may, at its option (the "Clean Up Call Option") but subject to having given not less than 
fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' irrevocable notice to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the outstanding Notes at their 
Early Redemption Amount. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer in the event of a Rate of Interest Increase Event: Upon the 
first occurrence of a Rate of Interest Increase Event (as defined in Condition 14), the Issuer may, subject 
to having given not more than thirty (30) nor less than fifteen (15) calendar days' prior notice to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15 (which notice shall be irrevocable), redeem the Notes 
(either in whole or in part) in relation to the relevant Final Terms on any date falling not more than forty-
five (45) calendar days after the Rate of Interest Increase Date at the Optional Redemption Amount equal 
to the nominal amount to be redeemed, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, plus any interest accrued 
up to and including the Optional Redemption Date. 
(e) 
Redemption at the Option of Holders and Exercise of Holders' Options: If a Put Option is specified 
in the relevant Final Terms the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of Notes, upon the holder of Notes 
giving not less than fifteen (15) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the Issuer (or such other 
notice period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional 
Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed 
for redemption. 
To exercise such option or any other holders of Notes' option that may be set out in the relevant Final 
Terms, the holder of Notes must deposit with any Paying Agent at its specified office during usual 
business hours a duly completed option exercise notice (the "Exercise Notice") in the form obtained 
during usual business hours from any Paying Agent or the Registration Agent, as the case may be, within 
the notice period. Such notice shall, in the case of Materialised Notes, have attached to it such Note 
(together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons). In the case of 
Dematerialised Notes, the holder of Notes shall transfer, or cause to be transferred, the Dematerialised 
Notes to be redeemed to the account of the Paris Paying Agent specified in the Exercise Notice. No 
option so exercised and, where applicable, no Note so deposited or transferred may be withdrawn (except 
as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. 
(f) 
Early Redemption: 
(i) 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
(A) 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon 
redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(j) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 9 shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount (calculated in accordance with the Conditions provided below) of such Note.

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 - 
(B) 
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (C) below, the Amortised Nominal Amount 
of any such Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on 
the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is shown in the relevant Final Terms, shall be 
such rate as would produce an Amortised Nominal Amount equal to the issue price of 
the Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) 
compounded annually. 
(C) 
If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(j) or upon it becoming due and 
payable as provided in Condition 9 is not paid when due, the Early Redemption 
Amount due and payable in respect of such Note shall be the Amortised Nominal 
Amount of such Note as defined in sub-paragraph (B) above, except that such sub-
paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Amortised Nominal 
Amount becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Nominal Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to 
be made (as well after as before judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant 
Date falls on or after the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable 
shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Note on the Maturity Date 
together with any interest that may accrue in accordance with Condition 5(d). 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one (1) year, it shall be made on 
the basis of the Day Count Fraction shown in the relevant Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Other Notes: 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Notes described in 
Condition 6(f)(i) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6(c)(iv), 
Condition 6(g) or Condition 6(j), or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
9 shall be the Final Redemption Amount together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption. 
(g) 
Redemption for Taxation Reasons: 
(i) 
If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application or 
interpretation of such law, becoming effective after the Issue Date of the relevant Notes, the 
Issuer would on the occasion of the next payment of principal or interest due in respect of the 
Notes, not be able to make such payment without having to pay additional amounts as specified 
under Condition 8(b), the Issuer may, at its option, on any Interest Payment Date or, if so 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, subject to having given not more than forty-
five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the holders of Notes (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the 
Notes at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption provided that the due date for redemption of which notice hereunder may be given 
shall be no earlier than the latest practicable date on which the Issuer could make payment of 
principal and interest without withholding or deduction for French taxes. 
(ii) 
If the Issuer would on the next payment of principal or interest in respect of the Notes be 
prevented by French law from making payment to the holders of Notes or, if applicable, 
Coupons of the full amounts then due and payable, notwithstanding the undertaking to pay 
additional amounts contained in Condition 8(b), then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of 
such fact to the Fiscal Agent and the Issuer shall upon giving not less than seven (7) calendar 
days' prior notice to the holders in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, 
of the Notes then outstanding at their Early Redemption Amount together with any interest 
accrued to the date set for redemption on (A) the latest practicable Interest Payment Date on 
which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of the 
Notes, provided that if such notice would expire after such Interest Payment Date the date for 
redemption pursuant to such notice of holders shall be the later of (i) the latest practicable date 
on which the Issuer could make payment of the full amount then due and payable in respect of 
the Notes and (ii) fourteen (14) calendar days after giving notice to the Fiscal Agent as aforesaid

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 - 
or (B) if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, at any time, provided that the due date for 
redemption of which notice hereunder shall be given shall be the latest practicable date at which 
the Issuer could make payment of the full amount payable in respect of the Notes, or, if 
applicable, Receipts or Coupons or, if that date is passed, as soon as practicable thereafter. 
(h) 
Purchases: The Issuer shall have the right at all times to purchase Notes (provided that, in the case of 
Materialised Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons relating thereto are 
attached thereto or surrendered therewith) in the open market or otherwise at any price in accordance 
with the relevant regulation and such Notes may be held in custody by or on behalf of the Issuer and/or 
sold, resold or otherwise disposed of by the Issuer in accordance with and within the limits set by 
applicable laws and regulations. 
(i) 
Cancellation: All Notes held or purchased by or on behalf of the Issuer and which are to be cancelled 
shall be so cancelled, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, by transfer to an account in accordance with 
the rules and procedures of Euroclear France and, in the case of Materialised Notes, by surrendering to 
the Fiscal Agent the Temporary Global Certificate or the Definitive Materialised Notes in question 
together with all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and all unexchanged Talons and, in each case, 
provided such Notes are transferred or surrendered, shall, together with all Notes redeemed by the Issuer, 
be cancelled forthwith (together with, in the case of Dematerialised Notes, all rights relating to payment 
of interest and other amounts relating to such Dematerialised Notes and, in the case of Materialised 
Notes, all unmatured Receipts and Coupons and unexchanged Talons attached thereto or surrendered 
therewith). Any Notes so cancelled or, where applicable, transferred or surrendered for cancellation may 
not be re-issued or resold and the obligations of the Issuer in respect of any such Notes shall be 
discharged. 
(j) 
Illegality: If, by reason of any change in French law, or any change in the official application of such 
law, becoming effective after the Issue Date, it will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply 
with one or more of its obligations under the Notes, the Issuer will, subject to having given not more than 
forty-five (45) nor less than thirty (30) calendar days' notice to the holders (which notice shall be 
irrevocable), in accordance with Condition 15, redeem all, but not some only, of the Notes at their Early 
Redemption Amount together with any interest accrued to the date set for redemption. 
7. 
Payments and Talons 
(a) 
Dematerialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Dematerialised Notes shall (in 
the case of Dematerialised Notes in bearer dematerialised form or administered registered form) be made 
by transfer to the account denominated in the relevant currency of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the holders of Notes and, (in the case of Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form), to an 
account denominated in the relevant currency with a Bank designated by the holders of Notes. All 
payments validly made to such Account Holders will be an effective discharge of the Issuer in respect of 
such payments. 
(b) 
Materialised Notes: Payments of principal and interest in respect of Materialised Notes shall, subject as 
mentioned below, be made against presentation and surrender during usual business hours of the relevant 
Receipts (in the case of payments of Instalment Amounts other than on the due date for redemption and 
provided that the Receipt is presented for payment together with its relative Note), Materialised Notes 
(in the case of all other payments of principal and, in the case of interest, as specified in Condition 
7(f)(vi)) or Coupons (in the case of interest, save as specified in Condition 7(f)(vi)), as the case may be, 
at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States by a cheque payable in the relevant 
currency drawn on, or, at the option of the holder, by transfer to an account denominated in such currency 
with, a Bank.  
(c) 
Payments in the United States of America: Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Materialised Notes 
are denominated in U.S. Dollars, payments in respect thereof may be made at the specified office of any 
Paying Agent in New York City in the same manner as aforesaid if (i) the Issuer shall have appointed 
Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States of America with the reasonable 
expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment of the amounts on the Notes in the 
manner provided above when due, (ii) payment in full of such amounts at all such offices is illegal or 
effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions on payment or receipt of such

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 - 
amounts and (iii) such payment is then permitted by United States law, without involving, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, any adverse tax consequence to the Issuer. 
(d) 
Payments subject to Fiscal Laws: All payments are subject in all cases to any applicable fiscal or other 
laws, regulations and directives in the country in which payment is made but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 8. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the holders of Notes, Receipts 
or Coupons in respect of such payments. 
(e) 
Appointment of Agents: The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents, the Calculation Agent and the 
Registration Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified offices are listed below. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Registration Agent act solely as agents of the Issuer and the 
Calculation Agent(s) act(s) as independent experts(s) and, in each case such, do not assume any 
obligation or relationship of agency for any holder of Notes or Coupons. The Issuer reserves the right at 
any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent, any other Paying Agent and the 
Registration Agent or the Calculation Agent(s) and to appoint additional or any other Paying Agent, 
provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a Fiscal Agent, (ii) one or more Calculation Agent(s) 
where the Conditions so require, (iii) Paying Agents having specified offices in at least two (2) major 
European cities (including Luxembourg so long as the Notes are listed on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and so long as the Notes are admitted to trading on any other Regulated Market, such other 
city where the Notes are admitted to trading), (iv) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, in fully registered 
form, a Registration Agent, and (v) such other agents as may be required by the rules of any other 
Regulated Market on which the Notes may be listed and/or admitted to trading. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent in New York City in respect of any 
Materialised Notes denominated in U.S. Dollars in the circumstances described in paragraph (c) above. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the holders 
of Notes in accordance with Condition 15. 
(f) 
Unmatured Coupons and Receipts and unexchanged Talons: 
(i) 
Unless Materialised Notes provide that the relative Coupons are to become void upon the due 
date for redemption of those Notes, Materialised Notes should be surrendered for payment 
together with all unmatured Coupons (if any) relating thereto, failing which an amount equal to 
the face value of each missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made 
in full, that proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon that the sum of 
principal so paid bears to the total principal due) shall be deducted from the Final Redemption 
Amount, Amortised Nominal Amount, Early Redemption Amount or Optional Redemption 
Amount, as the case may be, due for payment. Any amount so deducted shall be paid in the 
manner mentioned above against surrender of such missing Coupon within a period of ten (10) 
years from the Relevant Date for the payment of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
has become void pursuant to Condition 10). 
(ii) 
If Materialised Notes so provide, upon the due date for redemption of any such Materialised 
Note, unmatured Coupons relating to such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void 
and no payment shall be made in respect of them. 
(iii) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note, any unexchanged Talon relating to 
such Note (whether or not attached) shall become void and no Coupon shall be delivered in 
respect of such Talon. 
(iv) 
Upon the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note that is redeemable in instalments, 
all Receipts relating to such Materialised Note having an Instalment Date falling on or after 
such due date (whether or not attached) shall become void and no payment shall be made in 
respect of them. 
(v) 
Where any Materialised Note that provides that the relative unmatured Coupons are to become 
void upon the due date for redemption of those Notes is presented for redemption without all 
unmatured Coupons, and where any Bearer Note is presented for redemption without any

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 - 
unexchanged Talon relating to it, redemption shall be made only against the provision of such 
indemnity as the Issuer may require. 
(vi) 
If the due date for redemption of any Materialised Note is not a due date for payment of interest, 
interest accrued from the preceding due date for payment of interest or the Interest 
Commencement Date, as the case may be, shall only be payable against presentation (and 
surrender if appropriate) of the relevant Definitive Materialised Note. Interest accrued on a 
Materialised Note that only bears interest after its Maturity Date shall be payable on redemption 
of such Note against presentation of the relevant Materialised Notes. 
(g) 
Talons: On or after the Interest Payment Date for the final Coupon forming part of a Coupon sheet issued 
in respect of any Materialised Note, the Talon forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at 
the specified office of the Fiscal Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet (and if necessary another 
Talon for a further Coupon sheet) (but excluding any Coupons that may have become void pursuant to 
Condition 10), provided that, in respect of Notes listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such 
exchange shall always take place at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or of the Paying Agent, as 
the case may be, in Luxembourg. 
(h) 
Non-Business Days: If any date for payment in respect of any Note, Receipt or Coupon is not a Business 
Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next following business day, nor to any interest 
or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. In this paragraph, "Business Day" means a day 
(other than a Saturday or a Sunday) (A) (i) in the case of Dematerialised Notes, on which Euroclear 
France is open for business or (ii) in the case of Materialised Notes, on which banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in the relevant place of presentation, in such jurisdictions as shall be 
specified as "Additional Financial Centres" in the relevant Final Terms and (B) (i) (in the case of a 
payment in a currency other than Euro), where payment is to be made by transfer to an account 
maintained with a bank in the relevant currency, on which foreign exchange transactions may be carried 
on in the relevant currency in the Principal Financial Centre of the country of such currency or (ii) (in 
the case of a payment in Euro), which is a TARGET Business Day. 
(i) 
Bank: For the purpose of this Condition 7, Bank means a bank in the principal financial centre of the 
relevant currency or, in the case of euro, in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET 2 System. 
(j) 
Alternative Payment in U.S. Dollar: Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, if an 
Inconvertibility, Non-transferability or Illiquidity (each as defined below) occurs, or if Renminbi is 
otherwise not available to the Issuer as a result of circumstances beyond its control and such 
unavailability has been confirmed by a Renminbi Dealer, following which the Issuer is unable to satisfy 
payments of principal or interest (in whole or in part) in respect of Renminbi Notes, the Issuer on giving 
not less than five (5) nor more than thirty (30) calendar days irrevocable notice in accordance with 
Condition 15 to the Noteholders prior to the due date for payment, shall be entitled to satisfy its 
obligations in respect of any such payment by making any such payment (in whole or in part) in U.S. 
dollars on the due date at the U.S. dollar Equivalent of any such Renminbi denominated amount. 
In such event, payments of the U.S. Dollar Equivalent of the relevant principal or interest in respect of 
the Notes shall be made by transfer to the U.S. dollar account of the relevant Account Holders for the 
benefit of the Noteholders. For the avoidance of doubt, any payment made under such circumstances of 
the U.S. Dollar Equivalent will constitute valid payment, and will not constitute a default in respect of 
the Notes within the meaning of Condition 9. 
All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and decisions given, 
expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 7(j) by the Renminbi Rate Calculation 
Agent, will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents and all 
Noteholders. 
These provisions may be amended or supplemented in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of this Condition 7(j):

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 - 
"Governmental Authority" means any de facto or de jure government (or any agency or instrumentality 
thereof), court, tribunal, administrative or other governmental authority or any other entity (private or 
public) charged with the regulation of the financial markets (including the central bank) of Hong Kong. 
"Illiquidity" means that the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong becomes illiquid, other 
than as a result of an event of Inconvertibility or Non-transferability, as determined by the Issuer in good 
faith and in a commercially reasonable manner following consultation with two Renminbi Dealers. 
"Inconvertibility" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to convert 
any amount due in respect of the Renminbi Notes in the general Renminbi exchange market in Hong 
Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer to comply with any 
law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, rule or regulation is 
enacted on or after the issue date of such Renminbi Notes and it is impossible for the Issuer, due to an 
event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Non-transferability" means the occurrence of any event that makes it impossible for the Issuer to 
deliver Renminbi between accounts inside Hong Kong or from an account inside Hong Kong to an 
account outside Hong Kong, other than where such impossibility is due solely to the failure of the Issuer 
to comply with any law, rule or regulation enacted by any Governmental Authority (unless such law, 
rule or regulation is enacted on or after the issue date of the relevant Renminbi Notes and it is impossible 
for the Issuer, due to an event beyond its control, to comply with such law, rule or regulation). 
"Renminbi Dealer" means an independent foreign exchange dealer of international repute active in the 
Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong reasonably selected by the Issuer. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Agent" means the agent appointed from time to time by the Issuer for the 
determination of the RMB Spot Rate. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Business Days" means a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general business (including dealings in foreign exchange) in Hong Kong 
and in New York City. 
"RMB Rate Calculation Date" means the day which is 2 RMB Rate Calculation Business Days before 
the due date for payment of the relevant Renminbi amount under the Conditions. 
"RMB Spot Rate" for a RMB Rate Calculation Date means the spot U.S. dollar/CNY exchange rate for 
the purchase of U.S. dollars with CNY in the over-the-counter Renminbi exchange market in Hong Kong 
for settlement on the relevant due date for payment, as determined by the RMB Rate Calculation Agent 
at or around 11.00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on such RMB Rate Calculation Date, on a deliverable basis 
by reference to Reuters Page TRADCNY3, or if no such rate is available, on a non-deliverable basis by 
reference to Reuters Page TRADNDF. If neither rate is available, the RMB Rate Calculation Agent will 
determine the RMB Spot Rate at or around 11:00 a.m. (Hong Kong time) on the RMB Rate Calculation 
Date as the most recently available U.S. dollar/CNY official fixing rate for settlement on the relevant 
due date for payment reported by The State Administration of Foreign Exchange of the PRC, which is 
reported on the Reuters Page CNY=SAEC. Reference to a page on the Reuters Screen means the display 
page so designated on the Reuters Monitor Money Rates Service (or any successor service) or such other 
page as may replace that page for the purpose of displaying a comparable currency exchange rate. 
"U.S. Dollar Equivalent" means the relevant Renminbi amount converted into US dollars using the 
RMB Spot Rate for the relevant RMB Rate Calculation Date, as calculated by the RMB Rate Calculation 
Agent. 
8. 
Taxation  
(a) 
Tax exemption for Notes: All payments of principal, interest and other revenues by or on behalf of the 
Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, 
any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, collected, 
withheld or assessed by or within France or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless 
such withholding or deduction is required by law.

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 - 
(b) 
Additional Amounts: If French law should require that payments of principal or interest in respect of 
any Note, Receipt or Coupon be subject to deduction or withholding in respect of any present or future 
taxes or duties whatsoever, the Issuer will, to the fullest extent then permitted by law, pay such additional 
amounts as shall result in receipt by the holders of Notes or, if applicable, the holders of Receipts and 
Coupons, as the case may be, of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with 
respect to any Note, Receipt or Coupon, as the case may be: 
(i) 
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges in respect of such Note, Receipt or Coupon by 
reason of his having some connection with the Republic of France other than the mere holding 
of the Note, Receipt or Coupon; or 
(ii) 
Presentation more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant Date: in the case of 
Materialised Notes, presented for payment more than thirty (30) calendar days after the Relevant 
Date (as defined under Condition 5 except to the extent that the holder would have been entitled 
to such additional amounts on presenting it for payment on the thirtieth day; or 
(iii) 
Payment by another paying agent: Definitive Materialised Notes presented for payment by 
or on behalf of a holder who would be able to avoid such withholding or deduction by presenting 
the relevant Note, Receipt or Coupon to another paying agent in a Member State of the European 
Union; or 
(iv) 
Non-cooperative State or territory: if the Notes do not benefit from any exception provided 
in the Administrative Doctrine (as defined below) and when such withholding or deduction is 
required to be made by reason of that interest, Receipt or Coupon being paid to an account held 
in, or paid or accrued to a person established or domiciled in, a non-cooperative State (Etat ou 
territoire non-coopératif) as defined in Article 238-0 A of the French Code général des impôts 
pursuant to Articles 125 A III, 119 bis 2 and 238 A of the same code. 
The "Administrative Doctrine" means the following official doctrine of the French tax 
authorities, the Bulletin Officiel des Finances Publiques – Impôts (BOFiP-Impôts) BOI-INT-
DG-20-50-20140211, no. 550 and 990, BOI-RPPM-RCM-30-10-20-40-20140211, no. 70 and 
BOI-IR-DOMIC-10-20-20-60-20150320, no. 10. 
 
For the purposes of this Condition 8, (i) "principal" shall be deemed to include any premium 
payable in respect of the Notes, all Instalment Amounts, Final Redemption Amounts, Early 
Redemption Amounts, Optional Redemption Amounts, Amortised Nominal Amounts and all 
other amounts in the nature of principal payable pursuant to Condition 6 or any amendment or 
supplement to it, (ii) "interest" shall be deemed to include all Interest Amounts and all other 
amounts payable pursuant to Condition 5 or any supplement to it and (iii) "principal" and/or 
"interest" shall be deemed to include any additional amounts that may be payable under this 
Condition. 
(c) 
U.S. Taxation: The discussion above does not address the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership 
or disposition of an interest in the Notes under United States federal, state or local tax law. Each 
prospective purchaser should consult its own tax adviser regarding such tax consequences. 
9. 
Events of Default 
The Representative (as defined in Condition 11) may, upon written notice to the Fiscal Agent given on 
behalf of the holders of Notes before all defaults shall have been remedied, cause the Notes to become 
immediately due and payable, whereupon the Notes shall become immediately due and payable at their 
principal amount plus interest accrued on the Notes, without any other formality, if any of the following 
events (each an "Event of Default") shall occur: 
(i) 
the Issuer is in default for more than thirty (30) calendar days for the payment of principal of, 
or interest on or of any other relevant amount due on any Note (including for the payment of 
any Additional Amount (as defined under Condition 8(b)), when the same shall become due and 
payable; or

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 - 
(ii) 
the Issuer is in default in the performance of, or compliance with, any of its obligations under 
the Notes and such default has not been cured within forty five (45) calendar days after the 
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of the written notice of such default by the Representative upon 
request by a holder of Notes; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is in default for the payment in principal of an aggregate amount of €50,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in any other currency) in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness (as defined in 
Condition 4 ("Negative Pledge")), which become due and are unpaid when due and upon expiry 
of any applicable grace period or for the payment of an aggregate amount in excess of an amount 
of €50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) in respect of one (or several) 
guarantee(s) or indemnity (or indemnities) given in respect of one or several bonds, equivalent 
to and having the same ranking as the Notes, entered into by any third party when such 
guarantee(s) or indemnity (or indemnities) are due and are called upon, 
unless, in respect of events described under paragraphs (ii) and (iii) above, the Issuer, acting in 
good-faith, challenges the early redemption or the default under such indebtedness or the 
validity of the enforcement of any such guarantee or indemnity before the competent court, in 
which case none of the events described here above will constitute an Event of Default until a 
final judgement has been rendered by the relevant Court; or 
(iv) 
the Issuer applies for or is subject to a conciliation procedure (conciliation) or a judgment issued 
for (i) the judicial reorganisation (redressement judiciaire) of the Issuer or (ii) the judicial 
liquidation (liquidation judiciaire) of the Issuer or for a transfer of the whole of the business 
(cession totale de l'entreprise) of the Issuer or if the Issuer is subject to any other insolvency or 
bankruptcy proceedings or if the Issuer makes any other arrangement for the benefit of its 
creditors or enters into a composition with its creditors, in each case to the extent permitted by 
applicable law. 
10. 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of the Notes, Receipts and Coupons (which for this 
purpose shall not include Talons) shall be prescribed and become void unless made within ten (10) years 
(in the case of principal) or five (5) years (in the case of interest) from the appropriate Relevant Date in 
respect of them. 
11. 
Meetings of holders and waivers 
(a) 
Representation of Noteholders 
The Noteholders will, in respect of all Tranches of the relevant Series, be grouped automatically for the 
defence of their common interests in a masse (the "Masse") which will be governed by the provisions of 
articles L.228-46 et seq. of the French Code de commerce as amended by this Condition 11. 
The Masse alone, to the exclusion of all individual Noteholders, shall exercise the common rights, actions 
and benefits which may accrue with respect to the Notes, without prejudice to the rights that Noteholders 
may exercise individually in accordance with, and subject to, the provisions of the terms and conditions 
of the Notes. 
(b) 
Legal Personality 
The Masse will be a separate legal entity and will act in part through a representative (the 
"Representative") and in part through collective decisions of the Noteholders (the "Collective 
Decisions"). 
(c) 
Representative 
The names and addresses of the Representative and its alternate (if any), will be set out in the relevant 
Final Terms. The Representative appointed in respect of the first Tranche of any Series of Notes will be 
the Representative of the single Masse of all subsequent Tranches in such Series.

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 - 
The Representative will be entitled to such remuneration in connection with its functions or duties as set 
out in the relevant Final Terms. No additional remuneration is payable in relation to any subsequent 
Tranche of any given Series. 
In the event of death, liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of appointment of the 
Representative, such Representative will be replaced by its alternate, if any. In the event of death, 
liquidation, retirement, resignation or revocation of the alternate Representative, another Representative 
may be appointed.  
All interested parties will at all times have the right to obtain the names and addresses of the 
Representative and the alternate Representative (if any) at the head office of the Issuer. 
(d) 
Powers of the Representative 
The Representative shall (in the absence of any Collective Decision to the contrary) have the power to 
take all acts of management necessary in order to defend the common interests of the Noteholders, with 
the capacity to delegate its powers. 
All legal proceedings against the Noteholders or initiated by them, must be brought by or against the 
Representative. 
(e) 
Collective Decisions 
Collective Decisions are adopted either (i) in a general meeting (the "General Meeting"), or (ii) by 
unanimous consent of the Noteholders following a written consultation (the "Written Unanimous 
Decision") or (iii) by the consent of one or more Noteholders holding together at least 80 per cent. of the 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding, following a written consultation (the "Written Majority 
Decision" and, together with the Written Unanimous Decision, the "Written Decisions") (as further 
described in Condition 11(e)(ii) below). 
In accordance with Article R.228-71 of the French Code de commerce, the rights of each Noteholder to 
participate in Collective Decisions will be evidenced by the entries in the books of the relevant Account 
Holder or the Issuer or the Registration Agent (as the case may be) of the name of such Noteholder as of 
0:00 Paris time, on the second (2nd) business day in Paris preceding the date set for the Collective 
Decision. 
Collective Decisions must be published in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Issuer shall hold a register of the Collective Decisions and shall make it available, upon request, to 
any subsequent holder of any of the Notes of such Series.  
(i) 
General Meeting 
A General Meeting may be called at any time either by the Issuer or by the Representative. One or more 
Noteholders, holding together at least one-thirtieth (1/30) of the principal amount of Notes outstanding, 
may address to the Issuer and the Representative a demand for a General Meeting to be called. If such 
General Meeting has not been called within two (2) months after such demand, the Noteholders may 
commission one of them to petition the competent court to appoint an agent (mandataire) who will call 
the General Meeting. 
Notice of the date, time, place and agenda of any General Meeting will be published in accordance with 
Condition 15 not less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on first 
convocation and not less than five (5) calendar days prior to the date of the General Meeting on second 
convocation. 
General Meetings may deliberate validly on first convocation only if holders of Notes present or 
represented hold at least one-fifth (1/5) of the principal amount of the Notes then outstanding. On second 
convocation, no quorum shall be required. The decisions of the General Meeting shall be taken by a 
simple majority of votes held by holders of Notes attending such General Meeting or represented thereat.

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 - 
Each Noteholder or representative thereof will have the right to consult or make a copy of the text of the 
resolutions which will be proposed and of the reports, if any, which will be presented at the General 
Meeting, all of which will be available for inspection by the relevant Noteholders at the registered office 
of the Issuer and at any other place specified in the notice of the General Meeting, during the fifteen (15) 
calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on first convocation, or during the five 
(5) calendar day period preceding the holding of the General Meeting on second convocation. 
The General Meeting is chaired by the Representative. In the event of the absence of a Representative at 
the start of a General Meeting and if no Noteholder is present or represented at the General Meeting, the 
Issuer may, notwithstanding the provisions of Article L.228-64 of the French Code de commerce, 
designate a provisional chairman until a new Representative has been appointed. 
Each Noteholder has the right to participate in a General Meeting in person, by proxy or by 
correspondence. Each Note carries the right to one vote or, in the case of Notes issued with more than 
one Specified Denomination, one vote in respect of each multiple of the lowest Specified Denomination 
comprised in the principal amount of the Specified Denomination of such Note. 
(ii) 
Written Decisions  
At the initiative of the Issuer, Collective Decisions may also be taken by Written Unanimous 
Decisions or Written Majority Decisions.  
A. Written Unanimous Decision 
Written Unanimous Decisions shall be signed by or on behalf of all the Noteholders without 
having to comply with formalities and time limits referred to in Condition 11(e)(a). Approval 
of a Written Unanimous Decision may also be given by way of electronic communication 
allowing the identification of Noteholders in accordance with Article L.228-46-1 of the 
French Code de commerce ("Electronic Consent"). Any such decision shall, for all 
purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General Meeting of such 
Noteholders. Such Written Unanimous Decision may be contained in one document, or in 
several documents in like form each signed by or on behalf of one or more of such 
Noteholders. 
B. Written Majority Decision 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will be published as provided 
under Condition 11(i) no less than fifteen (15) calendar days prior to the date fixed for the 
passing of such Written Majority Decision (the "Written Majority Decision Date"). 
Notices seeking the approval of a Written Majority Decision will contain the conditions of 
form and time limits to be complied with by the Noteholders who wish to express their 
approval or rejection of such proposed Written Majority Decision. Noteholders expressing 
their approval or rejection before the Written Majority Decision Date will undertake not to 
dispose of their Notes until after the Written Majority Decision Date. 
Written Majority Decisions shall be signed by one or more Noteholders holding together at 
least eighty (80) per cent. of the principal amount of the Notes outstanding. Approval of a 
Written Majority Decision may also be given by Electronic Consent. Any Written Majority 
Decision shall, for all purposes, have the same effect as a resolution passed at a General 
Meeting of the Noteholders. Such Written Majority Decisions may be contained in one 
document, or in several documents in like form each signed by or on one behalf of one or 
more of the Noteholders.  
(f) 
Exclusion of certain provisions of the French Code de commerce 
The provisions of Article L.228-65 I. 1° of the French Code de commerce and the related provisions of 
the French Code de commerce shall not apply to the Notes.  
(g) 
Expenses

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 - 
The Issuer shall pay all expenses relating to the operations of the Masse, including all expenses relating 
to the calling and holding of Collective Decisions and, more generally, all administrative expenses 
resolved upon by Collective Decisions, it being expressly stipulated that no expenses may be imputed 
against interest payable under the Notes. 
(h) 
Single Masse 
The holders of Notes of the same Series, and the holders of Notes of any other Series which have been 
assimilated with the Notes of such first mentioned Series in accordance with Condition 13, shall, for the 
defence of their respective common interests, be grouped in a single Masse. 
(i) 
Sole Noteholder 
If and for so long as the Notes of any Series are held by a sole Noteholder and unless a Representative 
has been appointed in relation to such Series, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Representative and to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions 
by the provisions of the French Code de commerce. The Issuer shall hold a register of the decisions taken 
by the sole Noteholder in this capacity and shall make it available, upon request, to any subsequent holder 
of any of the Notes of such Series. 
From the date of appointment of the Representative in relation to any Series, if and for so long as the 
Notes of such Series are held by a sole Noteholder, such Noteholder shall exercise all powers, rights and 
obligations entrusted to the Noteholders acting through Collective Decisions by the provisions of the 
French Code de commerce. 
(j) 
Notice to the Noteholders 
Any notice to be given to Noteholders in accordance with this Condition 11 shall be given in accordance 
with Condition 15 below. 
(k) 
Outstanding Notes 
For the avoidance of doubt, in this Condition 11 "outstanding" shall not include those Notes purchased 
by the Issuer pursuant to Article L. 213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier that are held by it 
in accordance with Article D.213-0-1 of the French Code monétaire et financier and not cancelled. 
12. 
Replacement of Definitive Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons and Talons 
If, in the case of any Materialised Notes, a Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon is 
lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced, subject to applicable laws, regulations 
and stock exchange regulations, at the specified office of the Fiscal Agent or such other Paying Agent as 
may from time to time be designated by the Issuer for the purpose and notice of whose designation is 
given to holders of Notes, in each case on payment by the claimant of the fees and costs incurred in 
connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence, security and indemnity (which may provide, inter 
alia, that if the allegedly lost, stolen or destroyed Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon or Talon 
is subsequently presented for payment or, as the case may be, for exchange for further Coupons, there 
shall be paid to the Issuer on demand the amount payable by the Issuer in respect of such Definitive 
Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or further Coupons) and otherwise as the Issuer may require. 
Mutilated or defaced Materialised Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons must be surrendered before 
replacements will be issued. 
13. 
Further Issues  
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the holders of Notes, Receipts or Coupons 
create and issue further Notes to be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single series with the Notes 
provided such Notes and the further Notes carry rights identical in all respects (or in all respects save for 
the principal amount thereof and the first payment of interest as mentioned in the relevant Final Terms) 
and that the terms of such further Notes provide for such assimilation and references in these Conditions 
to "Notes" shall be construed accordingly.

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 - 
14. 
Change of Control  
(a) 
If Change of Control is specified as applicable in the relevant Final Terms, if at any time while any of 
the Notes remain outstanding: 
(i) 
there occurs a Change of Control; and 
(ii) 
a Rating Downgrade occurs or has occurred during the Change of Control Period and the Rating 
Agencies have publicly announced, or confirmed in writing to the Issuer, that such Rating 
Downgrade resulted, in whole or in part, from the Change of Control that has occurred or could 
occur (such confirmation to be immediately notified to the Fiscal Agent, the Representative and 
the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 15), 
((i) and (ii) together, a "Rate of Interest Increase Event"), the Rate of Interest will be increased in 
accordance with the table set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b) 
Such increased Rate of Interest shall apply as from and including the date (the "Rate of Interest Increase 
Date") that is the later of: 
(i) 
the date of the Change of Control; and  
(ii) 
the date of announcement of such Rating Downgrade, 
for the remainder of the Interest Period in which the Rate of Interest Increase Date occurs (the interest 
payable in respect of such Interest Period being calculated on a pro rata basis by applying the Day Count 
Fraction) and for all subsequent Interest Periods until the redemption of such Notes. 
The Issuer shall forthwith give notice to the Fiscal Agent of such increase in the Rate of Interest and 
shall notify the Noteholders thereof immediately in accordance with Condition 15. 
The Rate of Interest payable on the Notes will only be subject to adjustment as provided in this Condition 
upon the first occurrence of a Rate of Interest Increase Event and there shall be no further adjustments 
to the Rate of Interest upon the occurrence of any subsequent change in rating, whether upwards or 
downwards. 
In the event that the rating of the senior unsecured debt of the Issuer is simultaneously downgraded by 
several Rating Agencies, the assigned rating, for the purpose of determining the applicable Rate of 
Interest in accordance with the table set out in the relevant Final Terms, shall be deemed to be: 
(i) 
the lowest rating assigned by any such Rating Agencies, if the senior unsecured debt of the 
Issuer is simultaneously rated as "investment grade" by a Rating Agency and as "non-
investment grade" by one or several others Rating Agencies; or 
(ii) 
the highest rating assigned by any such Rating Agencies, if the senior unsecured debt of the 
Issuer is rated "non-investment grade" by all the Rating Agencies. 
If any rating of the Issuer's senior unsecured debt is assigned by any Rating Agency or Rating Agencies 
other than or in addition to Moody's Deutschland GmbH and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, the 
ratings in the table set out in the relevant Final Terms shall be construed as if it referred to the equivalent 
ratings of such other or additional Rating Agency or Rating Agencies. 
In the event that the Issuer's senior unsecured debt ceases at any time to have a rating assigned to it by 
at least one Rating Agency, the Issuer shall use its best endeavours to obtain a rating of its senior 
unsecured debt from a Rating Agency as soon as practicable. 
In the event that (i) a formal public announcement of a Change of Control is made at a time when the 
Issuer's senior unsecured debt is not rated by any Rating Agency, and (ii) a Rating Agency then assigns 
within ninety (90) calendar days (inclusive) after the date of the Change of Control a rating to such debt, 
the new Rate of Interest shall be the one corresponding to such rating in the table set out in the relevant

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 - 
Final Terms. In such case, the new Rate of Interest shall apply from and including the date on which the 
rating is so assigned by such Rating Agency, such date being the Rate of Interest Increase Date, for the 
remainder of the Interest Period in which the Rate of Interest Increase Date occurs (the interest payable 
in respect of such Interest Period being calculated on a pro rata basis by applying the Day Count Fraction) 
and for all subsequent Interest Periods until the redemption of such Notes. Should the Issuer's senior 
unsecured debt remain unrated after the end of the above mentioned ninety (90)-day period, the new 
Rate of Interest shall be the one corresponding to B3 or lower in the table set out in the relevant Final 
Terms. In such case, the new Rate of Interest shall apply from and including the day following the end 
of such ninety (90)-day period, such date being the Rate of Interest Increase Date, for the remainder of 
the Interest Period in which the Rate of Interest Increase Date occurs (the interest payable in respect of 
such Interest Period being calculated on a pro rata basis by applying the Day Count Fraction) and for all 
subsequent Interest Periods until the redemption of such Notes. 
"Rating Agency" means Moody's Deutschland GmbH, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (or their 
successors) or any other rating organisation generally recognised by banks, securities houses and 
investors in the euro-markets provided that references herein to a Rating Agency shall only be to such 
Rating Agency as shall have been appointed by or on behalf of the Issuer to maintain a Rating and shall 
not extend to any such Rating Agency providing rating on an unsolicited basis.  
A "Rating Downgrade" shall be deemed to have occurred in respect of a Change of Control if the rating 
previously assigned to the senior unsecured debt by two Rating Agencies or, if the senior unsecured debt 
is rated at the time by a single Rating Agency, by any Rating Agency is (i) withdrawn or (ii) changed 
from an investment grade rating (BBB-/Baa3, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or better) 
to a non-investment grade rating (BB+/Ba1, or their respective equivalents for the time being, or worse) 
or (iii) if the rating previously assigned to the senior unsecured debt by any Rating Agency was below 
an investment grade rating (as described above), lowered by at least one full rating notch (for example, 
from BB+/Ba1 to BB/Ba2 or their respective equivalents), provided that a Rating Downgrade otherwise 
arising by virtue of a particular change in rating shall be deemed not to have occurred in respect of a 
particular Change of Control if the Rating Agency making the change in rating does not publicly 
announce or confirm that such changes were the result, in whole or in part, of any event or circumstance 
comprised in or arising as a result of, or in respect of, the applicable Change of Control. 
A "Change of Control" will be deemed to have occurred when (whether or not approved by the Conseil 
d'administration of the Issuer) any person or groups of persons acting in concert (personnes agissant de 
concert, as defined in Article L. 233-10 of the French Code of Commerce) other than any of the two 
principal shareholders of the Issuer as of the Issue Date at any time directly or indirectly gains "control" 
(as defined in Article L.233-3 I of the French Code of Commerce) of the Issuer. 
"Change of Control Period" means the period commencing on the date that is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date of the first formal public announcement that a Change of Control in respect of the Issuer 
has occurred; and 
(b) 
the date of the first formal public announcement or statement by the Issuer, any actual or 
potential bidder or any adviser thereto relating to any future Change of Control in respect of the 
Issuer (if any), 
and ending ninety (90) days (inclusive) after the date of the first formal public announcement that such 
Change of Control in respect of the Issuer has occurred. 
15. 
Notices 
(a) 
Subject to Condition 15(d), notices to the holders of Dematerialised Notes in registered form (au 
nominatif) shall be valid if either, (i) they are mailed to them at their respective addresses, in which case 
they will be deemed to have been given on the fourth weekday (being a day other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) after the mailing, or, (ii) at the option of the Issuer, they are published in a leading daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Europe. Provided that, so long as such Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of such Regulated Market so require such 
publication, notices shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation in 
the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 - 
is/are located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort or, in the case of the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(b) 
Subject to Condition 15(d), notices to the holders of Materialised Notes and Dematerialised Notes in 
bearer form shall be valid if published in a leading daily newspaper of general circulation in Europe  and 
so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and the rules of 
such Regulated Market so require such publication, in a leading daily newspaper with general circulation 
in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes is/are listed and/or admitted trading 
is/are located, which in the case of the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, is expected 
to be the Luxemburger Wort or, in the case of the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(c) 
If any such publication is not practicable, notice shall be validly given if published in another leading 
daily English language newspaper with general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed 
to have been given on the date of such publication or, if published more than once or on different dates, 
on the date of the first publication as provided above. Holders of Coupons shall be deemed for all 
purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the holders of Materialised Notes in 
accordance with this Condition. 
(d) 
Notices required to be given to the holders of Dematerialised Notes (whether in registered or in bearer 
form) pursuant to these Conditions may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear France, 
Euroclear, Clearstream and any other clearing system through which the Notes are for the time being 
cleared in substitution for the mailing and publication as required by Conditions 15(a), (b) and (c) above; 
except that so long as such Notes are listed and/or admitted to trading on any Regulated Market(s) and 
the rules of that Regulated Market so require, notices shall also be published in a daily newspaper with 
general circulation in the city/ies where the Regulated Market(s) on which such Notes are listed and/or 
admitted to trading is located. 
16. 
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a) 
Governing Law: The Notes (and, where applicable, the Receipts, the Coupons and the Talons) and any 
non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, French law. 
(b) 
Jurisdiction: Any claim against the Issuer in connection with any Notes, Receipts, Coupons or Talons 
may be brought before any competent court in Paris.

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 - 
TEMPORARY GLOBAL CERTIFICATES ISSUED IN RESPECT OF MATERIALISED 
NOTES 
1. 
Temporary global certificates 
A Temporary Global Certificate, without interest Coupons, will initially be issued in connection with 
Materialised Notes. Upon the initial deposit of such Temporary Global Certificate with a common 
depositary for Euroclear and for Clearstream (the "Common Depositary"), Euroclear or Clearstream 
will credit the accounts of each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the nominal amount 
thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. 
The Common Depositary may also credit with a nominal amount of Notes the accounts of subscribers 
with (if indicated in the relevant Final Terms) other clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts 
with Euroclear and Clearstream held by such other clearing systems. Conversely, a nominal amount of 
Notes that is initially deposited with any other clearing system may similarly be credited to the accounts 
of subscribers with Euroclear, Clearstream or other clearing systems. 
2. 
Exchange 
Each Temporary Global Certificate issued in respect of Notes will be exchangeable, free of charge to the 
holder, on or after its Exchange Date (as defined below): 
(i) 
if the relevant Final Terms indicates that such Temporary Global Certificate is issued in 
compliance with the U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the "C Rules") or in a transaction 
to which TEFRA is not applicable (as to which, see section "Selling Restrictions"), in whole, 
but not in part, for the Materialised Notes; and 
(ii) 
otherwise, in whole but not in part upon certification if required under U.S. Treas. Reg. §1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the "D Rules") as to non-U.S. beneficial ownership (a form of which shall be 
available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agents) for Definitive Materialised Notes. 
3. 
Delivery of definitive materialised notes 
On or after its Exchange Date, the holder of a Temporary Global Certificate may surrender such 
Temporary Global Certificate to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent. In exchange for any Temporary 
Global Certificate, the Issuer will deliver, or procure the delivery of, an equal aggregate nominal amount 
of duly executed and authenticated Definitive Materialised Notes. In this Base Prospectus, "Definitive 
Materialised Notes" means, in relation to any Temporary Global Certificate, the Definitive Materialised 
Notes for which such Temporary Global Certificate may be exchanged (if appropriate, having attached 
to them all Coupons and Receipts in respect of interest or Instalment Amounts that have not already been 
paid on the Temporary Global Certificate and a Talon). Definitive Materialised Notes will be security 
printed in accordance with any applicable legal and stock exchange requirements. Forms of such 
Definitive Materialised Notes shall be available at the specified offices of any of the Paying Agent(s). 
4. 
Exchange date 
"Exchange Date" means, in relation to a Temporary Global Certificate, the day falling after the expiry 
of forty (40) calendar days after its issue date, provided that, in the event any further Materialised Notes 
are issued prior to such day pursuant to Condition 13 the Exchange Date for such Temporary Global 
Certificate, may at the option of the Issuer, be postponed to the day falling after the expiry of forty (40) 
calendar days after the issue of such further Materialised Notes. 
In the case of Materialised Notes with an initial maturity of more than 365 days (and that are not relying 
on the C Rules), the Temporary Global Certificate shall bear the following legend: 
ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES FEDERAL INCOME TAX LAWS INCLUDING 
THE LIMITATION PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 - 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the net proceeds of the issue of Notes will be used for the 
Issuer's general corporate purposes.

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 - 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS  
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
 
EU PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments of 15 May 2014, 
as amended ("EU MiFID II"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European 
Parliament and of the Council on insurance distribution of 20 January 2016, as amended (the "Insurance 
Distribution Directive"), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014, as amended (the "EU 
PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors (as 
defined above) in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any such retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPs / IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are 
not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom ("UK"). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
"EUWA"); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000, as amended (the "FSMA") and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not 
a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as 
it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the "UK PRIIPs Regulation") for offering or selling the 
Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under 
the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[EU MiFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY 
TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five (5) categories referred to in item 18 of the 
Guidelines published by the European Securities and Markets Authority [("ESMA")] on 5 February 2018 has led 
to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes are eligible counterparties and professional clients only, 
each as defined in EU MiFID II; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
"distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]1 
[UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPs ONLY TARGET 
MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market 
 
 
1 Legend to be included following completion of the target market assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into 
account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines published by ESMA on 5 February 2018.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 - 
assessment in respect of the Notes, taking into account the five categories referred to in item 18 of the Guidelines 
published by [the European Securities and Markets Authority/ESMA] on 5 February 2018 (in accordance with 
the Financial Conduct Authority’s (the "FCA")  policy statement entitled "Brexit our approach to EU non-
legislative materials"), has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook ("COBS"), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("UK MiFIR"); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a "distributor") should take into consideration the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the "UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules") is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer ['s/s'] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
Final Terms dated [⚫] 
 
[LOGO, if document is printed] 
Imerys 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes]  
under the Euro 3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
LEI (Legal Entity Identifier): 54930075MZSSIB2TGC64 
 
PART A 
CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the base 
prospectus dated 21 June 2021 [and the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [●]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public 
or admitted to trading on a regulated market of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the "EU 
Prospectus Regulation"). This document constitutes the Final Terms of the notes described herein (the "Notes") 
for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the EU Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with such Base 
Prospectus.]   
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
[Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions which are the 
[2014/2016/2017] Conditions which are incorporated by reference in the base prospectus dated 21 June 2021 [and 
the supplement[s] to the base prospectus dated [•]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the "Base 
Prospectus") for the purposes of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council on 
the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading on a regulated 
market of 14 June 2017 (as may be amended from time to time, the " EU Prospectus Regulation"). This document 
constitutes the Final Terms of the notes described herein (the "Notes") for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the EU 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus (save in respect of section "Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes" which is replaced by the [2014/2016/2017] Conditions). [The Base Prospectus and 
the Final Terms are available for viewing on the websites of (a) the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu)

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 - 
and (b) the Issuer at the following address (https://www.imerys.com/fr/finance/finance/publications-information-
reglementee. [In addition2, the Base Prospectus and the Final Terms are available for viewing [at/on] [●]]. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as "Not Applicable". Note that the numbering should remain 
as set out below, even if "Not Applicable" is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-paragraphs. Italics denote 
guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
1. 
(i)    Series Number: 
[●]  
(ii) Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(iii)  [Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
 
[The Notes will be assimilated (assimilées) and form a single 
series with the existing [●] (insert description of the Series) issued 
by the Issuer on [●] (insert date) (the "Existing Notes") as from 
the date of assimilation which is expected to be on or about forty 
(40) calendar days after the Issue Date (the "Assimilation 
Date").] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[Euro] / [U.S. Dollars] / [Japanese yen] / [Swiss francs] / 
[Sterling] / [Renminbi] / [●] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
Notes:  
[●]  
(i) 
Series: 
[●] 
(ii) Tranche: 
[●] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the Tranche 
[plus accrued interest for the period from and including the 
Interest Commencement Date to, but excluding, the Issue Date] 
5. 
Specified Denomination: 
[●]  
6. 
(i) Issue Date: 
[●] 
(ii) Interest Commencement Date: 
[[●] / Issue Date / Not Applicable] 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
[●] 
(Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment Date 
falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year) 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. Fixed Rate / ([LIBOR/EURIBOR/EUR 
CMS/SONIA/SOFR) [+/–] [●] per cent. Floating Rate / Zero 
Coupon] 
9. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
[Subject to any purchase, cancellation or early redemption, the 
Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 100 per cent. of 
the Aggregate Nominal Amount] / [Instalment Notes] (further 
particulars specified below)  
 
 
2  If the Notes are admitted to trading on a Regulated Market other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 - 
10. Change of Interest Basis: 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest Commencement 
Date, up to (but excluding) [●] paragraph [13/14] applies and for 
the period from (and including) [●] the Maturity Date, paragraph 
[13/14] applies / Not Applicable] 
11. Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option/ Call Option (Condition 6(c)(i))/ Clean-Up Call 
Option (Condition 6(c)(iv))/ Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer in the event of a Rate of Interest Increase Event/ Make-
Whole Redemption [(further particulars specified below)] / Not 
Applicable] 
12. [Date of corporate authorisations 
for issuance of Notes obtained]: 
[Decision of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated [●] [and of 
[●] [function] dated [●]] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable [annually / semi-annually / 
quarterly / monthly / other (specify)] in arrear] 
(ii) Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date [adjusted in 
accordance with [●] (specify Business Day Convention and any 
applicable additional Business Centre(s) for the definition of 
"Business Day"3) / not adjusted] 
(This may be amended in case of long or short coupon) 
(iii) Fixed Coupon Amount(s)4: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Specified Denomination, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling in /on [●] (Insert particulars of any initial or final 
broken interest amounts which do not correspond with the Fixed 
Coupon Amount[(s)] / Not Applicable] 
(v) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual –ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bonds Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
(vi) Determination Dates: 
[●] in each year (insert regular Interest Payment Dates, ignoring 
Issue Date or Maturity Date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon. N.B. only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14. Floating Rate Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
 
 
3 This option should be selected for Renminbi Notes 
4 Not applicable for Renminbi Notes

--- Page 79 ---
- 79 - 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Interest Period(s): 
[●]/[As per the Conditions] 
(ii) Specified Interest Payment 
 
Dates: 
[●] 
(iii) First Interest Payment Date: 
[●]  
(iv) Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention / Following Business Day Convention / 
Modified Following Business Day Convention / Preceding Business 
Day Convention] / [unadjusted]  
(v) Business Centre(s): 
[●]  
(vi) Manner in which the Rate(s) 
 
of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination / ISDA Determination] 
(vii) Party 
responsible 
for 
 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
 
Interest and / or Interest 
 
Amount(s) (if not the Fiscal 
 
Agent)5: 
[[●] shall be the Calculation Agent / Not Applicable (no need to 
specify if the Fiscal Agent is to perform this function)] 
(viii) Screen Rate Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
- 
Relevant Rate: 
[LIBOR/EURIBOR/EUR CMS/SOFR/SONIA/[●]]  
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
- 
Relevant Time: 
[●] 
- 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
- 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[[●]/[[TARGET] Business Days in [specify city] for [specify 
currency]/[U.S. Government Securities Business Day(s) (if 
SOFR)]/[London Banking Day(s) (if SONIA)]] 
- 
Page: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
- 
Reference Banks  
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
- 
Relevant 
Financial 
Centre: 
[●] 
- 
Representative 
Amount: 
[●] 
 
 
5 Renminbi Notes only

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 - 
- 
Effective Date: 
[●] 
- 
Specified Duration: 
[[●] / Not Applicable] 
(ix) ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
- 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
(If the Rate of Interest is determined by linear interpolation in 
respect of an interest period, insert the relevant interest period(s) 
and the relevant two rates used for such determination) 
- 
Designated Maturity: 
[●]  
- 
Reset Date: 
[●]  
           (x)   SOFR: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
"p" 
[●] 
- 
Relevant Time 
[●] 
   (xi) SONIA: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable]]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
- 
SONIA Rate of 
Interest 
Determination 
[SONIA Lookback Compound / SONIA Shift Compound / 
SONIA Compound] 
- 
Observation Shift 
Days 
[●] London Banking Days 
- 
Observation Look-
Back Period: 
[●] London Banking Days 
   (xii) Margin: 
[+/–] [●] per cent. per annum6 
   (xiii) Rate  Multiplier: 
[●] 
   (xiv) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum7 
   (xv) Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
 
 
6  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero. 
7  
In no event shall the amount of interest payable be less than zero.

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 - 
(xvi) Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual –ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bonds Basis / 
[30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
15. Zero Coupon Note Provisions: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Amortisation Yield: 
(ii)    Day Count Fraction: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
[Actual/365 / Actual/Actual - ISDA / Actual/Actual –ICMA / 
Actual/365 (Fixed) / Actual/360 / 30/360 / 360/360 / Bonds Basis / 
30E/360 / Eurobond Basis] 
16. Change of Control: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
         (Condition 14) 
(If not applicable, delete the table below in this paragraph) 
Rate of Interest applicable on the 
Rate of Interest Increase Event: 
 
 
Rating Downgrade 
The new Rate of Interest 
will be as follows: 
to Ba1 and BB+ 
 [●] per cent. per annum 
to Ba2 and BB 
 [●] per cent. per annum 
to Ba3 and BB 
 [●] per cent. per annum 
to B1 and B+ 
 [●] per cent. per annum 
to B2 and B  
 [●] per cent. per annum 
to B3 and B- or 
lower 
 [●] per cent. per annum 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17(a) Call Option (Condition 6(c)(i)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[●]  
(ii) Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) (Call) of each 
Note: 
[100 / [●] per Specified Denomination] 
(Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes plus interest) 
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Notice period: 
[●]

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 - 
17(b)  Clean-Up Call Option     
 (Condition 6(c)(iv)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraph of this 
paragraph) 
Early Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[100 / [●] per Specified Denomination] 
(Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes plus interest)  
17(c)  Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer in the event of a Rate of 
Interest Increase Event 
(Condition 6(d)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[100 / [●] per Specified Denomination] 
(Aggregate Nominal Amount of Notes plus interest) 
(ii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
(b) Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
18. Make-Whole Redemption 
(Condition 6(c)(ii)): 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Make-Whole Redemption 
Amount (If different from that 
as set out in the Conditions): 
[[] / Not Applicable] 
(ii) Percentage Principal Amount: 
[●]  
(iii) If redeemable in part: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
         (a) 
Minimum Redemption 
 
 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
         (b) 
Maximum Redemption 
 
 
Amount: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iv) Make-Whole Redemption 
 
Margin: 
[●] 
(v)  Reference Security: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vi)  Reference Screen Rate: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(vii)  Quotation Agent: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(viii) Notice period 
[●]

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 - 
19. Put Option:  
 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
 
(Put): 
[●]  
(ii) Optional Redemption 
 
Amount(s) (Put) of each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination 
(iii) Notice period: 
[●]  
20. Final Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per Specified Denomination  
21. Early Redemption Amount (Tax):   
Early Redemption Amount(s) (Tax) 
of each Note payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons on an Event of 
Default or other early redemption 
and/or the method of calculating the 
same (if required): 
[100 / [●] per Specified Denomination] 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
22. Form of Notes: 
[Dematerialised Notes / Materialised Notes] (Materialised 
Notes are only in bearer form)  
(i)  Form of Dematerialised Notes: 
[Applicable / Not Applicable] (Specify if bearer form (au 
porteur) / registered form (au nominatif administré) / fully 
registered form (au nominatif pur)) 
(ii)  Registration Agent: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (name and details)] (Note that a 
Registration Agent may be appointed in relation to 
Dematerialised Notes in fully registered form (au nominatif 
pur) only) 
(iii)  Temporary Global Certificate: 
[Temporary Global Certificate exchangeable for Definitive 
Bearer Materialised Notes on [●] (the "Exchange Date"), 
being forty (40) calendar days after the Issue Date subject to 
postponement as provided in the Temporary Global 
Certificate / Not Applicable] 
(iv) Applicable TEFRA exemption: 
[C Rules / D Rules / Not Applicable] (Only applicable to 
Materialised Notes) 
23. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to payment 
dates:  
[Not Applicable / [●]] (give details) 
(Note that this item relates to the date and place of payment, 
and not interest period end dates, to which items 13 (ii) and 
14(ii) relates) 
24.  Talons for future Coupons or Receipts 
to be attached to Definitive Bearer 
Materialised Notes (and dates on which 
such Talons mature): 
[Yes / No] (If yes, give details)

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 - 
25. Details relating to Instalment Notes: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give details)] 
 
(i) Instalment Amount(s) 
[●] 
(ii) Instalment Date(s) 
[●] 
26. "Masse" (Condition 11) 
Condition 11 applies. 
[Name and address of the Representative: [●] 
Name and address of the alternate Representative: [●] 
The Representative will receive no remuneration / The 
Representative will receive a remuneration of [●]] 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
27. Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated / Non-syndicated] 
28. (i)  If syndicated, names of  Managers: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give names)] 
 
(ii) Stabilising Agent(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give names)] 
29. If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name)] 
30. US Selling Restrictions: 
Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C / TEFRA D / 
TEFRA not applicable] 
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 - 
PART B 
OTHER INFORMATION 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing:  
[Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / other (specify) 
/ None] 
(ii)  
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the 
Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [●](specify)] with effect from [●] / 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or on its behalf) 
for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the Regulated Market of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange / [●] (specify)] with effect from 
[●] / Not Applicable] 
(where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate that Existing 
Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(iii) 
Estimate of total expenses 
related to listing and/or 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued are expected / have been rated: [●] by 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH / S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited] / [●] / The Notes will not be rated.] 
[[●] (Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating) is established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended. [●] (Insert legal name 
of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) appears 
on the latest update of the list of registered credit rating agencies 
(as of [●] (insert date of most recent list)) published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority. / [●] (Insert legal 
name of particular credit rating agency entity providing rating) is 
established in the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009, as amended, although notification 
of the corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the European Securities and Markets Authority. / [●] 
(Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency entity 
providing rating) is established in the EEA and is neither registered 
nor has it applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009, as amended.] 
[[The rating [Insert legal name of credit rating agency] has given 
to the Notes is endorsed by a credit agency which is established in 
the UK and registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] [[Insert legal name of 
credit rating agency] has been certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom 
by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018.] [[Insert 
legal name of credit rating agency] has not been certified under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009, as it forms part of domestic law of 
the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the "UK CRA Regulation") and the rating it has given

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 - 
to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency established 
in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation.] 
[Include a brief explanation of the meaning of the rating, e.g.: 
According to Moody's rating system, obligations rated "Baa" are 
judged to be subject to moderate credit risk. Moody's appends 
numerical modifiers 1, 2 and 3 to each generic rating classification 
from "Aa" through "Caa". The modifier 1 indicates that the 
obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the 
modifier 2 indicates a mid -range ranking; and the modifier 3 
indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating category. 
According to S&P's rating system, an obligation rated "BBB" 
exhibits adequate protection parameters. However, adverse 
economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to 
weaken the Issuer's capacity to meet its financial commitments on 
the Notes. The addition of plusses and minuses provides further 
distinctions within the ratings range.] 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE / OFFER 
Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interests, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of 
the following statement: 
["Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers] so far as this Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer." / [●]] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the EU Prospectus Regulation.) 
4. 
USE OF PROCEEDS AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
Use of proceeds: 
 [See section "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus/[●] (Give 
details)] 
(See section "Use of Proceeds" in the Base Prospectus – if reasons 
for offer differ from what is disclosed in the Base Prospectus, give 
details here) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5. 
(Fixed Rate Notes only) – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[[●] per cent. per annum] / [Not Applicable] 
6. 
(Floating Rate Notes only) – PERFORMANCE OF RATES 
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR/LIBOR/EUR CMS/SOFR/SONIA] rates can be obtained from [●].  
Benchmarks: 
Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[EURIBOR/LIBOR/EUR CMS/SOFR/SONIA] which is provided 
by [●]. As at [date], [●] [appears/does not appear] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 - 
instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment 
funds, 
as 
amended 
[(the 
"EU 
Benchmarks 
Regulation")]. (If the relevant administrator does not appear on the 
register, insert the following language) [As far as the Issuer is aware, 
[●] [does not currently fall within the scope of the EU Benchmarks 
Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of that Regulation]/[the transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, 
such that [●] is not currently required to obtain authorisation or 
registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, 
endorsement or equivalence).]] 
[Amounts payable under the Notes will be calculated by reference to 
[specify benchmark], which is provided by [administrator legal 
name]. As at [●], [administrator legal name] [appears/does not 
appear] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established 
and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority pursuant to 
Article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as 
benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to 
measure the performance of investment funds, as amended, as it 
forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the 
European (Withdrawal) Act. 2018.]/ [Not Applicable] 
7. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[●]  
(ii) Common Code: 
[●]  
(iii) Depositaries: 
 
- 
Euroclear France to act as 
Central Depositary 
[Yes / No] 
- 
Common 
Depositary 
for 
Euroclear 
SA/NV 
and 
Clearstream Banking S.A 
[Yes / No] 
(iv) Any clearing system(s) other 
than Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
and the relevant identification 
number(s): 
[Not Applicable / [●] (give name(s), address(es) and number(s))] 
(v) Delivery: 
Delivery [against / free of] payment 
(vi) Names 
and 
addresses 
of 
 
additional Paying Agent(s) (if 
 
any): 
[●]  
(vii)The 
aggregate 
principal 
 
amount 
of 
Notes 
issued 
 
has 
been 
translated 
into 
 
Euro at the rate of [●],
 
producing a sum of (for 
[Not Applicable / Euro [●]]

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 - 
 
Notes not denominated in 
 
Euro):

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 - 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Overview of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 
21 June 2021 (the "Dealer Agreement") between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arrangers, the Notes 
will be offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the 
right to sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold 
at prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten 
by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has entered into an agreement with the Arrangers for certain expenses incurred by them in connection 
with the update of the Programme. The commissions in respect of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis will be 
stated in the relevant Final Terms. 
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Permanent Dealers and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Permanent Dealers 
have agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, to indemnify the 
Issuer against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles 
the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in certain circumstances prior to 
payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended (the 
"Securities Act") or the securities laws of any U.S. State and may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt 
from the registration requirements of the Securities Act or such state securities laws. The Notes are being offered 
and sold only outside of the United States to non U.S. persons in reliance upon an exemption from registration. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act 
("Regulation S").  
Materialised Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986, as amended (the "I.R. Code") and promulgated regulations thereunder. 
Each Permanent Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent, warrant and agree that, except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it has not offered or sold and it 
will not offer, sell or, in the case of Materialised Notes, deliver, Notes (i) as part of their distribution at any time 
or (ii) otherwise until 40 calendar days after the completion of the distribution of any identifiable Tranche, within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and it will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions 
on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Terms 
used in the preceding sentence have the meanings given to them by Regulation S, except that in the case of 
Materialised Notes, the term "U.S. person" also shall have the meaning given to it by the I.R. Code and the 
regulations thereunder. 
The Notes are being offered and sold outside the United States to non-U.S. persons pursuant to and in reliance on 
Regulation S. 
In addition, until 40 calendar days after the commencement of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, 
an offer or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering of 
such tranche of Notes) may violate the registration requirements of the Securities Act.

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 - 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared by the Issuer for use in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes 
outside the United States. The Issuer and the Dealers reserve the right to reject any offer to purchase the Notes, in 
whole or in part, for any reason. This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to any person in the United 
States. Distribution of this Base Prospectus by any non-U.S. person outside the United States to any U.S. person 
or to any other person within the United States, is unauthorised and any disclosure without the prior written 
consent of the Issuer of any of its contents to any such U.S. person or other person within the United States, is 
prohibited. 
 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus 
as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area.   
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament 
and of the Council on markets in financial instruments of 15 May 2014, as amended ("EU MiFID II"); 
or 
 
b) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council 
on insurance distribution of 20 January 2016, as amended (the "Insurance Distribution Directive"), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of 
EU MiFID II; or 
 
c) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council on the prospectus to be published when securities are offered to the public or admitted to trading 
on a regulated market of 14 June 2017, as amended (the "EU Prospectus Regulation"); and 
 
2) the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe the Notes. 
 
 
United Kingdom 
 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required 
to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise 
make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed 
by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
1) the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
 
a) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 ("EUWA"); or 
 
b) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the "FSMA") to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 - 
(8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or 
 
c) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the EU Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and 
 
2) the expression an "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or 
subscribe for the Notes. 
 
Other regulatory considerations 
 
Each Permanent Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that: 
 
(a) 
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
 
(i) 
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and:  
(ii) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A) 
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing 
of investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B) 
 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments 
(as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses, 
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of section 19 of the 
FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
 
(c) 
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
 
France 
Each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that 
(a) 
it has only offered or sold and will only offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes in France to qualified 
investors (investisseurs qualifiés) as defined in Article L.411-2 1° of the French Code monétaire et 
financier and it has only distributed or caused to be distributed and will only distribute or cause to be 
distributed in France to such qualified investors this Base Prospectus, the relevant Final Terms or any 
other offering material relating to the Notes; and 
(b) 
Materialised Notes may only be issued outside of France. 
In addition, each Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not distributed or caused to be distributed and will 
not distribute or cause to be distributed in France this Base Prospectus or any other offering material relating to 
the Notes other than to investors to whom offers and sales of Notes in France may be made as described above.

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 - 
Japan  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Law No. 25 of 1948, as amended) (the "Financial Instruments and Exchange Act"). Accordingly, each 
Permanent Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not, directly or indirectly, offered or sold and will not, directly or 
indirectly, offer or sell any Notes in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, or to others for re-
offering or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan, except pursuant 
to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance with the Financial Instruments 
and Exchange Act and other applicable laws, regulations and governmental guidelines of Japan. As used in this 
paragraph, "resident of Japan" means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity 
organised under the laws of Japan. 
Hong Kong  
Each Permanent Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell in Hong Kong, by means of any document, any Notes 
(i) other than to "professional investors" as defined in the Securities and Futures Ordinance (Cap 571) of 
Hong Kong (the "SFO") and any rules thereunder or (ii) in other circumstances which do not result in 
the document being a "prospectus" as defined in the Companies (Winding Up and Miscellaneous 
Provisions) Ordinance (Cap. 32) of Hong Kong (the "C(WUMP)O") or which does not constitute an 
offer to the public within the meaning of the C(WUMP)O; and 
(b) 
it has not issued or had in its possession for the purposes of issue, and will not issue or have in its 
possession for the purposes of issue, whether in Hong Kong or elsewhere, any advertisement, invitation 
or document relating to the Notes, which is directed at, or the contents of which are likely to be accessed 
or read by, the public of Hong Kong (except if permitted to do so under the securities laws of Hong 
Kong) other than with respect to Notes which are or are intended to be disposed of only to persons outside 
Hong Kong or only to "professional investors" as defined in the SFO and any rules made thereunder. 
 
People's Republic of China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan)  
Each Permanent Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered or sold and will not offer or 
sell, directly or indirectly, any of the Notes in the PRC except as permitted by applicable PRC laws and 
regulations. 
Singapore  
Each Permanent Dealer has acknowledged and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to acknowledge that this Base Prospectus has not been and will not be registered as a prospectus with the 
Monetary Authority of Singapore and that the Notes will be offered pursuant to exemptions under the Securities 
and Futures Act, Chapter 289 of Singapore (the "SFA"). Accordingly, each Permanent Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, 
warrant and agree that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused such Notes to be made the subject of an 
invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell such Notes or cause such Notes to be made the 
subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or 
distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation 
for subscription or purchase, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an 
institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA; (ii) to a relevant 
person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant 
to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA; or (iii) 
otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a) 
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 - 
(b) 
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and 
each beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an Accredited Investor, 
securities (as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) or securities-based derivatives contracts (as defined in Section 
2(1) of the SFA) of that corporation or beneficiaries' rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall 
not be transferred within 6 months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer 
made under Section 275 of the SFA except:  
(1) 
(A) where the transfer of such securities or such beneficiaries' rights and interests is to an institutional 
investor or to a relevant person defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA or (B) where the transfer of 
securities of such corporation arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(3)(i)(B) of the SFA or where 
the transfer of rights and interests in such trust arises from an offer referred to in Section 276(4)(i)(B) of 
the SFA;  
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;  
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law; or  
(4) 
pursuant to Section 276(7) of the SFA.  
Canada 
The Notes have not been, and will not be, qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province 
or territory thereof. Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold, distributed, or delivered, and that 
it will not offer, sell, distribute, or deliver any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to, or for the benefit of, 
any resident thereof in contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof.  
Each Dealer has also agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, 
not to distribute or deliver this Base Prospectus, or any other offering material relating to the Notes, in Canada in 
contravention of the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof.  
In relation to each issue of Notes, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that Notes may be sold only to Canadian purchasers 
purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are "accredited investors", as defined in National 
Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions ("NI 45-106") or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), 
and are "permitted clients", as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and 
Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of such Notes must be made in accordance with an exemption from, 
or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
General 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Issuer and the Permanent Dealers following a 
change in a relevant law, regulation or directive. Any such modification will be set out in a supplement to this 
Base Prospectus. 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Notes, or possession 
or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any country or 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. 
Each Permanent Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
agree, that it will comply, to the best of its knowledge, with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus, any other offering material or any Final Terms. In no event, shall the Issuer nor any other Dealer have 
responsibility for the actions of such Dealer.  
Each of the Permanent Dealers has further agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to further agree, that that it has not entered and will not enter into any sub-underwriting arrangement 
with respect to the distribution of the Notes with any person other than one of its subsidiaries or affiliates without 
the prior written consent of the Issuer. Each of the Permanent Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed,

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 - 
and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that Materialised Notes may 
only be issued outside France.

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 - 
PERSONS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE INFORMATION GIVEN IN THE BASE PROSPECTUS 
 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. The Issuer declares, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, that to the best of 
the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus is in 
accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
Imerys 
43, quai de Grenelle  
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Duly represented by:  
Alessandro Dazza 
Chief Executive Officer

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 - 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
 (1) 
 Application has been made to the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier to approve this 
document as a base prospectus. Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on the Official List 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange. Application may also be made to the competent authority of any other Member State of 
the European Economic Area (the "EEA") for Notes to be listed and/or admitted to trading on a Regulated 
Market in such Member State. 
(2) 
The Issuer has obtained all necessary corporate and other consents, approvals and authorisations in the 
Republic of France in connection with the update of the Programme. Any drawdown of Notes under the 
Programme, to the extent that such Notes constitute obligations, requires the prior authorisation of the 
Conseil d'administration of the Issuer. Pursuant to Article L.228-40 of the French Code de commerce, 
the Conseil d'administration of the Issuer authorised on 17 February 2021 (i) Alessandro Dazza, 
Directeur Général of the Issuer, acting alone, and Sébastien Rouge, Directeur Financier and Fréderique 
Berthier-Raymond, Directeur Juridique, acting jointly, to issue Notes and determine their characteristics 
within the period of one (1) year and the limit of a maximum annual nominal amount of €1,500,000,000 
and a maximum nominal amount per issue of €600,000,000 and, as a consequence, conclude all 
documents regarding the update of the Programme. Further approvals of the Conseil d'administration of 
the Issuer may be provided for in the relevant Final Terms, if required. 
(3) 
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group since 
31 March 2021. 
(4) 
Except as disclosed on page 162 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document, there has been no material 
adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
(5) 
Save as disclosed on pages 108, 247 to 248, 279, 293 and 301 of the 2020 Universal Registration 
Document, to the best of the Issuer's knowledge, no potential conflicts of interest exist between the duties 
of the Directors with respect to the Issuer and their private interests and/or other duties at the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
(6) 
Except as disclosed on pages 224 and 225 of the 2020 Universal Registration Document and on page 2 
of the 2021 Q1 Press Release, during the 12 months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, there 
have been no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are 
pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), which may have, or have had in the recent past, 
significant effects on the Issuer or the Group's financial position or profitability. 
(7) 
Statements regarding the competitive position of the Issuer which can be found in the 2020 Universal 
Registration Document and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus are Imerys sourced, 
based on analyses conducted by Imerys using both internal and market data. 
(8) 
Each Definitive Materialised Note, Receipt, Coupon and Talon will bear the following legend: "Any 
United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States 
income tax laws, including the limitations provided in sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue 
Code". 
(9) 
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) of the Issuer is 54930075MZSSIB2TGC64. 
(10) 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream systems. The Notes 
will be inscribed in the books of Euroclear France (acting as central depositary) which shall credit the 
accounts of the Account Holders at the following address: Euroclear France, 66 rue de la Victoire, 75009 
Paris, France. The address, Common Code, International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and 
(where applicable) the identification number for any other relevant clearing system for each Series of 
Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms.  
The address of Euroclear is 1 boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Bruxelles, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream is 42 avenue John Fitzgerald Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg.

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 - 
(11) 
The following documents can be inspected on the website of the Issuer at the following address 
(https://www.imerys.com/fr/finance/finance/publications-information-reglementee): 
(i) the up-to-date statuts of the Issuer; 
(ii) the Final Terms for Notes that are listed and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or any other Regulated Market in any other Member State of the 
European Economic Area; and 
(iii) a copy of this Base Prospectus (including any Documents Incorporated by Reference and any 
supplements to this Base Prospectus). 
The above-mentioned documents and the Agency Agreement (which includes the form of the Lettre 
Comptable, the form of the Temporary Global Certificate and the forms of the Definitive Materialised 
Notes and the Coupons, Receipts and Talons in relation thereto) will be available for inspection at the 
specified offices of the Fiscal Agent or each of the Paying Agents during normal business hours, so long 
as Notes may be issued pursuant to, or are outstanding under, this Base Prospectus and, in the case of 
this Base Prospectus (including any Documents Incorporated by Reference and any supplements to this 
Base Prospectus), for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus.  
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are available on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange's website (www.bourse.lu) and by following the above link to the Issuer's website. 
Unless specifically incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, information contained on the 
Issuer's website (www.imerys.com) does not form part of this Base Prospectus. 
(12) 
Ernst & Young et Autres (Tour First, TSA 14444, 92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex, France) and Deloitte 
& Associés (6 place de la Pyramide - 92908 Paris La Défense - France) are the statutory auditors of the 
Issuer. Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés have audited, and rendered unqualified reports 
on, the consolidated financial statements of the Issuer as at, and for the two years ended 31 December 
2020 and 31 December 2019. Ernst & Young et Autres and Deloitte & Associés are registered as 
Commissaires aux Comptes (members of the Compagnie Régionale des Commissaires aux Comptes de 
Versailles) and regulated by the Haut Conseil du Commissariat aux Comptes. 
(13) 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will 
be specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the 
basis of the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the 
Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
(14) 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to "€", 
"Euro", "EUR" or "euro" are to the single currency of the participating member states of the European 
Union which was introduced on 1 January 1999, references to "£", "pounds sterling", "GBP" or 
"Sterling" are to the lawful currency of the United Kingdom, references to "$", "USD" or "U.S. Dollars" 
are to the lawful currency of the United States of America, references to "¥", "JPY", "Japanese yen" or 
"Yen" are to the lawful currency of Japan, references to "Swiss francs" or "CHF" are to the lawful 
currency of the Helvetic Confederation, and references to "Renminbi", "RMB" or "CNY" mean 
Renminbi Yuan and are to the lawful currency of the People's Republic of China (the "PRC"), excluding 
the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Macau Special Administrative Region and Taiwan. 
(15) 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (the "Stabilising Manager(s)") (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising 
Manager(s)) in the applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to 
supporting the market price of the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. 
However, stabilisation may not occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which 
adequate public disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if 
begun, may cease at any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 calendar days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of Notes and 60 calendar days after the date of the allotment of the relevant 
Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s) in accordance with all 
applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 - 
(16) 
In the ordinary course of their business activities, the Arrangers, the Dealers and their affiliates may make 
or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of 
their customers. Such investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of 
the Issuer or Issuer’s affiliates. Certain of the Arrangers, the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending 
relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their 
customary risk management policies. Typically, the Arrangers and/or such Dealers and their affiliates 
would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued under 
the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued 
under the Programme. The Arrangers, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions 
in such securities and instruments.  
(17) 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes may be calculated by reference to one or more 
"benchmarks" for the purposes of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation. In 
such a case, the relevant Final Terms in respect of such issuance of Floating Rate Notes will specify the 
relevant benchmark, the relevant administrator of such benchmark and whether such administrator 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European 
Securities and Markets Authority (the "ESMA") or the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the Financial Conduct Authority (the "FCA"), as applicable. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money Markets Institute as administrator of EURIBOR 
appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by ESMA pursuant 
to Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and ICE Benchmark Administration Limited as 
administrator of LIBOR and EUR CMS appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained by the FCA pursuant to Article 36 of the UK Benchmarks Regulation.  
The Bank of England as administrator of SONIA and the New York Federal Reserve as administrator of 
SOFR are not required to obtain authorization or registration (or, if located outside the European Union 
or the United Kingdom, as applicable, recognition, endorsement or equivalence) pursuant to a central 
bank exemption provided in Article 2.2(a) of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and Article 2.2(a) of the 
UK Benchmarks Regulation. 
The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks 
Regulation is a matter of public record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not 
intend to update this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration 
status of the administrator.

--- Page 99 ---
Registered Office of the Issuer 
Imerys 
43, quai de Grenelle 
75015 Paris 
France 
 
Arrangers 
BNP Paribas 
Natixis 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75009 Paris 
75013 Paris 
France 
France 
 
 
Permanent Dealers  
BNP PARIBAS 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
75009 Paris 
France 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz)  
60311 Frankfurt am Main  
Federal Republic of Germany 
 
Crédit Industriel et Commercial S.A. 
6, Avenue De Provence 
75452 Paris Cedex 9  
France  
 
HSBC Continental Europe 
38, avenue Kléber 
75116 Paris  
France 
ING Bank N.V. Belgian Branch  
Avenue Marnixlaan 24  
B-1000 Bruxelles 
Belgium 
 
MUFG Securities (Europe) N.V. 
World Trade Center, Tower H, 11th Floor 
Zuidplein 98  
1077 Xv Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
Natixis 
30, avenue Pierre Mendès France 
75013 Paris 
France 
 
RBC Capital Markets (Europe) GmbH 
Taunusanlage 17 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
 
 
RBC Europe Limited  
100 Bishopsgate 
London EC2N 4AA 
United Kingdom 
Société Générale 
29 Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris  
France 
 
 
 
 
Fiscal Agent, Principal Paying Agent and Calculation Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Corporate Trust Services 
Grands Moulins de Pantin 
3-5-7 rue du Général Compans 
93500 Pantin 
France

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 - 
 
Paying Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services 
Corporate Trust Services 
Grands Moulins de Pantin 
3-5-7 rue du Général Compans 
93500 Pantin 
France 
 
Luxembourg Listing Agent  
BNP Paribas Securities Services  
60, avenue J.F. Kennedy 
L – 2085 Luxembourg 
 
Auditors to the Issuer  
Ernst & Young et Autres 
Deloitte & Associés 
Tour First, TSA 1444 
92037 Paris-La Défense Cedex  
France 
6 place de la Pyramide  
92908 Paris La Défense 
France 
 
Legal Advisers 
as to French Law 
To the Issuer 
To the Permanent Dealers 
CMS Francis Lefebvre Avocats 
Clifford Chance Europe LLP 
2, rue Ancelle 
92522 Neuilly-sur-Seine Cedex 
France 
 
1 rue d'Astorg 
CS 60058 
75377 Paris Cedex 08 
France