--- Page 1 ---
The date of this Base Prospectus is 14 June 2022.
IMMOBEL SA 
incorporated in the Kingdom of Belgium with limited liability 
EUR 325,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under the Euro Medium Term Note programme (the “Programme”) described in this base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”), Immobel SA (the “Issuer”) may from 
time to time issue notes (the “Notes”) denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, as amended or superseded, and will be represented by 
a book entry in the records of the securities settlement system operated by the National Bank of Belgium (the “NBB”) or any successor thereto (the “NBB Securities 
Settlement System”). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 325,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein. The Notes may 
be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “Overview of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”), which appointment may be for a specific issue of Notes or on an ongoing basis. 
References in this Base Prospectus to the “relevant Dealer” shall, in the case of an issue of Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to 
all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Notes. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Belgian Financial Services and Markets Authority (Autorité des Services et Marchés 
Financiers/Autoriteit voor Financiële Diensten en Markten) (the “FSMA”) on 14 June 2022, as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended 
from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”). The FSMA only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and 
consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the FSMA should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Brussels. References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been listed on Euronext Brussels and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). The Programme furthermore provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
such other or further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months from its date of approval, being until 14 June 2023, in relation to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area (the “EEA”) and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is 
available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant 
new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.
The requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation only applies to Notes which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA 
and/or offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) and/or Article 3(2) of the Prospectus Regulation. 
References in this Base Prospectus to “Exempt Notes” are to Notes for which no prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation. The FSMA 
has neither approved nor reviewed information contained in this Base Prospectus in connection with Exempt Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price of Notes and certain other information which is applicable 
to each Tranche (as defined under “T”) of Notes will (other than in the case of Exempt Notes) be set out in a final terms document (the “Final Terms”) which will be 
filed with the FSMA and, where listed, Euronext Brussels. The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. Copies of 
Final 
Terms 
in 
relation 
to 
Notes 
to 
be 
listed 
on 
Euronext 
Brussels 
will 
also 
be 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/june-2022-emtn-programme-2022). In the case of Exempt Notes, notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, 
interest (if any) payable in respect of the Notes, the issue price of the Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche will be set out in a 
pricing supplement (the “Pricing Supplement”). 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”) or any U.S. State securities laws and may 
not be offered or sold in the United States or to, or for the account or the benefit of, U.S. persons as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act unless an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act is available and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any state of the United States 
and any other jurisdiction. Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the Final 
Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes). A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, 
reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Notes issued under this Programme constitute unsecured debt instruments. By subscribing to the Notes, investors lend money to the Issuer who 
undertakes to pay interest and to reimburse the principal amount on the maturity date. In case of insolvency or default by the Issuer, investors may not 
recover all amounts they are entitled to and risk losing all or part of their investment. Investing in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain 
risks and may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each prospective investor must carefully consider whether it is suitable for that investor to 
invest in the Notes and should, if required, obtain professional advice. Before making an investment decision, prospective investors should read the Base 
Prospectus in its entirety and, in particular, the risk factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors”, setting out certain risks in relation to an 
investment in the Notes including the risk factor entitled “The allocation of the proceeds of Green Notes to Eligible Assets by the Issuer may not meet 
investor expectations (including any green or sustainable performance objective) and may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or legislative 
criteria, which could adversely affect the value of the Green Notes.” (see pages 15 to 34 for a description of the risk factors). Investors should in particular 
be aware that the failure of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of the Green Notes to Eligible Assets (each as defined below) or to provide any allocation or 
impact reporting shall not constitute an Event of Default.  
Co-Arrangers 
Belfius Bank SA/NV
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Dealers  
Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
KBC Bank NV

--- Page 2 ---
2 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes other than Exempt Notes issued 
under the Programme for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final Terms 
for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything 
likely to affect the import of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated 
in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the FSMA. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or incorporated in 
this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be relied 
upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered as a 
recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base Prospectus or any other 
information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should purchase any Notes. Each 
investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the financial 
condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes 
constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe 
for or to purchase any Notes in any jurisdiction where it is unlawful to make the offer or the invitation in 
such jurisdiction. 
None of the Dealers or the Issuer makes any representation to any investor in the Notes regarding the legality 
of its investment under any applicable laws. Any investor in the Notes should be able to bear the economic 
risk of an investment in the Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as 
of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers expressly do 
not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme or to 
advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information coming to their attention. If at 
any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to information contained in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the 
assessment of any Notes and whose inclusion in or removal from this Base Prospectus is necessary for the 
purpose of allowing an investor to make an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, financial

--- Page 3 ---
3 
position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer, the rights attaching to the Notes and the reasons for 
the issuance of the Notes and its impact on the Issuer, the Issuer shall prepare an amendment or supplement 
to this Base Prospectus or publish a replacement Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent 
offering of the Notes. In case of an offer of Notes to the public, investors who have already agreed to purchase 
or subscribe for the Notes before a supplement is published, shall have the right, exercisable within three 
working days after the publication of the supplement, to withdraw their acceptances, provided that the 
significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy referred to above arose or was noted before 
the closing of the offer period or the delivery of the relevant Notes, whichever occurs first. The final date of 
the right of withdrawal shall be stated in the supplement. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared in English. The Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement) relating to a particular Tranche of Notes will be prepared in English. For Notes which have a 
denomination of less than EUR 100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and which are not Exempt 
Notes, a summary will be prepared in English and will be annexed to the applicable Final Terms in 
accordance with Articles 8 j° 7 of the Prospectus Regulation. To the extent required by Article 27 of the 
Prospectus Regulation, a translation of the summary will be prepared. For Non-Exempt Offers in Belgium, 
the summary shall, pursuant to Article 9 of the Belgian Law of 11 July 2018 on the offer of investments 
instruments to the public and the admission to trading on a regulated market, be translated either in French 
and Dutch, or, if the marketing materials and other documents and notices are disseminated in French or 
Dutch only, in that language only. The Issuer will be responsible for the consistency between the different 
language versions. In case of a discrepancy between the different language versions of the summary, the 
English version shall prevail. For the avoidance of doubt, Noteholders may, in their contractual relationship 
with the Issuer in relation to their investment in the Notes only, rely on the translation of the relevant 
summary as well.  
IMPORTANT – PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL 
INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any 
Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to, any Retail Investor in the EEA. For these purposes, a “Retail Investor” means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to Retail Investors in the EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making 
them available to any Retail Investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to, and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any UK 
Retail Investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “UK Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or (ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 
2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement the Insurance Distribution 
Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 
2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by 
Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs

--- Page 4 ---
4 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in 
the UK and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail 
Investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – If the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes), the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, and should not 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to, any consumer (consument/consommateur) within the 
meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), 
as amended. 
MiFID II product governance/target market – The Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of 
Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which 
will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the 
Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
“distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
The determination of the target market by the manufacturer or the distributor is the sole responsibility of the 
relevant manufacturer or distributor. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance Rules”), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Co-
Arrangers nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MIFID Product Governance Rules. 
Notwithstanding the determination of the target market, any distributor should note that the price of the Notes 
may fall and investors may lose all or part of their investment, that the Issuer may not be able to pay the 
nominal amount at maturity or pay interests due. The determination of the target market is without prejudice 
to the requirements of any contractual, legal or regulatory sales restrictions relating to the offering of the 
Notes. For the avoidance of doubt, the determination of the target market cannot be considered as: (a) an 
assessment of adequacy or appropriateness for the purposes of MiFID II or (b) a recommendation to any 
investor or group of investors to invest in, purchase or take any other action in respect of the Notes. 
Nothing in this Base Prospectus should be construed as limiting the protections given to potential investors 
under mandatory investor protection rules, including such rules under MiFID II. 
BENCHMARKS REGULATION 
Amounts payable under the Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one or more 
“benchmarks”. In this case, a statement will be included in the applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement 
(as the case may be) as to whether or not the relevant administrator of the “benchmark” is included on the 
European Securities and Markets Authority’s (“ESMA”) register of administrators and benchmarks 
established and maintained pursuant to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”). Certain “benchmarks” may 
not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation by virtue of Article 2 of the Benchmarks Regulation 
or the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation may apply to certain other 
“benchmarks” which would otherwise be in scope of the Benchmarks Regulation such that at the date of the 
applicable Final Terms or Pricing Supplement (as the case may be), the administrator of the “benchmark” is 
not required to be included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA because the administrator is at such time not required to obtain authorisation or registration (or, if 
located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or equivalence).

--- Page 5 ---
5 
The registration status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record 
and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update this Base Prospectus or the 
relevant Final Terms to reflect any change in the registration status of the administrator. 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE 
PROSPECTUS AND OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in 
any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction. 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully 
distributed, or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or 
other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any 
responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, unless specifically indicated to 
the contrary in the applicable Final Terms, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers which is 
intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, 
and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed or 
published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come must 
inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the United States, the UK, Japan, Belgium, France and the EEA, see 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
PRESENTATION OF INFORMATION 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to euro, EUR and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the 
third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the 
European Union, as amended 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
Certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) as described in the European Securities and Markets 
Authority Guidelines on Alternative Performance Measures (the “ESMA Guidelines”) published on 
5 October 2015 by ESMA and which came into force on 3 July 2016 may be included or referred to in this 
Base Prospectus. APMs are not defined in accordance with IFRS accounting standards and are used by the 
Issuer within its financial publications to supplement disclosures prepared in accordance with other 
regulations. These measures may provide useful information to enhance the understanding of financial 
performance. The APMs should however be viewed as complementary to, rather than a substitute for, the 
figures determined according to other regulatory measures.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor should, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers: 
(i) 
make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and risks of investing in the Notes and the 
information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable 
supplement; 
(ii) 
assess the context of its particular financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the 
Notes will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
consider whether it has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an 
investment in the Notes, including Notes with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies 
or where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s 
currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of financial markets; 
and 
(v) 
evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment 
and its ability to bear the applicable risks.  
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are 
legal investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other 
restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal 
advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable 
risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Potential investors should carefully review the section “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus in order to 
understand which risk factors are capable of affecting the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the 
Notes. Certain risk factors are of material importance for an assessment of the market risks associated with 
an investment in the Notes. Potential investors are invited to form their own opinion with respect to the Issuer 
as well as with respect to the conditions of any offer of Notes. The investors bear sole responsibility for the 
assessment of the advantages and the risks associated with a subscription to the Notes. An investment 
decision should be based on a comprehensive review by the investor of the entire Base Prospectus (including 
any documents incorporated by reference therein). Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should 
make its own independent assessment of the market conditions as well as of the condition and affairs, and 
its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this Base Prospectus may be deemed to be forward looking statements. Forward looking 
statements include statements concerning the Issuer’s plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future operations 
and performance and the assumptions underlying these forward looking statements. When used in this Base 
Prospectus, the words “anticipates”, “estimates”, “expects”, “believes”, “intends”, “plans”, “aims”, “seeks”, 
“may”, “will”, “should” and any similar expressions generally identify forward looking statements. Where 
applicable, the Issuer has based these forward looking statements on the current view of its management 
with respect to future events and financial performance. Although the Issuer believes that the expectations, 
estimates and projections reflected in its forward looking statements are reasonable as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus, if one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, including those identified below or 
which the Issuer has otherwise identified in this Base Prospectus, or if any of the Issuer’s underlying

--- Page 7 ---
7 
assumptions prove to be incomplete or inaccurate, the Issuer’s actual results of operation may vary from 
those expected, estimated or predicted. 
The risks and uncertainties referred to above include: 
● 
the Issuer’s ability to achieve and manage the growth of its business; 
● 
the performance of the markets in Belgium and the wider region in which the Issuer operates; 
● 
the Issuer’s ability to realise the benefits it expects from existing and future projects and investments 
it is undertaking or plans to or may undertake; 
● 
the Issuer’s ability to obtain external financing or maintain sufficient capital to fund its existing and 
future investments and projects; 
● 
changes in political, social, legal or economic conditions in the markets in which the Issuer and its 
customers operate; and 
● 
actions taken by the Issuer’s joint venture partners that may not be in accordance with its policies and 
objectives. 
Any forward looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus speak only as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus. Without prejudice to any requirements under applicable laws and regulations, the Issuer 
expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to disseminate after the date of this Base Prospectus any 
updates or revisions to any forward looking statements contained in it to reflect any change in expectations 
or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is based.

--- Page 8 ---
CONTENTS
8 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ................................................................................................................ 9
RISK FACTORS ................................................................................................................................................. 15
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ...................................................................................... 35
FORM OF FINAL TERMS ................................................................................................................................. 37
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ................................................................................................ 62
SETTLEMENT ................................................................................................................................................. 101
USE OF PROCEEDS ........................................................................................................................................ 102
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK ................................................................................................................. 103
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER .................................................................................................................... 106
TAXATION ...................................................................................................................................................... 174
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE .......................................................................................................................... 182
GENERAL INFORMATON ............................................................................................................................. 186
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES .............................. 188

--- Page 9 ---
9 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the Terms and Conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, the applicable Pricing Supplement). 
This overview must be read as an introduction in conjunction with the other parts of the Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated therein). Any decision to invest in the Notes should be based on a 
consideration by the investor of the Base Prospectus as a whole. 
The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be issued in a form other than that 
contemplated in the Conditions, in which event, in the case of Notes other than Exempt Notes, and if 
appropriate, a new Base Prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus will be published. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the “Delegated Regulation”). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this overview. Any reference to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include 
a reference to the applicable Pricing Supplement, where relevant. 
Issuer: 
Immobel 
SA, 
a 
limited 
liability 
company 
(société 
anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) organised under the laws of 
Belgium, having its registered office at Boulevard Anspach 1, 
1000 Brussels, Belgium and registered with the Crossroads Bank 
of Enterprises (Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises/Kruispuntbank 
van Ondernemingen) under the number 0405.966.675 (RLE 
Brussels, French-speaking division). 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier 
(LEI): 
549300GAV4HKKFJA8W67 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil 
its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme. In 
addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes issued 
under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of a 
particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Co-Arrangers: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Dealers: 
Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV 
 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
KBC Bank NV 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement.  
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of which 
particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting 
requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances which 
comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or

--- Page 10 ---
10 
reporting requirements from time to time (see “Subscription and 
sale”). 
Paying Agent and Listing Agent: 
Belfius Bank SA/NV. 
Calculation Agent: 
The Paying Agent (unless otherwise specified in the applicable 
Final Terms). 
Programme Size: 
Up to EUR 325,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) outstanding 
at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of the Programme 
in accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Use of proceeds 
The net proceeds of the Notes may be applied: 
(a) 
for the financing of projects under development, the 
potential acquisition of future projects and the re-
financing of existing indebtedness of the Group; or 
(b) 
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, for any 
other specific use, including to finance or re-finance 
exclusively, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible 
Assets (as defined under section “Green Finance 
Framework”). 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in series (each a “Series”), the Notes of each 
Series being intended to be interchangeable with all other Notes 
of that Series. Each Series may be issued in tranches (each a 
“Tranche”) on the same or different issue dates. The specific 
terms of each Tranche (which will be completed, where necessary, 
with the relevant Terms and Conditions and, save in respect of the 
issue date, the issue price, the date of the first payment of interest 
and the nominal amount of the Tranche, will in any case be 
identical to the terms of other Tranches of the same Series) will be 
completed in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, Notes 
may be denominated in euro and in any other currency the Euro 
foreign exchange reference rate of which is published by the 
European Central Bank agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealers. The currency of the Notes will be fixed in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid or, in the case of Exempt 
Notes, a partly-paid, basis and at an issue price which is at par or 
at a discount to, or premium over, par.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance 
with the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, as amended 
or superseded, and will be represented by a book entry in the 
records of the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto (the “NBB Securities Settlement 
System”). The Notes can be held by their holders through 
participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System, including 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, 
Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD and 
through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the 
Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext 
Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, 
LuxCSD or other participants in the NBB Securities Settlement 
System (for a list of all the NBB Securities Settlement System 
participants, please refer to https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-
investor-icsds). The Notes are accepted for settlement through the 
NBB Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject to 
the applicable settlement regulations, including the Belgian law of 
6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, as amended, 
its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 
June 1994, as amended, and the rules of the NBB Securities 
Settlement System and its annexes, as issued or modified by the 
NBB from time to time. The Noteholders will not be entitled to 
exchange the Notes into bearer form. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms).

--- Page 12 ---
12 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as the same 
may be amended and supplemented as at the Issue Date 
of the first Tranche of the Notes of the relevant Series); or 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s), 
will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as will 
be indicated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes and will be indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both (as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms). 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount or at a 
premium to their nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Exempt Notes: 
The Issuer may issue Exempt Notes. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Exempt Notes may be 
issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and Conditions of 
the Notes, in which event the relevant provisions will be included 
in the applicable Pricing Supplement. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may 
be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central 
bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to 
the relevant Specified Currency and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be €1,000 (or, if the Notes are 
denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount 
in such currency). 
Taxation: 
If the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
are specified as not applicable in the applicable Final Terms, all 
payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or

--- Page 13 ---
13 
governmental and clear of, and without withholding or deduction 
for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental. 
If both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers are specified as applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, all payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes will be made without deduction 
for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any Tax 
Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the event 
that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in certain 
limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), be 
required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision as 
further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 10 (Events of Default). 
Optional Redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes will state 
whether such Notes may be redeemed prior to their stated maturity 
at the option of the Issuer (either in whole or in part) or at the 
option of the Noteholders and/or for taxation reasons and, if so, 
the terms applicable to such redemption. 
If the Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the holders of the Notes may request 
redemption of their Notes upon the occurrence of a Change of 
Control (as defined in the Conditions) subject to the terms set out 
in the Conditions. 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and 
purchase”. 
Early Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than 
following an Event of Default) or that such Notes will be 
redeemable as provided under paragraph “Optional Redemption” 
above, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer(s) (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms). 
See “Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Redemption and 
purchase”. 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer, from time to time 
outstanding.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, 
sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction 
or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Listing and admission to trading: 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for the Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed and admitted to trading 
on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. As specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, a Series of Notes may be unlisted. 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law and submission 
to jurisdiction: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, Belgian law. The courts of Brussels, 
Belgium have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the 
Notes. If the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as not 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the submission to 
jurisdiction is without prejudice to Article 624, 1°, 2° and 4° of 
the Belgian Judicial Code. 
Selling Restrictions: 
Offers and sales of Notes may be restricted. In particular, there are 
restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and the 
offer and sale of Notes in the EEA, the United States, Belgium, 
the UK, France and Japan and on the offer and sale of Notes to 
consumers (consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek Economisch 
Recht/Code de droit économique) and/or to “Retail Investors” in 
the EEA and/or “UK Retail Investors” in the UK, as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. See “Subscription and 
Sale” below. 
The Issuer is Category 1 for the purposes of Regulation S under 
the Securities Act.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
RISK FACTORS 
The Issuer believes that the following factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
All of these factors are contingencies which may or may not occur. Factors which the Issuer believes may 
be material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes issued under the 
Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should note that the risks relating to the Issuer and the Notes summarised in the 
summary annexed to the Final Terms for that particular issue of Notes are the risks that the Issuer believes 
to be the most essential to an assessment by a prospective investor of whether to consider an investment in 
such Notes. However, as the risks which the Issuer faces relate to events and depend on circumstances that 
may or may not occur in the future, prospective investors should consider not only the information on the 
key risks summarised in the summary annexed to the Final Terms but also, among other things, the risks and 
uncertainties described below. 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be 
unable to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually 
or together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due. Although the Issuer believes 
that the risks and uncertainties described below represent all material risks and uncertainties considered 
relevant on the date of publication of this Base Prospectus for the Issuer’s business, it is not possible to 
identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deem not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its businesses and ability to 
make payments due. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus 
(including any documents incorporated by reference herein) and should reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision with respect to any Notes. Furthermore, before making an investment 
decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own stockbroker, bank 
manager, lawyer, auditor or other financial, legal and tax advisers and carefully review the risks associated 
with an investment in the Notes and consider such an investment decision in light of the prospective investor’s 
own circumstances. 
The risk factors have been presented in a number of categories depending on their nature. In accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, the most material risk factors in each category, in the assessment of the 
Issuer, taking into account the negative impact on the Issuer and the probability of their occurrence, have 
been set out first. 
Terms defined in the Conditions shall have the same meaning where used below. References to the “Group” 
are to the Issuer and its subsidiaries from time to time. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE ISSUER  
Risks related to the Issuer’s business activities and industries 
Difficulties in relation to the Issuer’s development projects, in particular delays due to the unavailability of 
materials, permitting difficulties and increasing construction costs may impact the results and financial 
condition of the Issuer. 
Development projects tend to be subject to a variety of risks, each of which could cause late delivery of a 
project and, consequently, increase the development period leading up to its contemplated sale, trigger a 
budget overrun, lead to breaches of contractual obligations, cause a loss or decrease of expected income from 
a project or even, in some cases, its actual termination.

--- Page 16 ---
16 
The Group typically acquires land to develop its projects without any required permits being granted up 
front. The Group’s projects are therefore subject to the risk of changes in the relevant urban planning 
requirements and regulations and environmental and, most importantly, construction and/or environmental 
permits being obtained in a form consistent with the project plan and concept. The realisation of any project 
may, therefore, be adversely affected by (i) the failure to obtain, maintain or renew necessary permits, (ii) 
delays in obtaining, maintaining or renewing relevant permits and (iii) the failure to comply with the terms 
and conditions of the permits. Furthermore, a permit may be subject to an appeal in suspension (such as the 
suspension, by the Council of State pursuant to a judgment dated 11 April 2022, of the construction permit 
for the Brouck’R Project, due to which ongoing demolition works were suspended as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus) and/or annulment by an interested party. Any such procedure could further suspend and/or delay 
the development and, ultimately, the sale of a project and negatively impact the financial condition of the 
Group. Due to the lingering COVID-19 pandemic, various projects of the Group have encountered and may 
continue (depending on possible flare-ups of the COVID-19 pandemic) to encounter significant delays, due 
to, amongst others, suspensions in the permitting process and/or unavailability of staff, contractors and 
supplies which could lead to, for example, delays in the delivery of the projects, following which penalties 
might be due or other sanction mechanisms (such as break-costs in case long-stop dates for handovers are 
not respected) might apply. Please also refer to risk factor “The fallout and lingering effects of the COVID-
19 pandemic could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, performance and financial condition” 
below. 
As at 31 December 2021, 4.2% of the Group’s development portfolio was fully sold, 17,0% of the Group’s 
total development portfolio was operational and 78.8% of the Group’s total development portfolio was either 
not yet operational or/and had not yet obtained a permit. For an overview of the current status of the most 
important development projects of the Group, please refer to paragraph 7 – ‘Business overview – Overview 
of the development portfolio’ in the section “Description of the Issuer”. 
Other factors which may have an impact on the development of the Group’s projects are delays resulting 
from, amongst other things, adverse weather conditions, work disputes, construction processes, issues with 
counterparties, shortages of equipment or construction materials, accidents or unforeseen technical 
difficulties and destruction of projects. Please also refer to risk factor “The Issuer’s development and/or 
investment activities may be adversely impacted by failure by counterparties to honour their obligations 
and/or disagreement with partners or co-investors” below.   
In particular, the increasing commodity prices, shortages of equipment and/or construction materials, the 
delays in manufacturing and/or delivery of such materials and equipment, the rapid increase of the energy 
prices and the resulting increase of (general) contractor prices as well as the recent push for variable pricing 
in the contractual terms of the (general) contractor agreements may have an impact on the expected return 
of the projects and therefore the operational results of the Issuer. The conflict between Russia and Ukraine, 
which started in February 2022, and the consecutive global geopolitical tensions (including restrictions on 
oil and gas exports) have further aggravated this trend. Where possible, the Issuer is taking measures to 
address the increased (general) contractor prices and commodities prices, e.g., by negotiating indexation 
clauses in sale agreements, by increasing the sale price of properties and/or by extending project delivery 
times. 
Taking into account these risks, the Issuer does not have the full assurance that all its development projects 
(i) can be completed in the expected timeframe, (ii) can be completed within the expected budgets or (iii) can 
be completed at all. If any of the risks highlighted above materialises and adversely impacts the successful 
development of projects, this could have an impact on the delivery time for a project and/or its completion 
cost, which in both cases will impact the profitability of the project, and may consequently have a material 
adverse effect on the Issuer’s results, financial condition and prospects.

--- Page 17 ---
17 
Changes to market conditions in the markets where the Issuer’s portfolio is located may adversely impact 
the value of the portfolio and consequently, the financial position of the Issuer. 
The Issuer’s revenues depend to a large extent on the volume and the exit value of its real estate projects. 
Hence, the results of the Issuer can fluctuate significantly from year to year depending on the number of 
projects that can be brought to the market for disposal and their ultimate exit value. 
In this respect, the Issuer is exposed to the national and international economic conditions and other events 
and occurrences that affect the markets in which the Issuer’s property development portfolio is located: the 
office property market in Belgium (mainly in Brussels), Luxembourg, Poland and France; the residential 
(apartments and plots) property market in Belgium, Luxembourg, Germany, Poland and France, and the 
leisure market in Spain. For an overview of recent developments in the markets in which the Group is active, 
please refer to paragraph 7 – ‘Business overview – Market description’ in the section “Description of the 
Issuer” and for an overview of the composition and location of the Issuer’s property development portfolio, 
please refer to paragraph 7 – ‘Business overview – Overview of the development portfolio’ in the section 
“Description of the Issuer”. 
Changes in the principal macroeconomic indicators (such as the gross domestic product) or a general 
economic slowdown in one or more of the Issuer’s markets, or on a global scale including as a result of the 
COVID-19 pandemic (please also refer to risk factor “The fallout and lingering effects of the COVID-19 
pandemic could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s business, performance and financial condition” 
above) or due to the uncertain nature and duration of the conflict between Russia and Ukraine and the 
resulting market volatility, could result in a lower demand for office buildings, residential property or 
building plots, higher vacancy rates and higher risk of default of service providers, building contractors, 
tenants and other counterparties. Such changes may in particular impact the Group’s projects with a longer 
lead time – as at 31 December 2021, 40.6% of the projects in the Group’s portfolio were expected to be 
delivered in one to three years, 32.6% was expected to be delivered in four to five years, 23.0% in six to ten 
years and 3.7% in more than ten years.  
The Group mainly has projects located in Belgium which accounted for 57% of the Group’s total 
development portfolio as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 52% of the Group’s total development portfolio 
as at 31 December 2020). Furthermore, the Group mainly develops projects in the residential segment, which 
accounted for 71% of the Group’s total development portfolio as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 72% 
of the Group’s total development portfolio as at 31 December 2020) and (to a lesser extent) in the office 
segment, which accounted for 29% of the Group’s total development portfolio as at 31 December 2021 
(compared to 28% as at 31 December 2020). This limited diversification in terms of geography and 
development segment subjects the Group to concentration risk. For an overview of recent developments in 
the Group’s activities, please refer to paragraph 7 – ‘Business overview – History and development’ in the 
section “Description of the Issuer”. 
Furthermore, there is no certainty that, once on the market, the Issuer will find a buyer for a project or that 
the transfer occurs at appropriate or expected conditions. The Issuer could also experience difficulties in the 
search for suitable tenants of its projects it wishes to lease and in relation to the follow-up of the leases before 
a disposal of a project. Finally, the Issuer has some projects where an asset under development is preleased 
or pre-sold to a third party and where the Issuer could incur substantial liabilities and be subject to legal 
actions and claims if and when such projects are not completed within the pre-agreed timeline. As at 
31 December 2021, the Group had approximately 685,991 square meters of projects under development in 
its portfolio, including 469,644 square meters of projects currently under construction, of which 31.5% were 
pre-sold.  
Any of such risks could reduce revenues for the Group’s projects and the demand for these projects generally, 
which could in turn materially adversely affect the value of the Issuer’s property portfolio and, consequently,

--- Page 18 ---
18 
its financial position and development prospects. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of 
Notes which have a longer maturity. 
The fallout and lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect the Issuer’s 
business, performance and financial condition. 
Since its outbreak in December 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has spread globally and governments have 
taken various measures to mitigate the further spread and rate of infections such as mandatory social 
distancing, travel restrictions, closures of stores and workplaces, imposition of quarantines and even 
lockdowns. While many of these negative effects have largely receded as at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
these measures have had an adverse impact on the business activities of the Group, and – for example, in 
case of possible new flare-ups of the pandemic – may continue to have, an adverse effect on the economy 
and the business activities of the Group in the countries where it operates (see pages 111 and 163-164 of the 
annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021). 
The Group’s projects have faced and – for example, in case of possible new flare-ups of the pandemic - may 
continue to face significant delays due to, amongst others, unavailability of staff, its contractors and supplies 
which could lead to, for example, delays in delivery of the projects following which penalties might be due 
or other sanction mechanisms (such as break-costs in case long stop dates for handovers are not respected) 
might apply.  
It is furthermore unclear how the expansion of the home office will affect the demand for office properties 
in the medium and long term. It cannot be excluded that that the trend towards flexible office space rentals 
and co-working could even have a stronger impact on the office market in the future.  
While the Issuer has proactively taken various measures to mitigate the impact of COVID-19, the extent of 
the further impact of COVID-19 on the Group’s operations will continue to depend on various uncertain 
factors and a new wave of infections and corresponding regulatory actions cannot be excluded. 
Any of the above factors could, especially if the COVID-19 pandemic were to regain traction, impact the 
Group’s ability to complete and sell the projects in its development portfolio and consequently, have a 
significant adverse effect on the Group’s business, assets, financial condition, cash flow and results of 
operations, which may in turn impair the ability of the Issuer to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
Failure to identify and secure sufficient interesting projects and/or at favourable conditions may result in 
reduced income generation and loss of market share. 
The Issuer may face difficulties in identifying a sufficient number or volume of interesting development 
projects in its markets in a consistent manner every year to sustain its strategy and growth plans, including 
the potential to acquire such projects on terms which it deems to be appropriate or acceptable. Such terms 
are based on a combination of operational, financial, legal and other parameters, including, among others, 
cost of acquisition, development potential, size of the project, location (with a target on prime locations), 
leasing potential, (re)development costs, lead time, permitting risks, realisable IRR and profit margin (for 
more information about the Issuer’s strategy, please refer to paragraph 6 – ‘Strategy’ in the section 
“Description of the Issuer”). The geographical markets and segments in which the Issuer is active are very 
competitive. High competition may drive the prices of land up and may put pressure on the sale prices upon 
completion. Any failure by the Issuer to acquire a sufficient number of qualitative new development projects 
may result in reduced income generation and loss of market share and may subsequently adversely affect the 
Group’s business, financial position, results and prospects.  
An inappropriate development and investment strategy and underlying assumptions and assessments may 
impact demand and consequently the Issuer’s revenues. 
When making strategic decisions on property development investments, the Issuer has to make certain 
assessments and assumptions as to future economic conditions, market trends and other conditions, including

--- Page 19 ---
19 
assessments and assumptions relating to the potential return on investment at the time of completion of a 
project. For example, the Issuer aims to develop its projects in prime locations, which may evolve over time 
due to a variety of factors (including because of geopolitical changes and instability). 
The risks relating to the correctness of the specific assessments and assumptions are a function of a number 
of variables and may be even more imminent and material in relation to long-term projects, because it is 
more difficult to predict such variables over an extended period of time. As at 31 December 2021, the average 
time to delivery of the Group’s development projects (as a percentage of the equity invested) was split as 
follows: 40.7% was delivered within one to three years, 32.6% was delivered within four to five years, 23.0% 
was delivered between six to ten years and 3.7% was delivered after ten years.  
In addition, the Issuer may not take into account all relevant factors to make an informed decision or the 
Issuer’s assessments and assumptions may not be verified in practice. 
Making the right strategic decisions on property development investments and making the right assessments 
and assumptions about (future) market trends and conditions is a key factor for the success of the Issuer’s 
business. If the Issuer makes the wrong strategic decision or uses the wrong or not all relevant factors or if 
the assessments or assumptions do not prove to have been accurate, this may have an impact on the Issuer’s 
revenues for its projects (through disposals or leases) and the demand for these projects generally, and, as a 
result have an adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
Changes in interest rates may have an impact on factors like the demand for and the yield of the Issuer’s 
development projects. 
A variation in the interest rates may have an impact on the demand for real estate as an asset class and for 
the Issuer’s projects in the various segments in which it is active. On the office market, for instance, a 
variation in the interest rate may also affect the yield used to compute the exit value of office real estate. 
Furthermore, the Issuer’s development projects are in general subject to risks relating to interest rate 
fluctuations, for example because of the impact thereof on construction costs due to increased costs on the 
project financing. Any such changes may have a material impact on the capacity of the Issuer to sell its 
projects at the expected returns and may also, with a delayed effect, have an impact on the value of the 
Issuer’s property development portfolio. Please also refer to risk factor “Changes to market conditions in the 
markets where the Issuer’s portfolio is located may adversely impact the value of the portfolio and 
consequently, the financial position of the Issuer” above and note 25 (Information related to the net financial 
debt) of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. Any of these factors may have 
an adverse impact on the Issuer’s business, results, financial condition or prospects. 
The Issuer’s development and/or investment activities may be adversely impacted by failure by 
counterparties to honour their obligations and/or disagreement with partners or co-investors. 
In the context of its development activities, the Issuer is subject to the risk that a counterparty, such as a 
purchaser of a pre-sold project, contractor, architect or other service provider, does not or does not timely 
honour its contractual obligations. Although the Issuer pursues diversification as part of its counterparty 
selection process and a monitoring of their performance, such inability of a counterparty to honour its 
contractual obligations could have an impact on the Issuer’s planning and project costs, its capacity to 
perform its own contractual obligations and, consequently, its operational or financial position (e.g. when a 
general contractor does not abide by its contractual obligations, this could delay the construction works, 
impact the planning and/or the project costs of the entire project and therefore its operational and financial 
results). In addition, in case of insolvency of any contractors (or architects), this would significantly increase 
the risk that the Group could be held liable under the ten-year civil liability under Belgian law, instead of 
such contractors (or architects).  
As part of its business strategy, the Issuer actively pursues joint investments in properties and assets with 
third parties and intends to purchase and develop properties in joint ventures or partnerships with the sellers

--- Page 20 ---
20 
of the properties, other developers or financial investors, in certain circumstances as a minority shareholder. 
For further information on the strategy of the Issuer, please refer to paragraph 6 – ‘Strategy’ in the section 
“Description of the Issuer”. 
Joint ownership of properties may, under certain circumstances, involve additional risks, such as (i) the 
possibility that the Issuer may incur liabilities as a result of actions taken by any such partner or co-investor 
or their inability to honour their contractual obligations and (ii) the fact that the partners or co-investors in 
the venture may have a difference of opinion in relation to the development or sale of the venture’s properties, 
the strategy of the venture, its management or their rights upon termination or divestment of the venture. 
Any such circumstances may result in subjecting the assets of the joint venture or partnership to unexpected 
liabilities. Under these arrangements, the Issuer may not have the power to exercise control over the venture 
and, under certain circumstances, a difference of opinion with its partner or co-investor may lead to an 
impasse that may have, or result in, an adverse impact on the value of its asset(s), the operations and 
profitability of the joint venture or partnership and, ultimately, the financial position of the Issuer. 
The Issuer strongly relies on its key management and personnel and, in particular, on the Executive 
Chairman and CEO of the Group, Mr Marnix Galle, and failure to retain and attract skilled managers or 
personnel could negatively impact the financial condition and prospects of the Issuer. 
The Issuer relies on its current executives and members of its managerial staff and key personnel who have 
specific experience in the markets and business in which the Issuer operates to successfully execute its 
business strategy. In particular, the Group strongly relies on the sector-specific knowledge, skills, experience, 
network and seniority of Mr Marnix Galle, who serves both as Executive Chairman and CEO of the Group 
and thus plays a crucial role in the development of the activities of the Group. If Mr Marnix Galle would no 
longer control the Issuer and/or no longer play a significant role in the management of the Group, this could 
lead to negative market or industry perception. Please also refer to the corporate governance statement set 
out on page 116 of the Issuer’s annual report for the financial year ending 31 December 2021 and 
paragraph 11 – ‘Management and corporate governance’ in the section “Description of the Issuer” for more 
information.
Loss of its managerial staff and other key personnel, for example experienced personnel to develop the 
Group’s projects, could adversely affect the Issuer’s performance and success. Furthermore, loss of 
personnel renders it more difficult for the Group to develop standardised systems and to train its personnel, 
which is crucial to ensure that projects are developed with the quality expected of high-end real estate 
developers in the market. 
In addition, the Issuer might find it difficult to recruit suitable employees having the relevant expertise, both 
for expanding its operations and for replacing employees who may resign, or recruiting such suitable 
employees may entail substantial costs both in terms of salaries and other incentive schemes. The unexpected 
loss of the services of one or more of these key individuals (and, in particular, of Mr Marnix Galle) and any 
negative market or industry perception arising from such loss could have a material adverse effect on the 
Issuer’s business (and, in particular, its income generation, market share and governance) and could hence 
negatively impact the results of operations, financial condition and prospects of the Issuer. 
Concentration of power and conflicts of interest could adversely impact the interests of the Noteholders. 
A concentration of significant decision-making powers in the hands of a limited number of people and 
conflicts of interest could adversely impact the interests of various stakeholders, including the noteholders. 
The Group strongly relies on certain key managers and in particular on the sector specific knowledge, skills, 
experience and network of Mr Marnix Galle who is currently the Group’ main shareholder and combines the 
functions of executive chairman and CEO of the group. The Group has put in place a corporate governance 
structure with various policies with respect to dividends, diversity, compensation, reporting and risk 
management. The Group has also put in place a decision-making structure with various management teams

--- Page 21 ---
21 
and executive and advisory committees, such as the investment committee, audit and risk committee, etc. 
(comprising a majority of independent members). The Issuer furthermore applies the corporate governance 
rules (including the conflicts of interest procedure) as set out in of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code and has adopted the Belgian Corporate Governance Code published on 17 May 2019.  
Notwithstanding the various procedures and policies in place and even though the interests of Mr Galle and 
the other stakeholders are to a certain extent aligned, the checks and balances may not be sufficient to prevent 
that certain key individuals such as Mr Galle exercise a significant influence on the decision-making process 
of the Issuer. This may not always be in the interest of the Group’s other stakeholders and could ultimately 
impact the Group’s business, prospects or financial condition which could in turn have an adverse impact on 
the Noteholders. 
Risks related to the Issuer’s financial situation 
The Issuer may be unable to maintain a sufficient liquidity level and/or attract and maintain the necessary 
financing at favourable terms. 
The development of the Group’s projects requires important investments which are primarily financed 
through equity and credit facilities at the level of the development. For an overview of the current financing 
arrangements of the Issuer, in particular the maturity profile of the financings, please refer to paragraph 9 – 
‘Financing arrangements’ in the section “Description of the Issuer”. 
The Group may not be able to renew the existing financing agreements or the existing financings may be 
cancelled. The Group may furthermore be unable to attract new financing or to negotiate and enter into new 
financing agreements on terms which are commercially desirable. This risk is more likely to materialise 
and/or if it materialises may have a more significant impact on the Group in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
Please also refer to risk factor “The fallout and lingering effects of the COVID-19 pandemic could materially 
adversely affect the Issuer’s business, performance and financial condition” above. 
The Issuer’s Adjusted Gearing Ratio (as defined in the Conditions) amounted to 0.58 as at 31 December 
2021 (compared to 0.64 at 31 December 2020) and the Adjusted Inventories / Net Financial Debt ratio (as 
defined in the Conditions) amounted to 1.76 as at 31 December 2021 (compared to 1.61 at 31 December 
2020).  
The Issuer’s Net Financial Debt (as defined in the Conditions) amounted to EUR 736 million as at 
31 December 2021 (compared to EUR 802 million at 31 December 2020). The Issuer’s Adjusted Inventories 
(as defined in the Conditions) amounted to EUR 1,293 million as at 31 December 2021 (compared to EUR 
1,291 million at 31 December 2020).  
For an overview of the key financials of the Issuer, please refer to paragraph 3 – ‘Selected financial 
information’ in the section “Description of the Issuer”. 
The financial covenants set out in the Conditions differ, in certain respects, from the financial covenants 
under certain previous bond offerings of the Issuer, including the EUR 100 million fixed rate bonds issued 
by the Issuer on 1 June 2017 and the EUR 100 million fixed rate bonds issued by the Issuer on 17 October 
2018. In particular, the adjusted gearing ratio in the abovementioned preceding bond offerings of the Issuer 
was defined as the ratio of the Adjusted Consolidated Equity to the total assets of the consolidated (IFRS) 
balance sheet of the Issuer, whereas the Adjusted Gearing Ratio in the proposed Notes is defined as the ratio 
of Net Financial Debt to the sum of Adjusted Consolidated Equity and Net Financial Debt. This means that 
the Adjusted Gearing Ratio in the proposed Notes is now defined in a way that takes into account the net 
financial debt that is situated in the joint ventures (pro rata to the Issuer’s stake in the joint ventures) and 
does not take into account (i) the Issuer’s non-financial debt and (ii) the full amount of the Issuer’s financial 
debt, as the cash and cash equivalents (trésoreries et équivalents de trésorerie/ geldmiddelen en 
kasequivalenten) are deducted to determine the Net Financial Debt. In addition, the definition of Adjusted 
Inventories (which is used for the calculation of the Adjusted Inventories/Net Financial Debt) has been

--- Page 22 ---
22 
amended to include not only the “Inventories” but also the “Investment property” of the consolidated (IFRS) 
balance sheet of the Issuer. The adjusted gearing ratio is now also presented in a reverse manner with a focus 
on the amount of Net Financial Debt instead of the amount of Adjusted Consolidated Equity. Net Financial 
Debt to Adjusted Consolidated Equity and Net Financial Debt can pursuant to the Conditions of the Notes 
not exceed 0.80 to 1. Finally, it should be noted that the financial covenants of the Notes will be computed 
on a “frozen GAAP” basis, which means that they will be computed on the basis of the accounting principles 
and practices consistent with those applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements. 
In addition, other existing credit agreements of the Group also include certain covenants. A breach of any 
such covenants may lead to an event of default under the relevant bonds or credit agreements and a cross 
default under different financings, including the Notes. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is 
not in default under any of its financing arrangements. 
For further information, please refer to note 25 (Information related to the net financial debt) of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021, 
If the Group is unable to maintain a sufficient liquidity level and/or secure the necessary financing against 
favourable terms, the Group may be unable or face important challenges to make certain investments or 
proceed with certain projects. This may have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’ cash flow and results. 
The Issuer is, to a certain extent, dependent on the financial position of its subsidiaries. 
Each project of the Group is in principle held by a separate legal entity whereby the Issuer is primarily the 
holding company, in which case specific project financings may be contracted. Certain of these financing 
agreements may include the benefit of security interests over the project assets as well as the provision of 
guarantees or other forms of comfort granted by the Issuer for the obligations of the relevant subsidiary. The 
latter comprise, amongst others, cash deficiency guarantees and cost overrun guarantees. Any trigger of these 
guarantees, if not remedied or waived, could result in the Group being required to repay these borrowings 
before their due date and/or to pay a substantial amount of money. Any issue in relation to such project 
financings may, accordingly, have an impact on the distributions the Issuer may receive from its subsidiaries 
and, ultimately, the Issuer’s ability to meet its financial obligations under the Notes. 
For further information, please refer to note 17 (Investments in joint ventures and associates) of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. Please also refer to the risk factors entitled “The 
Notes do not benefit from security or guarantees and will, in an insolvency scenario, be subordinated to any 
current or future secured indebtedness of the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) 
indebtedness of the subsidiaries of the Issuer” and “The Issuer may not have the ability to repay the Notes 
at their maturity or in case of an Event of Default, or to pay interests due” below. 
Fluctuations in the Issuer’s interest rates could materially impact its financial results. 
Given its current and future indebtedness, the Issuer is affected by a short or long-term change in interest 
rates, by the credit margins taken by the banks and by the other financing conditions. 
The Issuer’s financing is mainly provided on the basis of short-term interest rates (based on the Euribor rates 
for one to twelve months), with the exception of certain bond issues which have a fixed rate. As at 31 
December 2021, the Group’s short-term interest rate financings amounted to EUR 387,000,000. Short-term 
project financing is not hedged. In case of acquisitions of projects of which the development will only start 
on a mid-long term and in relation to corporate financing, the Issuer will in principle enter into the financing 
on a fixed-rate basis or hedge the relevant variable rate.  
For further information, please also refer to paragraph 9 – ‘Financing arrangements’ in the section 
“Description of the Issuer” and note 25 (Information related to the net financial debt) of the annual report 
of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
Legal and regulatory risks 
Due to the nature and regulatory framework of the business in which it operates, the Issuer faces an 
increased risk of liability for environmental issues regarding its property development portfolio. 
The Issuer’s operations and property development portfolio are subject to various laws and regulations in 
the countries in which it operates concerning the protection of the environment, including, but not limited 
to, regulation of air, soil and water quality, controls of hazardous or toxic substances and guidelines regarding 
health and safety. Due to the nature of the Issuer’s business and the significant liabilities which may 
potentially arise from breaches of environmental laws, the Issuer faces an increased compliance risk with 
respect to such laws and regulations. 
The Issuer may be required to pay for clean-up costs (and, in specific circumstances, for aftercare costs) for 
any contaminated property it currently owns or may have owned in the past. In addition, contaminated 
properties may experience decreases in value. As a property developer, the Issuer may also be subject to 
legal actions and claims, incur fines or other penalties for any lack of environmental compliance and may be 
liable for remedial costs. Any of these risks may cause significant reputational damage to the Issuer (causing 
decreased sales or a diminished ability to acquire interesting new development projects) and may have a 
material adverse effect on the financial condition, business and prospects of the Group. 
The Issuer may be subject to litigation, including potential warranty claims relating to the lease, 
development or sale of real estate. 
In the normal course of the Issuer’s business, legal actions, claims against and by the Issuer and its 
subsidiaries and arbitration proceedings involving the Issuer and its subsidiaries may arise. The Issuer is 
specifically subject to numerous complex and fast evolving laws (including environmental laws) which may 
give rise to various kinds of disputes. Furthermore, due to the nature of its business, the Issuer is involved in 
dealings with a wide array of counterparties (sellers or purchasers of properties, tenants, contractors and 
subcontractors, current or former employees…) or third parties which may initiate proceedings. Such 
proceedings could have a material adverse effect on the Issuer’s business, financial condition, operating 
results and prospects. 
The Issuer may also be subject to warranty claims due to defects in quality or title relating to the leasing and 
sale of its properties. This liability may apply to defects in properties that were unknown to the Issuer but 
could have, or should have, been revealed. It may also be subject to legal actions and claims by purchasers 
of its properties based on breaches of representations and warranties about those properties given by the 
Issuer at the time of disposal. 
Any such legal disputes may involve substantial claims for damages or other payments. There may also be 
adverse publicity associated with litigation, regardless of whether the allegations are valid or whether the 
Group is ultimately found liable. As a result, such proceedings could have an adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. 
RISK FACTORS SPECIFIC TO THE NOTES  
Risks relating to the Conditions 
The Notes do not benefit from security or guarantees and will, in an insolvency scenario, be subordinated to 
any current or future secured indebtedness of the Issuer and to any current or future (secured or unsecured) 
indebtedness of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. 
The right of the Noteholders to receive payment on the Notes is not secured or guaranteed. Upon a winding-
up of the Issuer or in case insolvency proceedings are brought in relation to the Issuer, the Notes will be 
effectively subordinated to the secured indebtedness of the Issuer. Pursuant to the insolvency laws, secured 
creditors of the Issuer will be paid out of the proceeds of the security they hold in priority to the holders of 
the Notes. Upon a winding up or insolvency of the Issuer’s subsidiaries the Noteholder will be structurally

--- Page 24 ---
24 
subordinated to any indebtedness of the subsidiaries of the Issuer. The creditors of such subsidiary will need 
to be repaid in full prior to any distribution being possible to the Issuer as shareholder of such subsidiary. In 
addition, the right of the Noteholders to obtain (full or partial) repayment of the Notes may be substantially 
affected due to the application of any insolvency or reorganisation laws and procedures. Payments under the 
Notes and enforcement measures are in principle suspended. Noteholders may also be forced to accept a 
reorganisation plan on the basis of which their claims to obtain payment of principal and interest under the 
Notes are significantly reduced, without their prior consent. 
The below table comprises a breakdown overview of the secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group 
on a consolidated basis and at the level of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis. Please note 
that this overview excludes any debt at the level of the Excluded Entities (as defined in the Conditions), 
which are accounted for under the equity method in the annual report of the Issuer. The indebtedness of the 
Excluded Entities is however to a certain extent taken into account for the calculation of the financial 
covenants set out in the Condition 8 (Covenants) and Condition 10 (Events of Default). For segment 
information on the financial position of the Excluded Entities as at 31 December 2021, please refer to note 1 
of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
In MEUR  
as at  
31 December 
2021 
Issuer 
Subsidiaries 
Group  
(on a consolidated 
basis) 
Secured 
debt 
Unsecured 
debt 
Secured 
debt 
Unsecured 
debt 
Secured 
Unsecured
Bonds 
and 
commercial 
paper 
0 
450
0 
0
0 
450
Bank debt 
66 
0
350 
0
416 
0
TOTAL 
66 
450
350 
0
416 
450
Percentage 
13% 
87%
100% 
0%
48% 
52%
The Issuer may also incur substantial additional indebtedness in the future, including in connection with 
future acquisitions of development projects, some of which may be secured by some or all of the Issuer’s 
assets. Right of payment under the Notes might be subordinated to future additional indebtedness of the 
Issuer which might be secured, whereas the Notes are unsecured. 
If security is provided by the Issuer or any subsidiary (other than any Excluded Entity) in respect of any 
present or future indebtedness in the form of or represented by any bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan 
stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, listed, quoted or traded on any stock 
exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any over-the-counter-market), and as 
long as any Note remains outstanding, the same or similar security is to be granted for the benefit of the 
Noteholders pursuant to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), as provided in more detail in the Conditions. 
The Issuer is, however, not restricted from granting security for other indebtedness (including bank loans) 
and it cannot be excluded that the Issuer would enter into secured bank loans in the future, which will then 
benefit first from the proceeds from the enforcement of such security in the event of liquidation, dissolution, 
reorganisation, bankruptcy or any other similar procedure affecting the Issuer. In addition, Excluded Entities 
are also not restricted from granting security for any indebtedness (both bond and bank debt).

--- Page 25 ---
25 
In case of a liquidation, dissolution, reorganisation, insolvency or similar procedures affecting the Issuer, the 
creditors of the secured debt of the Issuer will, upon enforcement, be repaid in priority with the proceeds of 
the assets of the Issuer and in case of insolvency or other similar procedures affecting the subsidiaries of the 
Issuer; the Noteholders’ claims would be structurally subordinated to those of any secured and unsecured 
creditors to the Issuer’s subsidiaries. In any such situation, the Noteholders’ ability to obtain full or partial 
repayment may be prejudiced. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of Notes which have 
a longer maturity. 
The value of the Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates and inflation. 
Investment in the Notes involves the risk that the price of such Note falls as a result of changes in market 
interest rates. While the interest rate of the Fixed Rate Note is fixed, the current interest rate on the market 
(market interest rate) typically changes on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a 
Fixed Rate Note tends to evolve in the opposite direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of 
such Note typically falls, until the yield of such note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
Inflation risk is the risk relating to the future value of money. In this respect, the actuarial yield on the Notes 
would be reduced due to the effect of inflation. The higher the inflation, the lower the actuarial return of a 
Note. If the inflation is equal to or higher than the interest rate applicable to the Notes, then the actuarial 
return is equal to zero or could be negative. Noteholders should therefore be aware that movements of the 
market interest rate and the inflation can adversely affect the price of the Notes and can lead to losses for the 
Noteholders if they sell the Notes. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of Notes which 
have a longer maturity. 
The allocation of the proceeds of Green Notes to Eligible Assets by the Issuer may not meet investor 
expectations (including any green or sustainable performance objective) and may not be aligned with future 
guidelines and/or regulatory or legislative criteria, which could adversely affect the value of the Green 
Notes.
The Final Terms relating to any specific Series of Notes may provide that such Notes will constitute green 
notes (such notes, the “Green Notes”). If the use of proceeds of the Notes as “Green Notes” is a factor in a 
prospective investor’s decision to invest in the Notes, they should consider the disclosure in the sections 
“Use of Proceeds” (on page 102 of the Base Prospectus) and “Green Finance Framework” (on pages 103 to 
105 of the Base Prospectus), and consult with their legal or other advisers before making an investment in 
the Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any 
investment in the Notes together with any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  
Investors should take into account that there is currently no clear single definition (legal, regulatory or 
otherwise) of, nor international market consensus as to what constitutes, a “green” or “sustainable” or an 
equivalently labelled project or as to what precise attributes are required for a particular project to be defined 
as “green” or “sustainable” or to receive such other equivalent label. The European Union has already 
adopted various sustainability related rules and regulations, including the Regulation (EU) No 2020/852 on 
the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Taxonomy”), establishing 
the criteria for determining whether an economic activity qualifies as environmentally sustainable for the 
purposes of establishing the degree to which an investment is environmentally sustainable. The EU 
Taxonomy is still being further developed and will be further supplemented by various delegated acts. In 
addition, on 6 July 2021, the European Commission proposed the adoption of a Regulation on a voluntary 
EU Green Bond Standard, which will (if applied), among other things, require EU Taxonomy alignment. 
For purposes of establishing the Green Finance Framework in March 2021, the EU Taxonomy has not been 
applied and it is therefore possible that the Green Finance Framework and the allocation of the proceeds of 
the Green Notes to Eligible Assets (as defined under section “Green Finance Framework” in the Base 
Prospectus) are not taxonomy aligned. In light of the continuing development of legal, regulatory and market 
conventions in the green and sustainable market, there is a risk that the use of proceeds of any Green Notes

--- Page 26 ---
26 
will not satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any such future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with 
which any investor or its investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules 
or investment portfolio mandates.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply an amount equal or equivalent to the net proceeds of any Green 
Notes in, or substantially in, the manner described under the section entitled “Use of Proceeds”, the 
application of such amount to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, new or existing Eligible Assets, 
may not be capable of being implemented in, or substantially in, such manner and/or in accordance with any 
timeframe, or that such proceeds may not be totally or partially disbursed as planned, for reasons that are 
outside the Issuer’s control or which the Issuer is not able to anticipate. Green Notes or the assets they finance 
(or refinance) may not have the results or outcome (whether or not related to environmental or other 
objectives) originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. The Issuer intends to provide regular information 
on the use of proceeds of its Green Notes and to publish related impact and/or allocation reports on its website 
(https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/green-finance-framework), but it is under no obligation to 
do so. For further information on the Issuer’s track record of existing Green Notes, please refer to paragraph 
9 – ‘Financing arrangements’ in the section “Description of the Issuer”. In addition, the Issuer may change 
its Green Finance Framework and/or the selection criteria it uses to select Eligible Assets at any time. In 
particular, these frameworks and definitions may or may not be modified to adapt to any update that may be 
made to the International Capital Market Association’s (“ICMA”) Green Bond Principles and/or the Loan 
Market Association’s (“LMA”) Green Loan Principles on which the Green Finance Framework of the Issuer 
is based or to align with the EU Taxonomy. The Issuer's failure to allocate the proceeds of the Green Notes 
to finance an Eligible Assets or to publish any impact and/or allocation reports or the failure of any of the 
Eligible Assets to meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “sustainable” or other 
equivalently-labelled performance objectives, will not constitute an Event of Default (as defined in the 
Conditions) or breach of contract with respect to the Green Notes and may affect the value of the Notes 
and/or have adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or 
sustainable assets. 
Pursuant to the voluntary guidelines set out in the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version 2021) and LMA 
Green Loan Principles (version 2021), recommending that issuers use external review to confirm their 
alignment with the key features of the relevant green principles, at the Issuer’s request, Sustainalytics (an 
independent global environmental, social and governance rating and consultancy agency) issued, in March 
2022, a second-party opinion regarding the sustainability credentials and management of the financing 
instruments as an investment in connection with relevant environmental and social objectives (the 
“Sustainalytics Opinion”) and confirms alignment of the Green Finance Framework with the four core 
components of the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version 2018) and the LMA Green Loan Principles 
(version 2020). The Sustainalytics Opinion did not consider or confirm alignment with any other guidelines, 
regulations or principles such as the EU Taxonomy. The Sustainalytics Opinion is made available to 
investors on the Issuer’s website (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/green-finance-
framework) but is not (and shall not be deemed to be) incorporated by reference in or form part of this Base 
Prospectus and may amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time. The Sustainalytics Opinion is 
for information purposes only and the Issuer and the Dealers are not liable for the substance of the 
Sustainalytics Opinion and/or any loss arising from the use of the Sustainalytics Opinion and/or the 
information provided in it. Any such opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a 
recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to acquire any Notes. Any such opinion or 
certification is only current as of the date that such opinion or certification was initially issued. 
Prospective investors must determine for themselves the relevance, suitability and reliability for any purpose 
whatsoever of the Sustainalytics Opinion, the Green Finance Framework or any other opinion, report or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) and/or the information contained therein and/or the 
provider of any opinion, report or certification for the purpose of any investment in the Notes. The Issuer 
does not represent that any such opinion, report or certification is relevant, suitable and reliable or whether 
any Eligible Asset fulfils any environmental and/or social and/or other criteria. Currently, the providers of 
such opinions and certifications (including the provider of the second party opinion) are not subject to any 
specific regulatory or other regime or oversight. In particular, investors should note that any such opinion, 
report or certification may not reflect any present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards 
any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are required to comply. In 
case there are any shortcomings in the opinions and certifications of any such provider, such provider would 
typically be exclusively liable towards the relevant party having solicited the opinion or certification and not 
vis-à-vis the Noteholders. Opinions and certifications may also contain specific (limitation of) liability 
statements. The Sustainalytics Opinion provides for example that “Sustainalytics accepts no liability for 
damage arising from the use of the information, data or opinions contained herein, in any manner 
whatsoever, except where explicitly required by law”. The Noteholders also have no recourse against the 
Issuer or the Dealers for the contents of any such opinion or certification. For the avoidance of doubt, this is 
without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out in the “Important Information” section above. 
Any of the abovementioned events or changes (including any withdrawal of any applicable opinion or 
certification (whether or not solicited by the Issuer), any opinion or certification to the effect that the Issuer 
is not complying in whole or in part with criteria or requirements covered by such opinion or certification), 
(i) will not constitute an Event of Default with respect to the Green Notes, (ii) may have a negative impact 
on the market value and the liquidity of any Green Notes, (iii) may have consequences for certain investors, 
in particular investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green assets who may decide to sell the Green 
Notes, which may in turn affect the market value and liquidity of the Green Notes more generally and/or (iv) 
may result in the delisting of such the Notes from any dedicated “green” or “sustainable” or other 
equivalently labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market. Consequently, Noteholders could 
lose all or part of their investment in the Notes.  
The Issuer may not have the ability to repay the Notes at their maturity or in case of an Event of Default, or 
to pay interests due. 
The Issuer may not be able to repay the Notes at their maturity or to pay interests due. The Issuer may also 
be required to repay all or part of the Notes in case of an Event of Default as set out in the Conditions. If the 
Noteholders were to ask the Issuer to repay their Notes following an Event of Default, the Issuer cannot be 
certain that it will be able to pay the required amount in full. The Issuer’s ability to repay the Notes and to 
pay interests due will depend on the Issuer’s financial condition (including its cash position resulting from 
its ability to receive income and dividends from its subsidiaries) at the time of the requested repayment. The 
Issuer’s failure to repay the Notes or to pay interests due may result in an event of default (however 
described) under the terms of other outstanding indebtedness, which may in turn have a significant impact 
on the financial position of the Issuer. Consequently, the Issuer may not be able to pay amounts of principal 
and/or interest due, including upon the occurrence of an Event of Default. Please also refer to risk factors 
entitled “The Issuer may be unable to maintain a sufficient liquidity level and/or attract and maintain the 
necessary financing at favourable terms”, “The Issuer is, to a certain extent, dependent on the financial 
position of its subsidiaries” and “Fluctuations in the Issuer’s interest rates could materially impact its

--- Page 28 ---
28 
financial results” above. The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of Notes which have a 
longer maturity.  
Notes that have a fixed to floating interest rate or a floating to fixed interest rate may result in a yield for 
investors lower than market rates at the time of conversion. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  
Where the Issuer has the right to effect such a conversion, this is expected to affect the secondary market 
and the market value of the Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert the rate when it is likely to 
produce a lower overall cost of borrowing.  
If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate Notes may 
be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference 
rate and such new floating rate may at any time be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts 
from a floating rate to a fixed rate in such circumstances as described above, the fixed rate may be lower 
than then prevailing rates on its Notes and the yield may be lower than initially expected. 
The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Floating Rate Notes linked to 
or referencing such “benchmarks”.
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) is, and other types of indices, including (but not limited 
to) indices comprised of interest rates, equities, commodities, commodity indices, exchange traded products, 
foreign exchange rates, funds and combinations of any of the preceding types of indices which may be, 
deemed to be “benchmarks”, which have been the subject of recent national, international and other 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. 
The Benchmarks Regulation applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the European Union and/or in the UK as the Benchmarks 
Regulation forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA and, among other things, (i) requires 
benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be subject to an equivalent 
regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and to comply with extensive requirements in relation to the 
administration of “benchmarks” and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU supervised entities of “benchmarks” of 
administrators that are not authorised/registered (or, if non-EU based, deemed equivalent or recognised or 
endorsed). 
Notwithstanding the provisions of Condition 4.3 (Benchmark Discontinuation) which seek to offset any 
adverse effects for the Noteholders, the Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on any Floating 
Rate Notes if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the 
requirements of the Benchmarks Regulation. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. It is not possible to predict with 
certainty whether, and to what extent, certain benchmarks will continue to be supported going forward. This 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than they have done in the past, and may have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted. Such factors may have the effect of (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark, (ii) triggering changes in the rules 
or methodologies used in the benchmarks and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of 
the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other

--- Page 29 ---
29 
initiatives or investigations, could, among other things, have the effect of reducing, increasing or otherwise 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the benchmark and as a consequence, could have a 
negative effect on the value of and return on any Floating Rate Notes linked to, referencing, or otherwise 
dependent (in whole or in part) upon a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a Benchmark 
Event (as defined in the Conditions) occurs, including if an Original Reference Rate and/or any page on 
which an Original Reference Rate may be published, becomes unavailable or if an Original Reference Rate 
has been discontinued. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be 
set by reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, with or without the application of an adjustment 
spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of the Notes to ensure the proper operation 
of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined by the Independent Adviser (acting in good 
faith and in consultation with the Issuer). An adjustment spread, if applied could be positive or negative and 
would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to investors arising out of the replacement 
of an Original Reference Rate. However, it may not be possible to determine or apply an adjustment spread 
and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective to reduce or eliminate 
economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Notes linked to or 
referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment of a lower Rate 
of Interest) than they would if the Original Reference Rate were to continue to apply in its current form. 
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Independent Advisor has been appointed or no 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the 
Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based 
on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the 
availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the 
potential for further regulatory developments, there is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not 
operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any of the foregoing could have an adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, any Floating 
Rate Notes.  
There may be no tax gross-up protection. 
Potential investors should be aware that, if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers 
are specified as not applicable in the Final Terms, the Conditions do not require the Issuer to gross up the 
net payments received by a Noteholder in relation to the Notes with the amounts withheld or deducted for 
Belgian tax purposes. In case the Belgian tax rules would be amended such that Noteholders holding their 
Notes in an exempt securities account in the NBB Securities Settlement System are no longer exempt from 
Belgian withholding tax, such Noteholders will bear the risk that Belgian withholding tax will be applied to 
and withheld from the payments to be received in relation to the Notes. The Noteholders (and no other 
person) will be liable for, and be obliged to pay, any tax, duty, charge, withholding or other payment 
whatsoever as may arise as a result of, or in connection with, the ownership, transfer or payment in respect 
of the Notes. This could have a significant impact on the net amounts the investors will receive pursuant to 
the payments to be made under the Notes and could also materially adversely affect the value of such Notes. 
Potential investors should also be aware that, if the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to 
Consumers are specified as applicable in the Final Terms, a tax gross-up requirement applies, but this is 
subject to certain exceptions, as set out in the Conditions. In such case, the Issuer will, among others, not be 
obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to any Note to a Noteholder who, at the time of

--- Page 30 ---
30 
acquisition of the Notes, was not an Eligible Investor or to a Noteholder who was such an Eligible Investor 
at the time of acquisition of the Notes but, for reasons within the relevant Noteholders' control, either ceased 
to be an Eligible Investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the Belgian Law of 6 August 
1993 on transactions in certain securities. The application of this Condition, and the exemptions included 
therein, may therefore have an impact on the return which an investor receives on its Notes.  
Belgian withholding tax, currently at a rate of 30 per cent., will in principle apply to the interest on the Notes 
held in a non-exempt securities account in the NBB Securities Settlement System. If a payment were to be 
made to a Noteholder holding the Notes in such non-exempt account, neither the Issuer, nor the Agent nor 
any other person would be obliged to pay any additional amounts with respect to these Notes as a result of a 
deduction or withholding for the Belgian withholding tax. 
Absence of credit rating may render the price setting for the Notes more difficult. 
Even though a rating may be assigned or requested in the future, the Issuer and the Notes currently do not 
have and the Issuer currently does not intend to request a credit rating for itself or for the Notes. As long as 
the Notes or the Issuer are not rated, it may be more difficult for investors to assess the Issuer’s ability to 
comply with its payment obligations under the Notes. Due to the absence of a credit rating, it may also be 
more difficult for Noteholders to benchmark their investment in the Notes against other debt securities, and 
to become aware of any adverse change in the risk of the Issuer. There is no guarantee that the price of the 
Notes will cover the credit risk related to the Notes and the Issuer. The foregoing elements may impact both 
the liquidity of the Notes (please also refer to the risk factor “An active secondary market in respect of the 
Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would adversely affect the value at which an 
investor could sell his Notes” below) and the trading price of the Notes. As a result, Noteholders selling their 
Notes prior to the stated maturity may obtain a yield which is lower than expected and/or may lose part of 
their investment.  
In relation to any Notes to which a credit rating would be assigned, the rating may not reflect all the risks 
associated with an investment in the Notes and a change in the CRA Regulation registration status of the 
relevant credit rating agency or a downgrade or withdrawal of any such rating may impact the value of the 
Notes. 
While the Issuer currently does not intend to request a credit rating for itself or for the Notes, it cannot be 
excluded that a rating would be requested or assigned in the future. In such case, information in respect of 
the rating and the credit rating agency will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. Such rating (including 
any unsolicited rating) may, however, be revised, suspended or withdrawn by its assigning rating agency at 
any time. 
Furthermore, European regulated investors are restricted under Regulation (EU) No 462/2013 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 21 May 2013 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) 
from using credit ratings for regulatory purposes, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EU and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been 
withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general 
restriction will also apply in the case of credit ratings issued by non-EU credit rating agencies, unless the 
relevant credit ratings are endorsed by an EU-registered credit rating agency or the relevant non-EU rating 
agency is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as 
the case may be, has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain 
circumstances). The list of registered and certified rating agencies published by ESMA on its website in 
accordance with the CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency 
included in such list, as there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a 
relevant rating agency and the publication of the updated ESMA list.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
If the status of the relevant rating agency rating the Notes or the Issuer would change, European regulated 
investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes and the Notes may have a different 
regulatory treatment. This may result in European regulated investors selling the Notes which may impact 
the value of the Notes on any secondary market. In addition, the value of the Notes on any secondary market 
may be adversely affected by any negative change (including a downgrade) in or withdrawal of a credit 
rating assigned to the Issuer or to the Notes. As a result, Noteholders selling their Notes prior to the stated 
maturity may obtain a yield which is lower than expected and/or may lose part of their investment. 
Optional redemption rights of the Issuer may affect the market value of the Notes. 
The Notes may be subject to an early redemption option of the Issuer, in particular as a result of any change 
in applicable tax laws as set out in Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons) or at the option of the Issuer 
as set out in Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 6.5 (Make Whole 
Redemption/Three-Month Par Call at the option of the Issuer). 
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the 
Issuer may elect to redeem Notes or the market anticipates that any such redemption might occur, the market 
value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. 
This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an 
effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so 
at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other 
investments available at that time. 
The Change of Control Put Option can only be exercised in specific circumstances. 
If the Change of Control Put Option is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, each Noteholder, 
at its own initiative, will have the right to require the Issuer to redeem all or any part of such holder’s Notes 
at the Put Redemption Amount, upon the occurrence of a Change of Control of the Issuer. 
Potential investors should be aware that, in the event that holders of a significant proportion of the Notes 
exercise their put option, Notes in respect of which the put option is not exercised may be illiquid and difficult 
to trade. 
Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that the put option can only be exercised in specified 
circumstances of a “Change of Control” as defined in the Conditions. This may not cover all situations where 
a change of control may occur or where successive changes of control occur in relation to the Issuer. In 
particular, the Change of Control Put Option can only be exercised provided that prior to the earliest of (a) 
the Issuer being notified by the FSMA of a formal filing of a proposed offer to the shareholders of the Issuer 
pursuant to Article 7 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 27 April 2007 on takeover bids or (b) the occurrence of 
the Change of Control, (i) the Change of Control Resolutions have been approved by the shareholders of the 
Issuer in a general meeting and (ii) such resolutions have been filed with the Clerk of the Business Court of 
Brussels (greffe du tribunal de l’entreprise/griffie van de ondernemingsrechtbank). The Issuer has 
undertaken, pursuant to Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)), to 
use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the Change of Control Resolutions approved by a resolution of 
the Shareholders of the Issuer at its next general meeting, and in connection therewith to propose the Change 
of Control Resolutions at the next general meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer to be held not later than 
1 July 2023 and to file a copy of the resolution as aforesaid immediately thereafter. If a Change of Control 
occurs prior to such approval and filing or if the shareholders do not approve the Change of Control Put 
Option, Noteholders will not be entitled to exercise the option set out in Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change 
of Control (Change of Control Put Option)). There can be no assurance that such approval will be granted

--- Page 32 ---
32 
at such meeting and, hence, that the Change of Control Put Option will be able to be exercised by the 
Noteholders. 
The Conditions contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all investors. 
The Conditions contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider matters affecting their 
interests generally. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders, including 
Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and Noteholders who voted in a manner 
contrary to the majority. Investors might therefore be bound by certain amendments to the Notes to which 
they did not consent. Such decisions may include decisions relating to the interest payable on the Notes (if 
any) and/or the amount paid by the Issuer upon redemption of the Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
Potential investors (in particular potential investors in Zero Coupon Notes) should be aware that the market 
values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to their principal 
amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than prices for more 
conventional interest-bearing securities do. Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities. 
Risks relating to the subscription of the Notes, the listing and settlement of the Notes and the 
market in the Notes 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this 
would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop. If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid and may be sensitive to changes in financial markets. 
Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will provide them with a yield 
comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is particularly the case 
should the Issuer be in financial distress, which may result in any sale of the Notes having to be at a 
substantial discount to their principal amount or for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, 
currency or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured 
to meet the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would 
have a more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or the offer price may negatively 
affect the yield of the Notes. 
Potential investors should note that the issue price and/or the offer price of the Notes will include certain 
additional fees and costs as set out in the applicable Final Terms (or, in the case of Exempt Notes, Pricing 
Supplement). 
Any such fees may not be taken into account for the purposes of determining the price of the Notes on the 
secondary market and could result in a difference between the original issue price and/or offer price, the 
theoretical value of such Notes and/or the actual bid/offer price quoted by any intermediary in the secondary 
market. Any such difference may have an adverse effect on the value of Notes, particularly immediately 
following the offer and issue date of the Notes, where any such fees and/or costs may be deducted from the 
price at which such Notes can be sold by the initial investor in the secondary market. An initial investor 
selling the Notes in the secondary market may hence receive an amount that is less than the amount it paid 
when subscribing for the Notes.

--- Page 33 ---
33 
Conflicts of interest with the Agent or/and the Dealers could have an adverse effect to the interests of the 
Noteholders.
Potential investors should be aware that the Issuer is involved in a general business relation or/and in specific 
transactions with the Agent or/and the Dealers and that they might have conflicts of interests which could 
have an adverse effect to the interests of the Noteholders. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Dealers 
provide, among other things, payment services, investments of liquidities, credit facilities, bank guarantees 
and assistance in relation to bonds and structured products to the Issuer and its subsidiaries for which certain 
fees and commissions are being paid. These fees represent recurring costs which are being paid to the Dealers 
as well as to other banks which offer similar services. As at 31 December 2021, the Group had an aggregate 
amount of financial indebtedness outstanding of EUR 0 with Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV, 
EUR 100,657,000.00 with Belfius Bank SA/NV, EUR 171,249,739.69 with BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and 
EUR 24,881,239.70 with KBC Bank NV.  
Potential investors should also be aware that the Dealers may from time to time hold debt securities, shares 
and/or other financial instruments of the Issuer. 
Furthermore, the Dealers and the Agent receive customary commissions in relation to the offer of Notes. 
Please also refer to the risk factor “Fees, commissions and/or inducements included in the issue price and/or 
the offer price may negatively affect the yield of the Notes”. 
Certain parties involved in the issuance of the Notes may act in different capacities and may also be engaged 
in other commercial relationships, in particular, be part of the same group, be lenders, provide banking, 
investment banking or other services (whether or not financial) to other parties involved in the issuance of 
Notes. In such relationships the relevant parties may not be obliged to take into consideration the interests 
of the Noteholders. Accordingly, because of these relationships, potential conflicts of interest may arise out 
of the transaction. 
In particular, the terms and conditions of loan agreements between the Dealers and the Issuer may contain 
or contain financial covenants, such as a minimum equity level or gearing ratio, different from or not included 
in the conditions of the proposed Notes. The Noteholders should be aware of the fact that the Dealers, when 
they act as lenders to the Issuer or another company within the Group (or when they act in any other capacity 
whatsoever), have no fiduciary duties or other duties of any nature whatsoever vis-à-vis the Noteholders and 
that they are under no obligation to take into account the interests of the Noteholders. 
Belfius Bank SA/NV will act as the Issuer’s Agent. In its capacity as Agent, it will act in accordance with 
the Conditions in good faith and endeavour at all times to make its determinations in a commercially 
reasonable manner. However, Noteholders should be aware that the Agent does not assume any fiduciary or 
other obligations to the Noteholders and, in particular, is not obliged to make determinations which protect 
or further the interests of the Noteholders. 
The Agent may rely on any information to which it should properly have regard that is reasonably believed 
by it to be genuine and to have been originated by the proper parties. In addition, Noteholders should be 
aware that, in the absence of bad faith or willful default, the Calculation Agent shall not be liable for the 
consequences to any person (including Noteholders) of any errors or omissions (i) in the calculation by the 
Calculation Agent of any amount due in respect of the Notes, (ii) in any determination made by the 
Calculation Agent in relation to the Notes, (iii) arising as a result of any information provided to the 
Calculation Agent proving to have been incorrect or incomplete or (iv) arising as a result of any relevant 
information not being provided to the Calculation Agent on a timely basis. In any such situation, Noteholders 
will not have a recourse against the Agent or the Calculation Agent.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
If the creditworthiness of the Issuer or other economic factors were to deteriorate, this may adversely affect 
the market value of the Notes. 
The value of the Notes may be affected by the creditworthiness of the Issuer and a number of additional 
factors, such as market interest and yield rates, the time remaining to the maturity date (the “Maturity Date”, 
as specified in the relevant Final Terms) and, more generally, all economic, financial and political events in 
any country, including factors affecting capital markets generally and the stock exchanges on which the 
Notes are traded. The price at which a Noteholder will be able to sell the Notes prior to maturity may be at 
a discount, which could be substantial, from the issue price or the purchase price paid by such purchaser. 
The materiality of this risk may be reinforced in respect of Notes which have a longer maturity. 
The transfer of any Notes, any payments made in respect of any Notes and all communications with the 
Issuer will occur through the NBB Securities Settlement System and Noteholders may not have a direct claim 
against the Issuer. 
A Noteholder must rely on the procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System to receive payment 
under its Notes or communications from the Issuer. The Issuer, the Dealers and the Agent will have no 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or payments made in respect of, the Notes within, or any 
other improper functioning of, the NBB Securities Settlement System and Noteholders should in such case 
make a claim against the NBB Securities Settlement System through participants in the NBB Securities 
Settlement System. Any such risk may adversely affect the rights and/or return on investment of a 
Noteholder. 
The Agent is not required to segregate amounts received by it in respect of Notes cleared through the NBB 
Securities Settlement System. 
The Conditions and the Agency Agreement provide that the Agent will debit the relevant account of the 
Issuer and use such funds to make payment to the Noteholders and that the payment obligations of the Issuer 
under the Notes will be discharged by payment to the Agent in respect of each amount so paid. The Agency 
Agreement provides that the Agent will, simultaneously with the receipt by it of the relevant amounts, pay 
to the Noteholders, directly or through the NBB, any amounts due in respect of the relevant Notes. However, 
the Agent is not required to segregate any such amounts received by it in respect of the Notes, and in the 
event that the Agent were subject to insolvency or bankruptcy proceedings at any time when it held any such 
amounts, Noteholders would not have any further claim against the Issuer in respect of such amounts and 
would be required to claim such amounts from the Agent in accordance with applicable insolvency laws. 
This may have a negative impact on the Noteholders’ ability to obtain full or partial repayment.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published shall be incorporated in, and form part of, 
this Base Prospectus:  
(a)
in the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2021 (consolidated in accordance with IFRS) and the related auditor’s report 
thereon 
as 
set 
out 
in 
the 
annual 
report 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
on 
https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/annual-report-2021), the information set out at the following 
pages: 
Management report 
Pages 104 to 114 
Corporate governance statement 
Pages 115 to 132 
Consolidated statement of profit and loss and other 
comprehensive income 
Page 158 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 159 
Consolidated statement of cash flows 
Page 160 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 161 
Accounting principles and methods 
Pages 162 to 173 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 173 to 205 
Statutory auditor’s report 
Pages 207 to 211 
(b)
in the annual report and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020 (consolidated in accordance with IFRS) and the related auditor’s report 
thereon 
as 
set 
out 
in 
the 
annual 
report 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
on 
https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/annual-report-2020), the information set out at the following 
pages: 
Management report 
Pages 68 to 81 
Corporate governance statement 
Pages 82 to 98 
Consolidated statement of comprehensive income 
Page 118 
Consolidated statement of financial position 
Page 119 
Consolidated statement of cash flow position 
Page 120 
Consolidated statement of changes in equity 
Page 121 
Accounting principles and methods 
Pages 122 to 133 
Notes to the consolidated financial statements 
Pages 133 to 166 
Statutory auditor’s report 
Pages 167 to 171 
Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus, save that any statement 
contained in a document which is incorporated by reference herein shall be modified or superseded for the 
purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such 
earlier statement. Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, 
constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any information included in the annual reports and audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer 
for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021 which is not included in the above 
cross-reference lists is not incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus and is considered

--- Page 36 ---
36 
to be additional information which is either not relevant for investors or covered elsewhere in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus, a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the FSMA in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable 
(whether expressly, by implication or otherwise), be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in 
this Base Prospectus or in a document which is incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall not, except as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer confirms that it has obtained the approval from its auditors to incorporate the consolidated 
financial statements and the related audit reports thereon in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF LESS THAN €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY 
OTHER CURRENCY), OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its 
equivalent in any other currency).
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any Retail 
Investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation 
(EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to Retail Investors in the 
EEA and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any Retail Investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]1
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any UK 
Retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “UK Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 
2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the UK and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.]2
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
1 
Delete if not applicable. 
2 
Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable].]]3
[Date] 
IMMOBEL SA 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 549300GAV4HKKFJA8W67 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 325,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so: 
(i) 
in those Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions mentioned in paragraph 8(vii) of Part B below, provided 
such person is a Dealer or Authorised Offeror (as such term is defined in the Base Prospectus (as 
defined below)) and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that paragraph and that 
any conditions relevant to the use of the Base Prospectus are complied with; or 
(ii) 
otherwise in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in 
any other circumstances. 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. However, a summary prepared in accordance 
with Article 7 of the Prospectus Regulation is annexed to these Final Terms. The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the websites of the Issuer (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/june-2022-emtn-
programme-2022) and of the FSMA ([●]). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
3 
Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
Immobel SA 
2
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c)
Date on which the Notes 
become fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, form a 
single series and be interchangeable for trading purposes with 
the [insert description of the Series] on [[insert date] /the 
Issue Date]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a)
Series: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus accrued 
interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6
(a) Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at least 
€1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). The Notes 
may have multiple Specified Denominations, provided that 
the larger Specified Denominations are integral multiples of 
the smaller Specified Denominations.) 
(b)
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination. If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor. Note: There 
must be a common factor in the case of two or more Specified 
Denominations.) 
7
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b)
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be applicable 
for Zero Coupon Notes.)
8
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest Payment 
Date falling in or nearest to the relevant month and year] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. fixed rate] 
[[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [●] per cent. floating rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early redemption, 
the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity Date at 
[[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal amount

--- Page 40 ---
40 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Tax Call Option] 
[Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Option] 
[(see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12
(a)  Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b)
Date 
Board 
approval 
for 
issuance of Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) authorisation is 
required for the particular tranche of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(c)
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(d)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(e)
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(f)
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or last 
coupon, N.B. relevant only where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a)
Specified Period(s): 
[●][, subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (d) below/, not subject to any 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (d) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b)
Specified Interest Payment 
Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (d) below/, not subject 
to any adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (d) 
below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(c)
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(d)
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
(e)
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(f)
Interest 
Business 
Day 
Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
(g)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
is/are 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h)
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate(s) of 
Interest 
and/or 
Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Agent]/[[●]] 
(i)
Screen Rate Determination: 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
● 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s):
[●] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is open prior 
to the start of each Interest Period if EURIBOR) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(j)
ISDA Determination: 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
● 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period) 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
2006 
(k)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be calculated 
using Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long 
interest period)] 
(l)
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum
(m) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
(n)
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum
(o)
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a)
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum
(b)
Day Count Fraction in relation 
to Early Redemption Amounts: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph. The Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
(c)
If redeemable in part: 
(i)
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii)
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
17
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph.) 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b)
Optional 
Redemption 
Amount(s) of each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption Amount] 
(c)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
18
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of this 
paragraph.) 
(a)
Redemption Rate: 
[●] 
19
Tax Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.)

--- Page 43 ---
43 
20
Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call 
Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph of this 
paragraph. The Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Option 
should only be specified to be applicable if the Prohibition of 
Sales to Consumers is specified to be applicable.) 
(a)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(b)
Margin(s): 
[[+/-] [●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(c)
Reference Stock: 
[●] 
(d)
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(e)
Determination Date: 
[●] 
(f)
Determination Time: 
[●][a.m./p.m. [●] time] 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Note: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
22
Early Redemption Amount(s) per 
Calculation Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or 
on event of default or other early 
redemption: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised form 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
Signed on behalf of Immobel SA: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 44 ---
44 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on 
[the 
regulated 
market 
of 
Euronext 
Brussels/specify] with effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.) 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this 
type issued under the Programme generally]: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion 
of the statement below.)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions 
with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business – 
(Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES
(i)
Reasons for the offer 
[See limb (i) of the section “Use of Proceeds” in 
the Base Prospectus]/ [to [finance/refinance] 
Eligible Assets as more specifically described 
[under “Use of Proceeds” and “Green Finance 
Framework” 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus] 
[[and]below]/[give details]. 
(See limb (i) of the section “Use of Proceeds” 
wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for issue 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details.)

--- Page 45 ---
45 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use, 
will need to split out and present in order of 
priority. If proceeds insufficient to fund all 
proposed uses state amount and sources of other 
funding.) 
(iii)
Estimated total expenses: 
[●] 
(Include breakdown of expenses into each 
principal intended use and present in order of 
priority of such uses.) 
5
YIELD (Fixed Rate Notes only)
Indication of yield: 
[[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
6
PERFORMANCE OF RATES (Floating Rate Notes only)
[Details of performance of [EURIBOR] rates can be obtained, [but not] free of charge, from 
[Reuters/Bloomberg/give details of electronic means of obtaining the details of performance].]/[Not 
Applicable] 
7
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii)
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv)
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] 
the website of the Association of National 
Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering Agency that assigned the ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v)
Any settlement system(s) other than the 
NBB Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt, SIX SIS AG, 
Monte Titoli S.p.A, Interbolsa S.A., 
Euroclear France S.A. and LuxCSD S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(vi)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii)
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not 
Applicable]/[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided by [administrator legal name]. As at the 
date 
hereof, 
[administrator 
legal 
name] 
[appears]/[does not appear] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to Article 36 of 
Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 (the 
“Benchmarks Regulation”).]/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [[specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks 
Regulation]/[the 
transitional 
provisions in Article 51 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation apply such that [administrator legal 
name] is not required to be included in the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority].]] 
(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations 
by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or 
all times during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them, the Notes may then be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem at any time during their life. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
then be recognised. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
8
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated:

--- Page 47 ---
47 
(A) Names and addresses of Managers 
and 
underwriting 
commitments/quotas 
(material 
features): 
[Not Applicable/give names, addresses and 
underwriting commitments]
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing 
to underwrite the issue on a firm commitment 
basis and names and addresses of the entities 
agreeing to place the issue without a firm 
commitment or on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers.) 
(B)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name and address of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(iv)
Indication of the overall amount of the 
underwriting commission and of the 
placing commission: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(v)
U.S. Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA D/ 
TEFRA C/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(vi)
Non-exempt Offer: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(if not applicable, delete subparagraphs (vii) to 
and including (xiii) and also paragraph 9 below)
(vii)
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions: 
[Specify relevant Member State(s) where the 
Issuer intends to make Non-exempt Offers (where 
the Base Prospectus lists the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions, select from that list), which must 
therefore be jurisdictions where the Base 
Prospectus and any supplements have been 
passported (in addition to the jurisdiction where 
approved and published)] 
(viii)
Offer Period: 
[Specify date] until [specify date] 
(ix)
Maximum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [ ] / Not Applicable] 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [ ] / Not Applicable] 
(x)
Minimum Amount: 
[(i) Series:  
EUR [ ] / Not Applicable] 
[(ii) Tranche: EUR [ ] / Not Applicable] 
(xi)
Financial intermediaries granted specific 
consent to use the Base Prospectus in 
accordance with the conditions in it: 
[Insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries 
receiving 
consent 
(specific 
consent)] 
(xii)
General Consent: 
[Not Applicable][Applicable] 
(xiii)
Other Authorised Offeror Terms: 
[Not Applicable][Add here any other Authorised 
Offeror Terms] 
(Authorised Offeror Terms should only be 
included here where General Consent is 
applicable.)

--- Page 48 ---
48 
(xiv)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. 
If the Notes may constitute “packaged” products 
and no key information document will be 
prepared, “Applicable” should be specified.) 
(xv)
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(xvi)
Other selling restrictions: 
[●] 
(xvii) X-only Issuance: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
9
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
(Delete whole section if sub-paragraph (vi) above is specified to be Not Applicable because there is no 
Non-exempt Offer) 
(i)
Offer Price: 
[Issue Price/specify] 
(ii)
Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iii)
Description of the application process: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(iv)
Details of the minimum and/or maximum 
amount of the application: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(v)
Description of possibility to reduce 
subscriptions and manner for refunding 
amounts paid in excess by applicants: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vi)
Details of the method and time limits for 
paying up and delivering the Notes: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(vii)
Manner in and date on which results of 
the offer are to be made public: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(viii)
Procedure for exercise of any right of 
pre-emption, 
negotiability 
of 
subscription rights and treatment of 
subscription rights not exercised: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(ix)
Whether tranche(s) have been reserved 
for certain countries: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(x)
Process for notifying applicants of the 
amount allotted and an indication 
whether dealing may begin before 
notification is made: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(xi)
Amount of any expenses and taxes 
charged to the subscriber or purchaser: 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(If the Issuer is subject to MiFID II and/or the 
PRIIPs Regulation such that it is required to 
disclose information relating to costs and

--- Page 49 ---
49 
charges, also include that information to the 
extent known) 
(xii)
Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes 
place. 
[None/give details]. 
(xiii)
[Name and address of the entities which 
have a firm commitment to act as 
intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer 
rates and description of the main terms of 
their commitment: 
[None/give details]] 
(Include details where Notes are being admitted 
to trading on a regulated market)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
ANNEX 
SUMMARY 
[●]

--- Page 51 ---
51 
NOTES WITH A DENOMINATION OF €100,000 (OR ITS EQUIVALENT IN ANY OTHER 
CURRENCY) OR MORE, OTHER THAN EXEMPT NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under 
the Programme which are not Exempt Notes and which have a denomination of €100,000 (or its equivalent 
in any other currency) or more.
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any Retail 
Investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a “Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU 
(as amended, “MiFID II”) or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
the “Insurance Distribution Directive”) where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to Retail Investors in the EEA and therefore offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any Retail Investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPs Regulation.]4
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any UK 
Retail Investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a “UK Retail Investor” means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA 
2000”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified 
investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently, the Issuer has not prepared a key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to UK Retail Investors in the UK and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any UK Retail Investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO CONSUMERS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and will not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any consumer 
(consument/consommateur) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek van 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended.]5
[MIFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID 
II”)][MiFID II]; EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate, including 
investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR [(ii) all 
channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] 
portfolio management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor’s 
4 
Delete if not applicable. 
5 
Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]]. [Consider any negative target 
market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID 
II, as applicable].]]6
[Date] 
IMMOBEL SA 
Legal entity identifier (“LEI”): 549300GAV4HKKFJA8W67 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the EUR 325,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 14 June 2022 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the “Base Prospectus”). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. Full information on the Issuer and the issue of the Notes is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus. The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
websites of the Issuer (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/june-2022-emtn-programme-2022) 
and of the FSMA ([●]). 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”. Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.] 
1
Issuer: 
Immobel SA 
2
(a) 
Series Number: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche Number: 
[●] 
(c)
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes shall be consolidated, 
form a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [insert description of the Series] on 
[[insert date] /the Issue Date]. 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
(a)
Series: 
[●] 
(b)
Tranche: 
[●] 
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [insert date] (if applicable)] 
6 
Delete if not applicable.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
6
(a) 
Specified Denomination(s): 
[●] 
(The minimum Specified Denomination shall be at 
least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other 
currency). The Notes may have multiple Specified 
Denominations, provided that the larger Specified 
Denominations are integral multiples of the smaller 
Specified Denominations.) 
(b)
Calculation Amount: 
[●] 
(If there is only one Specified Denomination, insert 
the Specified Denomination. If more than one 
Specified Denomination, insert the highest common 
factor. Note: There must be a common factor in the 
case of two or more Specified Denominations.) 
7
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[●] 
(b)
Interest Commencement Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
applicable for Zero Coupon Notes.)
8
Maturity Date: 
[specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant
month and year] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[[●] per cent. fixed rate] 
 
[[[●] month [EURIBOR]] +/- [●] per cent. floating 
rate] 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15] below) 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the 
Maturity Date at [[●]/[100]] per cent. of their nominal 
amount 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Change of Control Put Option] 
[Put Option] 
[Call Option] 
[Tax Call Option] 
[Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Option] 
[(see paragraph [16]/[17]/[18]/[19]/[20] below)] 
[Not Applicable] 
12
(a) 
Status of the Notes: 
Senior 
(b)
Date Board approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)

--- Page 54 ---
54 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b)
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date 
(c)
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
(d)
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[●] per Calculation Amount 
(e)
Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [●]]/[Not Applicable] 
(f)
Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year]/[Not Applicable] 
(insert regular interest payment dates, ignoring issue 
date or maturity date in the case of a long or short 
first or last coupon, N.B. relevant only where Day 
Count Fraction is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
14
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Specified Period(s): 
[●] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (d) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(b)
Specified Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year[, subject to adjustment in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in (d) 
below/, not subject to any adjustment, as the Business 
Day Convention in (d) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(c)
First Interest Payment Date: 
[●] 
(d)
Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention]/[Not 
Applicable] 
(e)
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[●] 
(f)
Interest Business Day Jurisdiction: 
[●] 
(g)
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(h)
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate(s) of Interest and/or Interest 
Amount(s): 
[Agent]/[ [●]] 
(i)
Screen Rate Determination:

--- Page 55 ---
55 
● 
Reference Rate: 
[●] month [EURIBOR] 
● 
Interest Determination Date(s): 
[●] 
(The second day on which the TARGET2 System is 
open prior to the start of each Interest Period if 
EURIBOR) 
● 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[●] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(j)
ISDA Determination: 
● 
Floating Rate Option: 
[●] 
● 
Designated Maturity: 
[●] 
● 
Reset Date: 
[●] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day 
of the Interest Period) 
● 
ISDA Definitions: 
2006 
(k)
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(l)
Margin(s): 
[+/-][●] per cent. per annum 
(m) Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(n)
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(o)
Day Count Fraction: 
[[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)]] 
15
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a)
Amortisation Yield: 
[●] per cent. per annum 
(b)
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[●] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16
Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph. The Call Option 
should only be specified to be applicable if the

--- Page 56 ---
56 
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified to be 
applicable.)
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount] 
(c)
If redeemable in part: 
(i)
Minimum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(ii)
Maximum Redemption Amount: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Not Applicable] 
(d)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
17
Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph.) 
(a)
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[●] 
(b)
Optional Redemption Amount(s) of 
each Note: 
[[●] per Calculation Amount]/[Early Redemption 
Amount] 
(c)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
18
Change of Control Put Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph.) 
(a)
Redemption Rate: 
[●] 
19
Tax Call Option: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(The Tax Call Option should only be specified to be 
applicable if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is 
specified to be applicable.) 
20
Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Option: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraph 
of this paragraph. The Make Whole/Three-Month Par 
Call Option should only be specified to be applicable 
if the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified 
to be applicable.) 
(a)
Notice period: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
Maximum period: [30] days 
(b)
Margin(s): 
[[+/-][●] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(c)
Reference Stock: 
[●] 
(d)
Reference Dealers: 
[●] 
(e)
Determination Date: 
[●] 
(f)
Determination Time: 
[●] [a.m./p.m. [●] time]

--- Page 57 ---
57 
21
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
22
Early 
Redemption 
Amount(s) 
per 
Calculation Amount payable on redemption 
for taxation reasons or on event of default or 
other early redemption: 
[Par]/[●] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
23
Form of Notes: 
Dematerialised form 
[THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]] 
Signed on behalf of Immobel SA: 
By: 
Duly authorised

--- Page 58 ---
58 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i)
Listing and admission to trading: 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
regulated market of Euronext Brussels/specify] with 
effect from [●].] 
[Not Applicable.] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[●] 
2
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[Not Applicable]/[The Notes to be issued [[have 
been]/[are expected to be]] rated]/[The following 
ratings reflect ratings assigned to Notes of this type 
issued under the Programme generally]: 
[S & P: [●]] 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
[Fitch: [●]] 
[[Other]: [●]] 
(Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider.) 
3
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the issue, 
detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the inclusion of the 
statement below.)
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved in 
the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the issue. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates 
have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking 
transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course 
of business – (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests).] 
(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters described 
constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to the Base 
Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.) 
4
REASONS FOR THE ISSUE AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i)
Reasons for the issue: 
[See limb (i) of the section “Use of Proceeds” in the 
Base Prospectus]/ [to [finance/refinance] Eligible 
Assets as more specifically described [under “Use of 
Proceeds” and “Green Finance Framework” in the 
Base Prospectus] [[and]below]/[give details]. 
(See limb (i) of the section “Use of Proceeds” 
wording in Base Prospectus – if reasons for issue

--- Page 59 ---
59 
different from what is disclosed in the Base 
Prospectus, give details.) 
(ii)
Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
5
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
Indication of yield: 
[[●] 
The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.]/[Not Applicable] 
6
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i)
ISIN: 
[●] 
(ii)
Common Code: 
[●] 
(iii)
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv)
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned the ISIN]/[Not Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v)
Any settlement system(s) other than the 
NBB Securities Settlement System, 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV, Clearstream 
Banking AG, Frankfurt, SIX SIS AG, 
Monte Titoli S.p.A, Interbolsa S.A., 
Euroclear France S.A. and LuxCSD S.A. 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi)
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii)
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[●] 
(viii)
[Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[Not Applicable]/[[specify benchmark] is provided by 
[administrator legal name]. As at the date hereof, 
[administrator legal name] [appears]/[does not 
appear] in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to Article 36 of Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 
2016 (the “Benchmarks Regulation”)/[As far as the 
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [[specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Benchmarks Regulation]/[the transitional provisions

--- Page 60 ---
60 
in Article 51 of the Benchmarks Regulation apply 
such that [administrator legal name] is not required to 
be included in the register of administrators and 
benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority].]] 
(ix)
Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy 
and intra day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
either upon issue or at any or all times during their life. 
Such recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.] 
/ 
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them, the Notes may 
then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during their 
life. Note that this does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will then be recognised. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7
DISTRIBUTION 
(i)
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii)
If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names]
(B)
Date of [Subscription] Agreement: 
[●] 
(iii)
If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(iv)
U.S. Selling Restrictions (Categories of 
potential investors to which the Notes are 
offered): 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 1; TEFRA D/ TEFRA 
C/ TEFRA not applicable] 
(v)
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Notes do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be 
prepared, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.) 
(vi)
Prohibition of Sales to Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(vii)
Other selling restrictions: 
[●]

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(viii)
X-only Issuance 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions (the “Conditions”) that, subject to completion and as 
supplemented in accordance with the provisions of Part A of the applicable Final Terms, shall be applicable 
to the Notes. All capitalised terms that are not defined in these Conditions will have the meanings given to 
them or refer to information specified in Part A of the relevant Final Terms. References in the Conditions to 
“Notes” are to the Notes of one Series only, not to all Notes that may be issued under Immobel SA’s (the 
“Issuer”) Euro Medium Term Notes programme (the “Programme”). In these Conditions, terms in italics 
are for information purposes only and do not form part of the Conditions. 
The Notes are issued subject to a paying, calculation and listing agency agreement dated on or about the date 
of this Base Prospectus (as amended or supplemented from time to time, the “Agency Agreement”) between 
the Issuer and Belfius Bank SA/NV as paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any 
successor paying agent), as listing agent and as calculation agent. The calculation agent for the time being 
(if any) is referred to below as the “Calculation Agent”. Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Agent will act as the Calculation Agent. The Noteholders (as defined below) are deemed to have 
notice of all of the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
The Conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian law in effect as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus and have been drawn up on that basis. No assurance can be given as to the impact of 
any legislative or regulatory change or reform, judicial decision or change in the interpretation of 
administrative practice of Belgium, which may occur after the Issue Date of Notes. Any such decision or 
change may affect the enforceability of the Noteholders’ rights under the Conditions or render the exercise 
of such rights more difficult. 
As used in the Conditions, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing 
and admission to trading) and “Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Notes which (a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same 
terms and conditions or terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the issue price, the 
date of the first payment of interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
In the Conditions, “euro”, “EUR” and “€” means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of 
the European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European 
Union, as amended. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection free of charge at the statutory seat of the Agent. 
If the Notes are listed and admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, the applicable 
Final Terms will be published on the website of the Issuer. In the case of Exempt Notes (as defined below) 
only, the applicable Pricing Supplement will only be obtainable at the statutory seats of the Issuer and of the 
Agent by a Noteholder holding one or more relevant Exempt Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of such Exempt Notes and identity. 
The final terms for the Notes (other than Exempt Notes) (or the relevant provisions thereof) set out in Part 
A of the Final Terms should be read together with the Conditions set out below, and shall together constitute 
the terms and conditions applicable to such Notes. For Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the EEA nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be 
published under the Prospectus Regulation (“Exempt Notes”) only, the final terms (or the relevant 
provisions thereof) which may supplement, replace or modify the Conditions are set out in Part A of the 
Pricing Supplement. In relation to Notes other than Exempt Notes, references to the “applicable Final 
Terms” are to Part A of the Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) which shall, together with the 
Conditions, constitute the terms and conditions applicable to such Notes. In relation to Exempt Notes only, 
any reference in the Conditions to “applicable Final Terms” shall be deemed to include a reference to the 
applicable Pricing Supplement, where relevant.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended from time to time. 
1.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes will be issued in dematerialised form in accordance with the provisions of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code (Wetboek van vennootschappen en verenigingen/Code des sociétés et des 
associations dated 23 March 2019), as amended from time to time (the “Belgian Companies and 
Associations Code”). The Notes will be represented exclusively by book entry in the records of the securities 
settlement system operated by the NBB or any successor thereto (the “NBB Securities Settlement System”). 
The Notes can be held by their holders through participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System, 
including Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”), Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt (“Clearstream”), 
SIX SIS AG (“SIX SIS”), Monte Titoli S.p.A (“Euronext Securities Milan”), Interbolsa S.A. (“Euronext 
Securities Porto”), Euroclear France S.A. (“Euroclear France”) and LuxCSD S.A. (“LuxCSD”) and 
through other financial intermediaries which in turn hold the Notes through Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France, LuxCSD or other participants in the 
NBB Securities Settlement System (for a list of all the NBB Securities Settlement System participants, please 
refer to https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-nbb-investor-icsds). The Notes are accepted for settlement through the 
NBB Securities Settlement System, and are accordingly subject to the applicable Belgian securities 
settlement regulations, including the Belgian law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities, as 
amended, its implementing Belgian Royal Decrees of 26 May 1994 and 14 June 1994, each as amended, and 
the rules of the NBB Securities Settlement System and its annexes, as issued or modified by the NBB from 
time to time (the laws, decrees and rules mentioned in this Condition being referred to herein as the “NBB 
Securities Settlement System Regulations”). Title to the Notes will pass by account transfer. The 
Noteholders will not be entitled to exchange the Notes into bearer form. 
If at any time the Notes are transferred to another securities settlement system, not operated or not exclusively 
operated by the NBB, these provisions shall apply mutatis mutandis to such successor securities settlement 
system and successor securities settlement system operator or any additional securities settlement system 
and additional securities settlement system operator. 
Noteholders are entitled to exercise the rights they have, including voting rights, making requests, giving 
consents, and other associative rights (as defined for the purposes of Article 7:41 of the Belgian Companies 
and Associations Code) upon submission of an affidavit drawn up by the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream or 
any other participant duly licenced in Belgium to keep dematerialised securities accounts showing such 
holder’s position in the Notes (or the position held by the financial institution through which such holder’s 
Notes are held with the NBB, Euroclear, Clearstream or such other participant, in which case an affidavit 
drawn up by that financial institution will also be required). 
If the applicable Final Terms specify the “X-only Issuance” as applicable, the Notes may be held only, and 
transferred only to, Eligible Investors, as defined below. 
The Notes are issued in the Specified Denomination(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. The minimum 
Specified Denomination shall be at least €1,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency). 
The Notes may have multiple Specified Denominations, provided that the larger Specified Denominations 
are integral multiples of the smaller Specified Denominations. If the minimum Specified Denomination of 
Notes of a Series is €1,000, such Notes will only be tradeable in integral multiples of €1,000. 
The Notes may be Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes, Zero Coupon Notes or a combination of any of 
the foregoing, depending upon the Interest and Redemption/Payment Basis specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
In the Conditions, “Noteholder” and “holder” mean, in respect of any Note, the holder from time to time of 
the Notes as determined by reference to the records of the relevant securities settlement systems or financial

--- Page 64 ---
64 
intermediaries and the affidavits referred to in this Condition 1 and capitalised terms have the meanings 
given to them in the applicable Final Terms, the absence of any such meaning indicating that such term is 
not applicable to the Notes. 
“Eligible Investor” means those entities which are referred to in Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 
26 May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax (as amended from time to time) and which hold the Notes 
in an exempt account in the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
2.
Status 
The Notes constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all times rank pari passu and without any preference among 
themselves. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes shall, save for such exceptions as may be 
provided by applicable legislation and subject to Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), at all times rank at least 
equally with all its respective other present and future unsecured and unsubordinated obligations. 
3.
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer shall not, and shall ensure that no Subsidiary (other than 
any Excluded Entity) will, create or permit to subsist any Security over any of its assets or business to secure 
any Relevant Indebtedness without at the same time or prior thereto granting to the Notes the same such 
Security as is created or subsisting or such other Security as either (i) shall not be materially less beneficial 
to the interest of the Noteholders or (ii) shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
“Accounting Principles” means generally accepted accounting principles in the jurisdiction of incorporation 
of the relevant member of the Group and, in relation to consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, IFRS; 
“Excluded Entity” means any entity: 
(i)
which is consolidated by the Issuer; 
(ii)
in respect of which a member of the Group has entered into a joint venture arrangement with third 
parties; and 
(iii)
of which the Issuer owns (directly or indirectly) less than 70% of the outstanding share capital; 
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(i)
moneys borrowed; 
(ii)
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent; 
(iii)
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(iv)
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the Accounting Principles, be treated as a finance or capital lease; 
(v)
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non-recourse 
basis and meet any requirement for de-recognition under the Accounting Principles); 
(vi)
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing and which is treated as a borrowing under the 
Accounting Principles;

--- Page 65 ---
65 
(vii)
any derivative transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from 
fluctuation in any rate or price (and, when calculating the value of any derivative transaction, only 
the marked to market value shall be taken into account); 
(viii)
shares which are expressed to be redeemable and which are classified as borrowings under the 
Accounting Principles; 
(ix)
any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, bond, standby or documentary 
letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial institution; and 
(x)
the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for any of the items referred to 
in paragraphs (i) to (ix) above; 
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries for the time being; 
“IFRS” means international accounting standards within the meaning of the IAS Regulation 1606/2002 to 
the extent applicable to the relevant financial statements; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any Financial Indebtedness which is in the form of or represented by any 
bond, debenture, debenture stock, loan stock, certificate or other instrument which is, or is capable of being, 
listed, quoted or traded on any stock exchange or in any securities market (including, without limitation, any 
over-the-counter market); 
“Security” means a mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security interest securing any obligation of any 
person or any other agreement or arrangement having a similar effect; and 
“Subsidiary” (dochtervennootschap/filiale) of a company shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1:15 
of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code. 
4.
Interest 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate whether the Notes are Fixed Rate Notes, Floating Rate Notes or 
Zero Coupon Notes or, in the case of Exempt Notes only, whether a different interest basis applies. 
4.1
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
This Condition 4.1 applies to Fixed Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains provisions 
applicable to the determination of the fixed rate interest and must be read in conjunction with this 
Condition 4.1 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Fixed Rate Notes. 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to the Rate(s) 
of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and 
including) the Maturity Date. 
As used in the Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Interest shall be calculated in respect of any Fixed Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to 
the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes and multiplying such sum by the Day Count 
Fraction. 
The resultant figure shall be rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half 
of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with the applicable market 
convention.

--- Page 66 ---
66 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance 
with this Condition 4.1: 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and including) 
the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement Date) to 
(but excluding) the relevant payment date (the “Accrual Period”) is equal to or shorter 
than the Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the number of days 
in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar year; or 
(B)
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(1)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in 
which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in 
such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would 
occur in one calendar year; and 
(2)
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination Period 
divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination Period and 
(y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(ii)
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360; and 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date). 
4.2
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a)
Interest Payment Dates 
This Condition 4.2 applies to Floating Rate Notes only. The applicable Final Terms contains 
provisions applicable to the determination of the floating rate interest and must be read in conjunction 
with this Condition 4.2 for full information on the manner in which interest is calculated on Floating 
Rate Notes. 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the 
Interest Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i)
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; or 
(ii)
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each date 
(each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an “Interest Payment 
Date”) falling the number of days or months of a Specified Period set out in the applicable Final 
Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment 
Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, “Interest Period” 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement

--- Page 67 ---
67 
Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the 
Notes become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(i)
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day; or 
(ii)
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event (A) except in the case of the Maturity Date, such Interest 
Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day, and (B) in 
the case of the Maturity Date, such date shall not be amended. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means: 
(i)
in relation to all Notes other than those denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or 
Sunday) on which (A) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in 
Belgium and (B) commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in each 
Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii)
in relation to Notes denominated in euro, a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) (A) on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments in Belgium, (B) on which the 
NBB Securities Settlement System is operating and (C) (if a payment in euro is to be made on 
that day) which is a day on which the TARGET 2 System is operating (a “TARGET Business 
Day”), and in relation to both (i) and (ii) above, such other day as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and specified as an Interest Business Day Jurisdiction in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined 
in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i)
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “ISDA Rate” for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined 
below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA 
Definitions, as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as 
the same may be amended and supplemented as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the 
Notes (the “ISDA Definitions”) and under which: 
(A) the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B)
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C)
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), “Floating Rate”, “Floating Rate Option”, 
“Designated Maturity” and “Reset Date” have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA 
Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii)
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
(A) Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner 
in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest 
Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1)
the offered quotation; or 
(2)
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the rate specified as reference rate in the 
applicable Final Terms (the “Reference Rate”) (being EURIBOR or another Reference 
Rate, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) on the Interest 
Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) 
the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. 
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such 
quotations) shall be disregarded by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for 
the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided above) of such 
offered quotations. 
(B)
If the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if sub-paragraph (A)(1) applies and no such 
offered quotation appears on the Relevant Screen Page or if sub-paragraph (A)(2) applies 
and fewer than three such offered quotations appear on the Relevant Screen Page, in each 
case as at the time specified above, subject as provided below, the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent, as applicable, shall request, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the principal Euro-
zone office of each of the Reference Banks, to provide the Agent or the Calculation Agent, 
as applicable, with its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the 
Reference Rate if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference 
Banks provide the Agent or Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered quotations, 
the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean of such offered 
quotations as determined by the Calculation Agent; and 
(C)
If paragraph (B) above applies and the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
determines that fewer than two Reference Banks are providing offered quotations, subject 
as provided below, the Rate of Interest shall be the arithmetic mean of the rates per annum
(expressed as a percentage) as communicated to (and at the request of) the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by the Reference Banks or any two or more of them, at 
which such banks were offered, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (Brussels time) on the relevant Interest Determination Date, deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate by leading banks in, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone

--- Page 69 ---
69 
inter-bank market, as the case may be, or, if fewer than two of the Reference Banks provide 
the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, with such offered rates, the offered rate 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been 
used for the Reference Rate, or the arithmetic mean of the offered rates for deposits in the 
Specified Currency for a period equal to that which would have been used for the 
Reference Rate, at which, if the Reference Rate is EURIBOR, at approximately 11.00 a.m. 
(Brussels time), on the relevant Interest Determination Date, any one or more banks (which 
bank or banks is or are in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such purpose) informs the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, it is quoting to leading banks in, if the 
Reference Rate is EURIBOR, the Euro-zone inter-bank market, as the case may be, 
provided that, if the Rate of Interest cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing 
provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall be determined as at the last 
preceding Interest Determination Date (though substituting, where a different Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest 
Period, in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that last preceding Interest Period). 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms, the Minimum Rate of Interest shall 
be deemed to be zero. 
In these Conditions, “Reference Banks” means the institutions specified as such in the relevant Final 
Terms or, if none, four (4) major banks selected by the Calculation Agent in the interbank market (or, 
if appropriate, money, swap or over-the-counter index options market) that is most closely connected 
with the Original Reference Rate (which, if EURIBOR is the Reference Rate, is the principal Euro-
zone office). 
(c)
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for 
such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of paragraph (b) above is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest 
for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d)
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will, at or as soon as practicable after each time at 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the relevant Interest 
Period. 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of interest (the “Interest 
Amount”) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for any Interest Period. Such Interest Amount shall be 
equal to the product of the Rate of Interest, the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Notes, 
and the Day Count Fraction for such Interest Period. In respect of any other period for which interest 
is required to be calculated, the provisions above shall apply save that the Day Count Fraction shall 
be for the period for which interest is required to be calculated. 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 4.2:

--- Page 70 ---
70 
(i)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that portion of the Interest 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(iv) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v)
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls;

--- Page 71 ---
71 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =









360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360







where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is 
the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30.] 
(e)
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based 
on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified 
as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Applicable 
Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Applicable Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, shall determine such 
rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
“Applicable Maturity” means: (a) in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate, and (b) in relation to ISDA Determination, the Designated Maturity. 
(f)
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest 
Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being listed (by

--- Page 72 ---
72 
no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance 
with Condition 11 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the 
fourth Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.3
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.3 applies only where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms as the manner in which the Rate of Interest is to be determined. 
(a)
Independent Adviser 
Notwithstanding the provisions in Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) above, if the Issuer 
determines that a Benchmark Event has occurred in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any 
Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to that Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint, as soon as reasonably 
practicable, an Independent Adviser to determine, following consultation with the Issuer and no later 
than 10 calendar days prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date relating to the next succeeding 
Interest Period (the “IA Determination Cut-off Date”), a Successor Rate or, failing which, an 
Alternative Rate (in accordance with paragraph (b) below) and, in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
(in accordance with paragraph (c) below). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.3 shall act in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner as an independent expert in the performance of its duties following 
consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of fraud and wilful misconduct, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Noteholders, the Agent or the Calculation Agent for any 
determination it makes pursuant to this Condition 4.3. No Independent Adviser appointed in 
connection with the Notes (acting in such capacity), shall have any relationship of agency or trust 
with the Noteholders. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 4.3, if, following the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent 
Adviser fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance with 
this Condition 4.3 prior to the relevant IA Determination Cut-off Date, then the Rate of Interest 
applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined 
in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding Interest Period. If there has not been 
a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different 
Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is to be applied to the relevant 
Interest Period from that which applied to the immediately preceding Interest Period, the Margin or 
Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to the relevant Interest Period shall 
be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest 
relating to that immediately preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of doubt, this sub-paragraph 
shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods 
are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.3. 
(b)
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and acting in good faith and in a 
commercially reasonable manner, determines that: 
(i)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in 
paragraph (c) below), subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine

--- Page 73 ---
73 
the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest 
on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this Condition 4.3); or 
(ii)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative Rate shall 
(subject to adjustment as provided in paragraph (c) below) subsequently be used in place of the 
Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part 
thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to the further operation of this 
Condition 4.3). 
Following any such determination by the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, of a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate, as the case may be, the Issuer shall give notice 
thereof in accordance with paragraph (f) below. 
(c)
Adjustment Spread 
The Adjustment Spread (or the formula or methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread) shall 
be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).
Following any such determination by the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the 
Issuer, of the Adjustment Spread, the Issuer shall give notice thereof in accordance with paragraph 
(f) below. The Agent or the Calculation Agent shall apply such Adjustment Spread to the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate 
of Interest (or any component part(s) thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
(as applicable). 
If the Independent Adviser is unable to determine the Adjustment Spread or the formula or 
methodology for determining the Adjustment Spread, then the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) will apply without an Adjustment Spread. 
(d)
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, in either case, the Adjustment 
Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 4.3 and the Independent Adviser, following 
consultation with the Issuer and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and, in 
each case, the application of the Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, following 
consultation with the Independent Adviser and subject to the Issuer giving notice thereof to the Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders (in accordance with paragraph (f) below), without any 
requirement for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, vary these Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such 
notice. 
At the request of the Issuer, but subject to receipt by the Agent or the Calculation Agent of a certificate 
validly signed by authorised signatory(ies) of the Issuer pursuant to this paragraph (d) below, the 
Agent or Calculation Agent shall (at the expense and direction of the Issuer), without any requirement 
for the consent or approval of the Noteholders, be obliged to concur with such determination by the 
Independent Adviser (following consultation with the Issuer) in using its reasonable endeavours in 
effecting any Benchmark Amendments (including, inter alia, by the execution of an agreement 
supplemental to or amending the Agency Agreement) and the Agent or Calculation Agent shall not 
be liable to any party for any consequences thereof, provided that the Agent or Calculation Agent 
shall not be obliged so to concur if, in the opinion of the Agent or the Calculation Agent, doing so 
would impose more onerous obligations upon it or expose it to any additional duties, responsibilities 
or liabilities or reduce or amend the rights and/or the protective provisions afforded to it in these

--- Page 74 ---
74 
Conditions and/or any documents to which it is a party (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
supplemental agency agreement) in any way. 
In connection with any such modifications in accordance with this paragraph (d), the Issuer and the 
Independent Adviser shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or admitted to trading. 
(e)
Survival of Original Reference Rate Provisions 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer or the Independent Adviser under this Condition 4.3, 
the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2 (Interest on 
Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until (a) a Benchmark Event has occurred and 
(b) the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer, has determined the Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in accordance with the relevant provisions of this Condition 4.3 and 
Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes) and the Issuer notifies the Agent or the Calculation 
Agent of such determination. 
(f)
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any Benchmark 
Amendments determined under this Condition 4.3 will be notified promptly by the Issuer to the Agent 
or the Calculation Agent and, in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such 
notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any. 
No later than notifying the Agent or the Calculation Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent a certificate validly signed by authorised signatory(ies) of the Issuer: 
(i)
confirming (I) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (II) the Successor Rate or, as the case may 
be, the Alternative Rate, (III) any Adjustment Spread and (IV) the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this 
Condition 4.3; and 
(ii)
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure the proper operation 
of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and, in each case, the application of the Adjustment 
Spread. 
The Agent or Calculation Agent (as the case may be) shall be entitled to rely on such certificate 
(without enquiry or liability to any person) as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error in the determination of the Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate, the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without 
prejudice to the ability of the Agent or Calculation Agent to rely on such certificate as aforesaid) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent, the Calculation Agent and the Noteholders. 
(g)
Definitions 
In this Condition 4.3: 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive, negative or zero), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case to be applied to the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(A) in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement of the 
Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or (if no 
such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate);

--- Page 75 ---
75 
(B) the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines is customarily applied to the relevant Successor 
Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; 
or (if the Independent Adviser determines that no such spread is customarily applied); and 
(C) the Independent Adviser, following consultation with the Issuer and acting in good faith and in 
a commercially reasonable manner, determines is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the Original 
Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be); 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent Adviser, 
following consultation with the Issuer and acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable 
manner, determines in accordance with paragraph (b) to use in place of the Original Reference Rate 
in customary market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining 
floating rates of interest (or the relevant component thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the 
Notes; 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least five Business Days 
or ceasing to exist; and/or 
(B) 
the making of a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it 
has ceased or that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has been 
appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); and/or 
(C) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, on or before a specified date, 
be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; and/or 
(D) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will, on or before a 
specified date, be prohibited from being used either generally or in respect of the Notes; and/or 
(E) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate will be (or will be deemed by such supervisor 
to be) no longer representative of its relevant underlying market; and/or 
(F) 
it has or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful for the Agent, the 
Calculation Agent or the Issuer to determine any payments due to be made to any Noteholders 
using the Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation, if applicable), 
provided that the Benchmark Event shall be deemed to occur (a) in the case of sub-paragraphs (B) 
and (C) above, on the date of the cessation of publication of the Original Reference Rate or the 
discontinuation of the Original Reference Rate, as the case may be, (b) in the case of sub-paragraph 
(D) above, on the date of the prohibition of the use of the Original Reference Rate and (c) in the case 
of sub-paragraph (E) above, on the date with effect from which the Original Reference Rate will no 
longer be (or will be deemed by the relevant supervisor to no longer be) representative of its relevant 
underlying market and which is specified in the relevant public statement, and, in each case, not the 
date of the relevant public statement;

--- Page 76 ---
76 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with experience in the international capital markets appointed by the 
Issuer at its own expense and notified in writing to the Agent or the Calculation Agent; 
“Original Reference Rate” means the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) originally specified 
in the applicable Final Terms for the purposes of determining the relevant Rate of Interest (or any 
component part(s) thereof) in respect of the Notes or (if applicable) any other Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (or any component part(s) thereof) determined and applicable to the Notes pursuant 
to the earlier operation of this Condition 4.3; 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, 
or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the 
administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at the 
request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible 
for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (C) a group 
of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities, or (D) the Financial 
Stability Board or any part thereof; and 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
4.4
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is 
improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Agent, and notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices). 
4.5
Step-up 
The Rate of Interest applicable to any Series of Notes may be subject to a step-up pursuant to 
Condition 8.1 (Adjusted Gearing Ratio). 
4.6
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations required pursuant to these Conditions (unless otherwise 
specified), (x) all percentages resulting from such calculations shall be rounded, if necessary, to the 
nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 of a percentage point being 
rounded up), (y) all figures shall be rounded to seven significant figures (provided that if the eighth 
significant figure is a 5 or greater, the seventh significant figure shall be rounded up) and (z) all 
currency amounts that fall due and payable shall be rounded to the nearest unit of such currency (with 
half a unit being rounded up), save in the case of yen, which shall be rounded down to the nearest 
yen. For these purposes “unit” means the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal 
tender in the country(ies) of such currency.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
5.
Payments 
5.1
Payment in euro 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payments in 
euro of (i) principal in respect of the Notes, (ii) accrued interest payable on a redemption of the Notes 
and (iii) any interest due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes will be made through 
the Agent and the NBB Securities Settlement System in accordance with the NBB Securities 
Settlement System Regulations. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be 
discharged by payment to the Agent in respect of each amount so paid. Each payment will be made 
in euro by transfer to a euro account maintained by the payee with a bank in a city in which banks 
have access to the TARGET System. 
5.2
Payment in other currencies 
Without prejudice to the provisions of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code, payments in 
any currency other than euro of (i) principal in respect of the Notes, (ii) accrued interest payable on a 
redemption of the Notes and (iii) any interest due on an Interest Payment Date in respect of the Notes 
will be made through the Agent. The payment obligations of the Issuer under the Notes will be 
discharged by payment to the Agent in respect of each amount so paid. 
5.3
Payments Subject to Fiscal Laws 
All payments are subject in all cases to (i) any applicable fiscal or other laws, regulations and 
directives in the place of payments, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) 
and (ii) any withholding or deduction imposed pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations 
thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation)) any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. No commission or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders 
in respect of such payments. 
5.4
Appointment of Agents 
The Agent and the Calculation Agent initially appointed by the Issuer and their respective specified 
offices are listed in the applicable Final Terms. The Agent and the Calculation Agent act solely as 
agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with 
any Noteholder. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate the appointment of the 
Agent or the Calculation Agent provided that the Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) an Agent, (ii) a 
Calculation Agent where the Conditions so require, and (iii) such other agents as may be required by 
any stock exchange on which the Notes may be listed. 
Notice of any such change or any change of any specified office shall promptly be given to the 
Noteholders. 
5.5
Payments on Business Days 
If any date for payment in respect of the Notes is not a Business Day and no Business Day Convention 
is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the holder shall not be entitled to payment until the next 
following Business Day, nor to any interest or other sum in respect of such postponed payment. For 
the purpose of calculating the interest amount payable under the Notes, the Interest Payment Date 
shall not be adjusted.

--- Page 78 ---
78 
5.6
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6.
Redemption and Purchase 
6.1
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount (which, unless otherwise provided in the 
applicable Final Terms, is its nominal amount) in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2
Early Redemption 
(a)
Zero Coupon Notes 
(i)
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note, upon redemption 
of such Zero Coupon Note pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), 
Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 6.6 (b) (Other Put Option 
(Investor Put)) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of 
Default) shall be the Amortised Face Amount (calculated as provided below) of such Zero 
Coupon Note, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii)
Subject to the provisions of sub-paragraph (iii) below, the “Amortised Face Amount” of any 
such Zero Coupon Note shall be the scheduled Final Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon 
Note on the Maturity Date discounted at a rate per annum (expressed as a percentage) equal to 
the Amortisation Yield (which, if none is specified in the applicable Final Terms, shall be such 
rate as would produce an Amortised Face Amount equal to the issue price of the Zero Coupon 
Notes if they were discounted back to their issue price on the Issue Date) compounded annually. 
(iii) If the Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any such Zero Coupon Note upon its 
redemption pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption 
at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 6.6 (b) (Other Put Option (Investor Put)) or upon it 
becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 10 (Events of Default) is not paid when 
due, the Early Redemption Amount due and payable in respect of such Zero Coupon Note shall 
be the Amortised Face Amount of such Zero Coupon Note as defined in sub-paragraph (ii) 
above, except that such sub-paragraph shall have effect as though the date on which the Zero 
Coupon Note becomes due and payable were the Relevant Date. The calculation of the 
Amortised Face Amount in accordance with this sub-paragraph shall continue to be made (both 
before and after judgment) until the Relevant Date, unless the Relevant Date falls on or after

--- Page 79 ---
79 
the Maturity Date, in which case the amount due and payable shall be the scheduled Final 
Redemption Amount of such Zero Coupon Note on the Maturity Date together with any accrued 
interest. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period of less than one year, it shall be made on the 
basis of the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b)
Other Notes 
The Early Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Note (other than Zero Coupon Notes 
described in paragraph (a) above), upon redemption of such Note pursuant to Condition 6.3 
(Redemption for tax reasons), Condition 6.4 (Redemption at the option of the Issuer) or Condition 6.6 
(b) (Other Put Option (Investor Put)) or upon it becoming due and payable as provided in Condition 
10 (Events of Default), shall be the Final Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest, if 
applicable, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.3
Redemption for tax reasons 
If both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, the Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but not 
in part, on any Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note) or at any time (if this Note 
is not a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (as described in 
Condition 6.2 (Early Redemption) above) (together with interest accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption, if any), if (i) the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided 
or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Belgium or, in each case, any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation of 
such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date on which 
agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, and (ii) such obligation cannot be avoided 
by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to it, provided that no such notice of redemption 
shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date on which the Issuer would be obliged to 
pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the Notes then due. Prior to the publication 
of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.3, the Issuer shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate validly signed by authorised signatory(ies) of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to 
effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to 
the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of 
recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. For the avoidance of doubt, such opinion shall not 
address whether the relevant obligations can be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures 
available to it. 
6.4
Redemption at the option of the Issuer 
If both the Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are specified as applicable in the 
applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ irrevocable 
notice to the Noteholders (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms), redeem all or, if so provided, some of the Notes on any Optional Redemption Date. Any such 
redemption of Notes shall be at their Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described in Condition 6.2 (Early 
Redemption) above)), together with interest accrued to the date fixed for redemption, if any. Any such 
redemption or exercise must relate to Notes of a nominal amount at least equal to the Minimum 
Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the applicable Final Terms and no greater than 
the Maximum Redemption Amount to be redeemed as specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 80 ---
80 
All Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in such 
notice in accordance with this Condition 6.4. 
6.5
Make Whole Redemption/Three-Month Par Call at the option of the Issuer 
If both the Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 15 nor 
more than 30 days’ notice (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for 
redemption) (the “Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date”), redeem all, 
but not some only, of the Notes at a redemption price per Note equal to: 
(i)
if the Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date falls in the period up to 
and including the date falling three months prior to the Maturity Date, such amount per Note as 
is equal to the higher of the amounts in (A) and (B) below, as calculated by the Calculation 
Agent, in each case together with interest accrued to but excluding the Make Whole/Three-
Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date: 
(A) the nominal amount of the Note; and 
(B)
the sum of the then current values of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and 
interest (not including any interest accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Make 
Whole/Three-Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the Make 
Whole/Three-Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the 
Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms) at the Reference Dealer Rate 
(as defined below) plus any Margin specified in the applicable Final Terms, in each case 
as determined by the Reference Dealers; and 
(ii)
if the Make Whole/Three-Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date falls in the period from 
but excluding the date falling three months prior to the Maturity Date to but excluding the 
Maturity Date, such amount per Note as is equal to the nominal amount outstanding of the 
relevant Note together with interest accrued to but excluding the Make Whole/Three-Month Par 
Call Optional Redemption Date. 
Any notice of redemption given under this Condition 6.5 will override any notice of redemption given 
(whether previously, on the same date or subsequently) under Condition 6.6 (Redemption at the 
Option of Noteholders). 
In this Condition: 
“Reference Dealers” means those Reference Dealers specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Dealer Rate” means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Make Whole/Three-
Month Par Call Optional Redemption Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market 
annual yield to maturity of the Reference Stock or, if the Reference Stock is no longer outstanding, a 
similar security in the reasonable judgment of the Reference Dealers, at the Determination Time and 
on the Determination Date in each case specified in the applicable Final Terms, quoted in writing to 
the Issuer by the Reference Dealers; and 
“Reference Stock” means the Reference Stock specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 81 ---
81 
6.6
Redemption at the Option of Noteholders 
(a)
Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option) 
(i)
Change of Control 
If the Change of Control Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Issuer shall, within 10 TARGET Business Days following a Change of Control, give notice 
thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) with a copy to the Agent 
(the “Change of Control Notice”). The Change of Control Notice shall contain a statement 
informing the Noteholders of their entitlement to exercise their rights to require redemption of 
their Notes. 
The Change of Control Notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the following information: 
(A) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, information on the nature of the Change 
of Control; 
(B)
the last day of the Change of Control Put Exercise Period; 
(C)
the date on which the Notes will be repaid, which shall be the date falling fourteen 
Business Days after the Change of Control Exercise Period (the “Change of Control Put 
Date”); and 
(D) the Put Redemption Amount. 
The Agent shall not be required to monitor or take any steps to ascertain whether a Change of 
Control or any event which could lead to a Change of Control has occurred or may occur and 
will not be responsible or liable to Noteholders or any other person for any loss arising from 
any failure by it to do so. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
A “Change of Control” shall occur if an offer is made by any person (other than an Excepted 
Person) to all (or as nearly as may be practicable all) Shareholders (or all (or as nearly as may 
be practicable all) such Shareholders other than the offeror and/or any parties acting in concert 
(as defined in Article 3, paragraph 1, 5° of the Belgian Law of 1 April 2007 on public takeover 
bids or any modification or re-enactment thereof) with the offeror), to acquire all or a majority 
of the issued ordinary share capital of the Issuer and (the period of such offer being closed, the 
definitive results of such offer having been announced and such offer having become 
unconditional in all respects) the offeror has acquired or, following the publication of the results 
of such offer by the offeror, is entitled to acquire as a result of such offer, post completion 
thereof, Ordinary Shares or other voting rights of the Issuer so that it has either the direct or 
indirect ownership of more than 50% of the voting rights in the Issuer, whereby the date on 
which the Change of Control shall be deemed to have occurred shall be the date of the 
publication by the offeror of the results of the relevant offer (and for the sake of clarity prior to 
any reopening of the offer in accordance with Article 42 of the Royal Decree of 27 April 2007 
on Public Takeover Bids); 
“Excepted Person” means A³ Capital NV, A³ Management BV, STAK A³ Capital and any of 
their respective affiliates; 
“Ordinary Shares” means fully paid up ordinary shares in the capital of the Issuer currently 
with no-par value; 
“Shareholders” means the holders of Ordinary Shares;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer payment system which utilises a single shared platform and which was launched on 19 
November 2007; and 
“TARGET System” means the TARGET2 system. 
(ii)
Change of Control Put Option 
If the Noteholder gives notice to the Issuer within 120 calendar days following the date on which 
a Change of Control Notice is given to the Noteholders (the “Change of Control Put Exercise 
Period”) in respect of any or all of its Notes, the Issuer will, subject as provided below, be 
required to redeem the Notes at their Put Redemption Amount on the Change of Control Put 
Date together with any accrued interest to but excluding the Change of Control Put Date. The 
Issuer may not refuse to redeem the Notes, subject to compliance with the procedure described 
hereunder. 
To exercise its right pursuant to this Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change of Control (Change of 
Control Put Option)), the relevant Noteholder must (i) deliver or cause to be delivered to the 
Agent a certificate issued by the relevant accountholder certifying that the relevant Notes are 
blocked by it and (ii) complete and deposit with the financial intermediary through which the 
Noteholder holds its Notes (the “Financial Intermediary”) for further delivery to the Issuer 
(with a copy to the specified office of the Agent) a duly completed and signed notice of exercise 
in the form customarily used by the relevant Financial Intermediary and as obtainable from the 
Agent (a “Change of Control Put Exercise Notice”) at any time during the Change of Control 
Put Exercise Period. The Noteholders must check with their Financial Intermediary when such 
Financial Intermediary must receive instructions and Change of Control Put Exercise Notices 
in order to meet the deadlines for such exercise to be effective. 
Noteholders exercising their put option by giving notice of such exercise to any paying agent in 
accordance with the standard procedures of the NBB, Euroclear or Clearstream in lieu of 
depositing a Change of Control Put Exercise Notice with a Financial Intermediary, are also 
advised to check by when the relevant securities settlement system would require to receive 
notices in order to meet the deadlines for such exercise to be effective. 
The Issuer will not be liable for any inaction or late action of a Financial Intermediary or the 
Agent or any other paying agent and any fees charged by a Financial Intermediary and/or the 
Agent or any other paying agent in relation to the deposit of the Change of Control Put Exercise 
Notice or the transfer of the relevant Notes shall be borne by the relevant Noteholder. 
Noteholders should note that the exercise by any of them of the option set out in this 
Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)) will only be 
effective under Belgian law if, prior to the earliest of (a) the Issuer being notified by the FSMA 
of a formal filing of a proposed offer to the shareholders of the Issuer pursuant to Article 7 of 
the Belgian Royal Decree of 27 April 2007 on takeover bids or (b) the occurrence of the Change 
of Control, (i) the Change of Control Resolutions have been approved by the Shareholders of 
the Issuer in a general meeting and (ii) such resolutions have been filed with the Clerk of the 
Business Court of Brussels (greffe du tribunal de l’entreprise/griffie van de 
ondernemingsrechtbank). The Issuer has undertaken pursuant to this Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon 
a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)) to use all reasonable endeavours to 
procure that the Change of Control Resolutions are approved at the general meeting of 
Shareholders of the Issuer to be held not later than 1 July 2023 and to file a copy of the 
resolution as aforesaid immediately thereafter. If a Change of Control occurs prior to such 
approval and filing, holders will not be entitled to exercise the option set out in this

--- Page 83 ---
83 
Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put Option)). There can be 
no assurance that such approval will be granted at such meeting.
For the purposes of this Condition 6.6 (a): 
“Put Redemption Amount” means an amount per Note calculated by the Calculation Agent 
by multiplying the Redemption Rate as specified in the applicable Final Terms by the Specified 
Denomination of such Note and rounding, if necessary, the resultant figure to the nearest cent 
(half of one cent being rounded downwards), and by adding any accrued but unpaid interest of 
such Note to (but excluding) the relevant repayment date. 
The Put Redemption Amount will reflect a maximum yield of 0.75 points above the yield of the 
Notes on the Issue Date up to the Maturity Date in accordance with the Royal decree of 
26 May 1994 on the deduction and reimbursement of withholding tax in accordance with 
Chapter I of the law of 6 August 1993 on transactions in certain securities (Koninklijk besluit 
over de inhouding en de vergoeding van de roerende voorheffing overeenkomstig hoofdstuk I 
van de wet van 6 augustus 1993 betreffende de transacties met bepaalde effecten/Arrêté royal 
relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte mobilier conformément au chapitre Ier 
de la loi du 6 août 1993 relative aux opérations sur certaines valeurs mobilières) (the “Royal 
Decree”). The Royal Decree indeed requires that in relation to Notes that can be traded on N 
accounts, if investors exercise a right to have the Notes redeemed early, the actuarial return 
cannot exceed the actuarial return of the Notes upon the issue up to the final maturity by more 
than 0.75 points. 
(iii) If the Change of Control Resolutions are not passed 
If, by not later than 17 July 2023 (the “Long Stop Date”):  
(A) the Change of Control Resolutions are not passed, approved or adopted at a general 
meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer; or 
(B)
the Change of Control Resolutions have not been duly filed with the Clerk of the Business 
Court 
of 
Brussels 
(greffe 
du 
tribunal 
de 
l’entreprise/griffie 
van 
de 
ondernemingsrechtbank), 
then, with effect from the Interest Period starting on the first Interest Payment Date following 
the Long Stop Date, the Rate of Interest payable on the Notes, to the extent the Issue Date falls 
before the Long Stop Date, shall be increased by 0.50% per annum. 
The Issuer shall use all reasonable endeavours to procure that the Change of Control Resolutions 
are approved by a resolution of the Shareholders of the Issuer at its next general meeting, and 
in connection therewith to propose the Change of Control Resolutions at the next general 
meeting of the Shareholders of the Issuer to be held not later than on 1 July 2023 and undertakes 
to, immediately following approval of such resolutions, file a copy thereof with the Clerk of the 
Business Court of Brussels (greffe du tribunal de l’entreprise/griffie van de 
ondernemingsrechtbank). 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
“Change of Control Resolutions” means one or more resolutions duly passed, approved or 
adopted at a general meeting of Shareholders of the Issuer, approving the provisions of 
paragraph (i) above.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
(iv) Issuer Change of Control Call Option 
If as a result of this Condition 6.6 (a) (Upon a Change of Control (Change of Control Put 
Option)) and provided that the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as applicable in 
the applicable Final Terms, Noteholders submit Change of Control Put Exercise Notices in 
respect of at least 85 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of Notes of that Series for the 
time being outstanding, the Issuer may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ 
notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption) with a copy to the Agent, redeem 
all (but not some only) of the Notes then outstanding at the Put Redemption Amount together 
with any interest accrued to but excluding the date fixed for redemption. 
(b)
Other Put Option (Investor Put) 
If the Put Option is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall, at the option 
of the holder of any such Note, upon the holder of such Note giving not less than 15 nor more than 
30 days’ notice to the Issuer (or such other notice period as may be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms) redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date(s) at its Optional Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms (which may be the Early Redemption Amount (as described 
in Condition 6.2 (Early Redemption) above)), together with interest accrued to but excluding the date 
fixed for redemption. 
To exercise such option, the holder of the relevant Note must deliver a duly completed option exercise 
notice (“Exercise Notice”) in the form obtainable from the Agent within the relevant notice period 
to the specified office of the Agent. No Exercise Notice so deposited and option exercised may be 
withdrawn (except as provided in the Agency Agreement) without the prior consent of the Issuer. The 
Issuer will not be liable for any inaction or late action of the Agent and any fees charged by the Agent 
in relation to the deposit of the Exercise Notice or the transfer of the relevant Notes shall be borne by 
the relevant Noteholder. 
6.7
Purchase 
Subject to the requirements (if any) of any stock exchange on which the Notes may be admitted to 
listing and trading at the relevant time and subject to compliance with applicable laws and regulations, 
the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer may at any time purchase any Notes in the open market or 
otherwise at any price. 
6.8
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will be cancelled and may not be re-issued or resold. Notes purchased 
by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may be held or resold at the option of the Issuer or relevant 
Subsidiary, or cancelled. 
7.
Taxation 
All payments of principal and interest by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the Notes shall be made free 
and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for, any taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges of whatever nature (“Taxes”) imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or within the 
Kingdom of Belgium or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax, unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law. 
The Issuer will not be required to pay any additional or further amounts in respect of such deduction or 
withholding. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, if both the Tax Call Option and the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers are 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as shall

--- Page 85 ---
85 
result in receipt by the Noteholders of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect 
to any Note: 
(a)
Other connection: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who is liable to such Taxes, in respect 
of such Note by reason of his having some connection with the Kingdom of Belgium other than the 
mere holding of the Note; or
(b)
Lawful avoidance of withholding: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder who could lawfully 
avoid (but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by complying or procuring that any 
third party complies with any statutory requirements or by making or procuring that any third party 
makes a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
place where the relevant Notes are presented for payment; or
(c)
Non-Eligible Investor: to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder, who at the time of issue of the 
Notes, was not an eligible investor within the meaning of Article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 
May 1994 on the deduction of withholding tax, or to a Noteholder who was such an eligible investor 
at the time of issue of the Notes but, for reasons within the Noteholder’s control, either ceased to be 
an eligible investor or, at any relevant time on or after the issue of the Notes, otherwise failed to meet 
any other condition for the exemption of Belgian withholding tax pursuant to the law of 6 August 
1993 relating to certain securities; or
(d)
Conversion into registered securities: to a Noteholder who is liable to such Taxes because such Note 
held by it was upon its request converted into a registered Note and could no longer be cleared through 
the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Conditions, any amounts to be paid on the Notes by or on behalf 
of the Issuer will be paid net of any deduction or withholding imposed or required pursuant to an agreement 
described in Section 1471(b) of the Code, as amended, or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code (or any regulations thereunder or official interpretations thereof) or an 
intergovernmental agreement between the United States and another jurisdiction facilitating the 
implementation thereof (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (any such withholding or deduction, a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the 
Issuer nor any other person will be required to pay any additional amounts in respect of FATCA Withholding. 
8.
Covenants 
8.1
Adjusted Gearing Ratio 
(a)
If, on any Reference Date, the Adjusted Gearing Ratio is more than 0.75 to 1, then, with effect from 
the first Interest Payment Date following the relevant Reference Date where the increase has been 
evidenced (and notwithstanding whether it is remedied prior to such Interest Payment Date), the Rate 
of Interest applicable to the relevant Notes (the “Original Rate of Interest”) shall be increased by 1% 
per annum for the Interest Period commencing on such Interest Payment Date, it being understood 
that such interest rate increase of 1% per annum shall apply once and remain applicable for any 
subsequent Interest Period following an Interest Period during which the Adjusted Gearing Ratio is 
more than 0.75 to 1. 
(b)
If following any step-up pursuant to paragraph (a) above, the Adjusted Gearing Ratio is equal to or 
lower than 0.75 to 1 on two Reference Dates during the same Interest Period, then, with effect from

--- Page 86 ---
86 
the first Interest Payment Date following the relevant Reference Dates, the rate of interest payable on 
the Notes shall be the Original Rate of Interest. 
8.2
Publication of Adjusted Consolidated Equity, Adjusted Gearing Ratio and Adjusted 
Inventories/Net Financial Debt in respect of each Reference Date 
The Issuer shall publish on its website (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/june-2022-
emtn-programme-2022), in respect of each Reference Date, no later than on respectively 15 April of 
the following calendar year (in respect of any Reference Date that is 31 December) and 30 September 
of the same calendar year (in respect of any Reference Date that is 30 June), a certificate signed by 
one director and the chief financial officer of the Issuer and countersigned by the Issuer’s auditor after 
due verification, confirming that (i) the Adjusted Consolidated Equity is equal to or higher than 
EUR 250 million for the Relevant Period ending on the given Reference Date, (ii) the Adjusted 
Gearing Ratio in respect of the applicable Reference Date is equal to or lower than 0.75 to 1, more 
than 0.75 to 1 but equal to or lower than 0.80 to 1 or higher than 0.80 to 1 (as the case may be) and 
(iii) the Adjusted Inventories/Net Financial Debt in respect of the applicable Reference Date is higher 
than 1. All such certificates will remain published on the Issuer’s website as long as any Note remains 
outstanding. 
8.3
Definitions 
In these Conditions: 
“Adjusted Consolidated Equity” means, on the last day of the Relevant Period, the aggregate of the 
following items in the liabilities and shareholders’ equity section (“passif”) of the consolidated (IFRS) 
balance sheet of the Issuer, for the period covered by and based on the numbers included in the 
Relevant Financial Statements but using accounting principles and practices consistent with those 
applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements: 
I. 
Capital (“Capital”), 
II. 
Share premium account (“Prime d’émission”), 
III. Consolidated reserves (“Réserves consolidées”), 
VI. Translation differences (“Ecarts de conversion”), and 
VIII. Non-controlling interests (“Intérêts de tiers”); 
less the following items in the assets section: 
I. 
Establishment costs (“Frais d’établissement”), 
II. 
Intangible assets (“Immobilisations incorporelles”), and 
III. Consolidation differences (“Ecarts de consolidation”). 
“Adjusted Gearing Ratio” means, on the last day of the Relevant Period, the ratio of Net Financial 
Debt to the sum of Adjusted Consolidated Equity and Net Financial Debt; 
“Adjusted Inventories” means, on the last day of the Relevant Period, the “Inventories” in the 
Current Assets section (actifs circulants/vlottende activa) and the “Investment Property” in the Non-
Current Assets section (actifs immobilisés/vaste activa) of the consolidated (IFRS) balance sheet of 
the Issuer plus the pro rata share of the Issuer of the “Inventories” and the “Investment Property” 
held by its “joint ventures and associates” which are part of the section on “Investments in joint 
ventures and associates”, for the period covered by and based on the numbers included in the Relevant 
Financial Statements but using accounting principles and practices consistent with those applied in 
preparation of the Original Financial Statements;

--- Page 87 ---
87 
“Adjusted Inventories/Net Financial Debt” means, on the last day of the Relevant Period, the ratio 
of Adjusted Inventories to Net Financial Debt; 
“Financial Year” means the annual accounting period of the Group ending on 31 December in each 
year; 
“Net Financial Debt” means, on the last day of the Relevant Period, the aggregate of the non-current 
and current financial debts (passifs non courants-dettes financières/langlopende verplichtingen-
financiële schulden and passifs courants-dettes financières/kortlopende financiële verplichtingen-
financiële schulden) less the cash and cash equivalents (trésories et équivalents de trésorie/ 
geldmiddelen en kasequivalenten) taking into account the pro rata share of the Issuer of the equivalent 
line items for its “joint ventures and associates” which are part of the section on “Investments in joint 
ventures and associates”, for the period covered by and based on the numbers included in the Relevant 
Financial Statements but using accounting principles and practices consistent with those applied in 
preparation of the Original Financial Statements; 
“Reference Date” means 30 June and 31 December of each Financial Year; 
“Relevant Financial Statements” means: 
(i)
in respect of any Reference Date that is 31 December, the audited consolidated (IFRS) financial 
statements of the Issuer; and 
(ii)
in respect of any Reference Date that is 30 June, the interim condensed consolidated (IFRS) 
financial statements of the Issuer; 
“Original Financial Statements” means the audited consolidated (IFRS) financial statements of the 
Issuer for the period ending 31 December 2021; 
“Relevant Period” means each period of six months ending on a Reference Date; and 
“Tax” means any tax, levy, impost, duty or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including 
any penalty or interest payable in connection with any failure to pay or any delay in paying any of the 
same). 
For the purposes of calculating the financial covenants set out in this Condition 8 (Covenants) and 
Condition 10 (Events of Default) paragraphs (ii), (iii) and (iv), the Issuer shall compute the covenants 
in accordance with the definitions set out in these Conditions for the period covered by and based on 
the data included in Relevant Financial Statements, but using the accounting principles and practices 
consistent with those applied in preparation of the Original Financial Statements. 
9.
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payment in respect of principal and interest on the Notes shall be prescribed 
and become void unless made within a period of ten years in the case of principal and five years in the case 
of interest from the appropriate Relevant Date in respect of such payment. 
“Relevant Date” means, in respect of any Note, whichever is the later of: (i) the date on which payment in 
respect of it first becomes due and (ii) if any amount of money payable is improperly withheld or refused the 
date on which payment in full of the amount outstanding is made or (if earlier) the date on which notice is 
duly given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 11 (Notices) that such payment 
will be made, provided that such payment is in fact made as provided in these Conditions. 
10.
Events of Default 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall occur, the holder of any Note 
may give written notice to the Issuer at its statutory seat with a copy to the Agent that such Note is

--- Page 88 ---
88 
immediately due and repayable, at its principal amount together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
payment, without further formality, unless such event shall have been remedied prior to the receipt of such 
notice by the Agent or, if a remedy period is provided below, such event has been remedied within this 
remedy period: 
(i)
default is made in the payment when due of any amount due in respect of the Notes, and such 
default shall not have been remedied within seven days thereafter; or 
(ii)
the Adjusted Consolidated Equity is below EUR 250 million at any Reference Date; or 
(iii) the Adjusted Gearing Ratio of the Issuer is higher than 0.80 to 1 at any Reference Date; or 
(iv) the Adjusted Inventories/Net Financial Debt is below 1 at any Reference Date; or 
(v)
default is made in the performance of, or compliance with, any obligation of the Issuer in respect 
of the Notes (other than default referred to in paragraphs (i) to (iv) of this Condition 10) and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no continuation or notice as 
is hereinafter mentioned will be required) such default shall not have been remedied within 30 
calendar days after receipt by the Issuer of written notice from any Noteholder of such default 
requiring the default to be remedied; or 
(vi) any other present or future Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
(i) becomes due and payable prior to its stated maturity by reason of the occurrence of an event 
of default (however described) or (ii) is not paid when due or within any originally applicable 
grace period or (iii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails to pay when due any amount 
payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, any Financial 
Indebtedness, provided that in each case the aggregate amount of the relevant Financial 
Indebtedness, guarantees or indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
above in this paragraph have occurred equals or exceed EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency; or 
(vii) any Security, present or future, created or assumed by the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
becomes enforceable and any step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or 
the appointment of a receiver, manager or other similar person) provided that in each case the 
aggregate amount of indebtedness in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned 
above in this paragraph have occurred equals or exceeds EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent in 
any other currency. This paragraph (vii) shall not apply to any such step which is being contested 
by the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary in good faith; or 
(viii) a distress, attachment, execution or other similar legal process is levied, enforced or sued out on 
or against all or a material part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary having an aggregate value of EUR 15,000,000 (or its equivalent) and is not 
discharged or stayed within 50 calendar days. This paragraph (viii) shall not apply to any such 
process which is being contested by the Issuer or the relevant Material Subsidiary in good faith; 
or 
(ix) the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary is unable or admits inability to pay its debts as they fall due, 
suspends making payments on any of its debts or, by reason of actual or anticipated financial 
difficulties, commences negotiations with one or more of its creditors with a view to 
rescheduling any of its indebtedness, provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness 
concerned by any such situation equals or exceeds EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent in any 
other currency; or

--- Page 89 ---
89 
(x)
a moratorium is declared in respect of any indebtedness of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary, 
provided that the aggregate amount of the indebtedness concerned by such moratorium equals 
or exceeds EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(xi) the appointment of a liquidator (other than in a Solvent Reorganisation), receiver, administrative 
receiver, administrator, compulsory manager or other similar officer in respect of the Issuer or 
any Material Subsidiary provided that, in respect of a Material Subsidiary other than the Issuer, 
such appointment has, or reasonably will have, an adverse effect on the capacity of the Issuer 
to perform or comply with its obligations under the Notes; or 
(xii) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary is declared bankrupt, provided that, in respect of a Material 
Subsidiary other than the Issuer, such bankruptcy has, or reasonably will have, an adverse effect 
on the capacity of the Issuer to perform or comply with its obligations under the Notes; or 
(xiii) a judicial reorganisation (by way of voluntary arrangement, scheme of arrangement or 
otherwise) of the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary (other than as part of a Solvent 
Reorganisation) is declared open, provided that, in respect of a Material Subsidiary other than 
the Issuer, such reorganisation has, or reasonably will have, an adverse effect on the capacity of 
the Issuer to perform or comply with its obligations under the Notes; or 
(xiv) a composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement is entered into by the Issuer or any 
Material Subsidiary with any of their creditors, provided that the aggregate amount of the 
indebtedness concerned by such composition, compromise, assignment or arrangement equals 
or exceeds EUR 15,000,000 or its equivalent in any other currency; or 
(xv) the Issuer or a Material Subsidiary (a) sells, assigns or otherwise disposes to an entity that is not 
the Issuer or a Subsidiary more than 60% of the consolidated assets as set out from time to time 
in the latest audited consolidated annual financial statement of the Issuer, except if at least 80% 
of the net proceeds of such disposal are reinvested by the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary in 
assets in line with the business model of the Group, as it may be adapted from time to time, or 
are used to repay existing Financial Indebtedness, or the Issuer (b) ceases to carry on all or 
substantially all of its business, other than (for (a) and (b)) on terms approved by the general 
meeting of Noteholders; or 
(xvi) in the case of any Notes listed on the Issue Date on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels, 
the listing of the Notes on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels is withdrawn or suspended 
for a period of at least ten subsequent TARGET Business Days as a result of a failure by the 
Issuer, unless the Issuer obtains the listing of the Notes on another regulated market of the 
European Economic Area at the latest on the last day of this period of ten TARGET Business 
Days. 
In these Conditions: 
“Material Subsidiary” means at any time: 
(a) 
a Subsidiary of the Issuer (other than an Excluded Entity) (i) whose assets represent 10% or 
more of the total consolidated assets of the Group, those consolidated assets being measured on 
the basis of the latest available audited consolidated financial statement of the Issuer, or (ii) to 
which is transferred all or a substantial part of the assets and liabilities of another Subsidiary 
which immediately prior to such transfer was a Material Subsidiary; and 
(b) 
if the aggregate assets of the Issuer and the Subsidiaries referred to in paragraph (a) represent 
less than 70% of the consolidated assets of the Group, the Subsidiary or, as the case may be, 
Subsidiaries (in each case, other than any Excluded Entity) which have the highest assets within 
the Group, other than the Subsidiaries referred to in paragraph (a), provided that the aggregate

--- Page 90 ---
90 
assets of such Subsidiary or Subsidiaries (in each case, other than any Excluded Entity), together 
with the aggregate assets of the Issuer and the Subsidiaries referred to in paragraph (a) represent 
at least 70% of the consolidated assets of the Group; and 
(c) 
if the aggregate assets of the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries (other than any Excluded Entity) 
represent less than 70% of the consolidated assets of the Group, the Excluded Entity or, as the 
case may be, Excluded Entities which have the highest assets within the Group, provided that 
the aggregate assets of such Excluded Entity or Excluded Entities, together with the aggregate 
assets of the Issuer and all its Subsidiaries represent at least 70% of the consolidated assets of 
the Group. 
“Solvent Reorganisation” means an amalgamation, demerger, merger, consolidation, liquidation or 
corporate reconstruction on a solvent basis of a Material Subsidiary (and not involving the Issuer). 
11.
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if (i) delivered by or on behalf of the Issuer to the NBB Securities 
Settlement System for communication by it to the NBB Securities Settlement System participants and (ii) 
published on its website (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/june-2022-emtn-programme-
2022). Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the latest day of (i) seven days after its 
delivery to the NBB Securities Settlement System and (ii) publication on its website. 
The Issuer shall further ensure that all notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules 
and regulations of the regulated market of Euronext Brussels and on any stock exchange or other relevant 
authority on which the Notes are listed. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on the date of 
such publication or, if required to be published in more than one newspaper or in more than one manner, on 
the date of the first such publication in all the required newspapers or in each required manner. 
12.
Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
(i)
All meetings of Noteholders of a Series of Notes will be held in accordance with the provisions on 
meetings of Noteholders set out in Schedule 1 to these Conditions (the “Meeting Provisions”). 
Meetings of Noteholders of a Series of Notes may be convened to consider matters relating to the 
relevant Series of Notes, including the modification or waiver of any provision of the Conditions 
insofar the relevant Series of Notes is concerned. For the avoidance of doubt, any such modification 
or waiver shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
A meeting of Noteholders of one Series of Notes may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened 
by the Issuer upon the request in writing of Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes holding not 
less than one tenth of the aggregate nominal amount of the outstanding Notes of such Series of Notes. 
Any modification or waiver of any provision of the Conditions in respect of a Series of Notes 
proposed by the Issuer may only be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution. An 
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant 
Series of Notes duly convened and held in accordance with these Conditions and the Meeting 
Provisions by a majority of at least 75% of the votes cast, provided, however, that any such proposal 
(i) to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or interest 
amounts, (ii) to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate 
or a modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest, (iii) to assent to a reduction 
of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions under which any redemption, 
substitution or variation may be made, (iv) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any 
payment in respect of the Notes or the date for any such payment in circumstances not provided for 
in the Conditions, (v) to change the currency of payment of the Notes, (vi) to modify the provisions 
concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the majority required to pass an

--- Page 91 ---
91 
Extraordinary Resolution or (vii) to amend this proviso, may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes at which one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 75% or, at an adjourned meeting, 25% of the aggregate 
principal amount of the outstanding Notes of the relevant Series forms a quorum. 
Resolutions duly passed by a meeting of Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes in accordance 
with these provisions shall be binding on all Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes, whether or 
not they are present at the meeting and whether or not they vote in favour of such a resolution. 
The Meeting Provisions furthermore provide that, for so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form 
and settled through the NBB Securities Settlement System, in respect of any matters proposed by the 
Issuer, the Issuer shall be entitled, where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been 
notified to the Noteholders of a Series of Notes through the relevant securities settlement systems as 
provided in the Meeting Provisions, to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant 
securities settlement system(s) by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in principal amount 
of outstanding Notes of the relevant Series in accordance with Meeting Provisions 31.1 and 31.2 
respectively. To the extent such electronic consent is not being sought, the Meeting Provisions 
provide that, if authorised by the Issuer and to the extent permitted by Belgian law, a resolution in 
writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less than 75% of the aggregate nominal amount of 
the Notes of the relevant Series shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary 
Resolution passed at a meeting of holders of Notes of the relevant Series duly convened and held, 
provided that the terms of the proposed resolution shall have been notified in advance to those 
Noteholders of the relevant Series of Notes through the relevant settlement system(s). Such a 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each 
signed by or on behalf of one or more holders of Notes. 
(ii)
The Agent may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders, to any modification of, any waiver or 
authorisation of any breach or proposed breach of, or any failure to comply with, the Agency 
Agreement, the service contract for the issuance of fixed income securities dated 2 June 2021 between 
the Issuer, the NBB and the Agent (the “Clearing Agreement”), the Notes or the Conditions, either 
(i) if to do so could not reasonably be expected to be materially prejudicial to the interests of the 
relevant Noteholders or (ii) which in the Agent’s opinion is of a formal, minor or technical nature or 
(iii) which is made to correct a manifest error or (iv) to comply with mandatory provisions of law. 
13.
Further issues 
The Issuer may from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders create and issue further notes either 
having the same terms and conditions as the Notes in all respects or in all respects except for the first payment 
of interest on them and so that such further issue shall be consolidated and form a single series with the 
outstanding Notes of any tranche (including the Notes) or upon such terms as the Issuer may determine at 
the time of their issue. References in these Conditions to the Notes include (unless the context requires 
otherwise) any other Notes issued pursuant to this Condition and forming a single series with the Notes. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening a meeting of the outstanding holders of any tranche 
of Notes (including the Noteholders). 
14.
Governing law and submission to jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law 
The Agency Agreement and the Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Belgian law.

--- Page 92 ---
92 
(b)
Jurisdiction 
(i)
The courts of Brussels, Belgium are to have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement and the Notes and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Notes and accordingly any legal 
action or proceedings arising out of or in connection with the Notes and any non-contractual 
obligations arising out of or in connection with the Agency Agreement or the Notes 
(“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. 
(ii)
If the Prohibition of Sales to Consumers is specified as not applicable in the applicable Final 
Terms, paragraph (i) is without prejudice to the jurisdiction of any courts pursuant to Article 
624, 1°, 2° and 4° of the Belgian Judicial Code.

--- Page 93 ---
93 
Schedule 1 
Provisions on meetings of Noteholders 
Interpretation 
1.
In this Schedule: 
1.1
references to a “meeting” are to a meeting of Noteholders of a single Series of Notes and include, 
unless the context otherwise requires, any adjournment; 
1.2
references to “Notes” and “Noteholders” are only to the relevant Series of Notes and in respect of 
which a meeting has been, or is to be, called and to the holders of that Series of Notes, respectively; 
1.3
 “agent” means a holder of a Voting Certificate or a proxy for, or representative of, a Noteholder; 
1.4
“Block Voting Instruction” means a document issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 10; 
1.5
“Electronic Consent” has the meaning set out in paragraph 31.1; 
1.6
“Extraordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in 
paragraph 4 and passed (a) at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held in accordance with 
this Schedule 1 (Provisions on meetings of Noteholders) by a majority of at least 75% of the votes 
cast, (b) by a Written Resolution or (c) by an Electronic Consent; 
1.7
“NBB Securities Settlement System” means the securities settlement system operated by the NBB 
or any successor thereto; 
1.8
“Ordinary Resolution” means a resolution with regard to any of the matters listed in paragraph 5 
and passed or proposed to be passed by a majority of at least 50% of the votes cast; 
1.9
“Recognised Accountholder” means an entity recognised as account holder in accordance with the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code with whom a Noteholder holds Notes on a securities 
account; 
1.10
“Voting Certificate” means a certificate issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB 
Securities Settlement System in accordance with paragraph 8; 
1.11
“Written Resolution” means a resolution in writing signed by the holders of not less than 75% in 
principal amount of the Notes outstanding; and 
1.12
references to persons representing a proportion of the Notes are to Noteholders of a Series, proxies 
or representatives of such Noteholders holding or representing in the aggregate at least that proportion 
in nominal amount of the Notes of that Series for the time being outstanding. 
General 
2.
All meetings of Noteholders will be held in accordance with the provisions set out in this Schedule. 
3.
Where any of the provisions of this Schedule would be illegal, invalid or unenforceable, that will not affect 
the legality, validity and enforceability of the other provisions of this Schedule. 
Extraordinary Resolution 
4.
A meeting of Noteholders shall, subject to the Conditions and (except in the case of sub-paragraph 4.6) only 
with the consent of the Issuer and without prejudice to any powers conferred on other persons by this 
Schedule, have power by Extraordinary Resolution.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
4.1
to sanction any proposal by the Issuer for any modification, abrogation, variation or compromise of, 
or arrangement in respect of, the rights of the Noteholders against the Issuer (other than in accordance 
with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law); 
4.2
to assent to any modification of this Schedule or the Notes proposed by the Issuer or the Agent; 
4.3
to authorise anyone to concur in and do anything necessary to carry out and give effect to an 
Extraordinary Resolution; 
4.4
to give any authority, direction or sanction required to be given by Extraordinary Resolution; 
4.5
to appoint any persons (whether Noteholders or not) as a committee or committees to represent the 
Noteholders’ interests and to confer on them any powers (or discretions which the Noteholders could 
themselves exercise by Extraordinary Resolution; 
4.6
to approve the substitution of any entity for the Issuer (or any previous substitute) as principal debtor 
under the Notes or to approve the exchange or substitution of the Notes into shares, bonds or other 
obligations or securities of the Issuer or any other person, in each case in circumstances not provided 
for in the Conditions or in applicable law; and 
4.7
to accept any security interests established in favour of the Noteholders or a modification to the nature 
or scope of any existing security interest or a modification to the release mechanics of any existing 
security interests, 
provided that the special quorum provisions in paragraph 20 shall apply to any Extraordinary 
Resolution (a “special quorum resolution”) for the purpose of sub-paragraph 4.6 or for the purpose 
of making a modification to the Conditions of the Notes or this Schedule which would have the effect 
(other than in accordance with the Conditions or pursuant to applicable law): 
(i)
to amend the dates of maturity or redemption of the Notes or date for payment of interest or 
interest amounts; 
(ii)
to assent to an extension of an interest period, a reduction of the applicable interest rate or a 
modification of the conditions applicable to the payment of interest; 
(iii) to assent to a reduction of the nominal amount of the Notes or a modification of the conditions 
under which any redemption, substitution or variation may be made; 
(iv) to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Notes or the date 
for any such payment in circumstances not provided for in the Conditions; 
(v)
to change the currency of payment of the Notes; 
(vi) to modify the provisions concerning the quorum required at any meeting of Noteholders or the 
majority required to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(vii) to amend this proviso. 
Ordinary Resolution 
5.
Notwithstanding any of the foregoing and without prejudice to any powers otherwise conferred on other 
persons by this Schedule, a meeting of Noteholders shall have power by Ordinary Resolution: 
5.1
to assent to any decision to take any conservatory measures in the general interest of the Noteholders; 
5.2
to assent to the appointment of any representative to implement any Ordinary Resolution; or 
5.3
to assent to any other decisions which do not require an Extraordinary Resolution to be passed.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
Any modification or waiver of any of the Conditions shall always be subject to the consent of the Issuer. 
Convening a meeting 
6.
The Issuer may at any time convene a meeting. A meeting of a Series shall be convened by the Issuer upon 
the request in writing of Noteholders holding at least 10% in principal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding. Every meeting shall be held at a time and place approved by the Agent. 
7.
Convening notices for meetings of Noteholders shall be given to the Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 11 (Notices) not less than fifteen days prior to the relevant meeting. The notice shall specify the 
day, time and place of the meeting and the nature of the resolutions to be proposed and shall explain how 
Noteholders may appoint proxies or representatives, obtain Voting Certificates and use Block Voting 
Instructions and the details of the time limits applicable. 
Arrangements for voting 
8.
A Voting Certificate shall: 
8.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities Settlement System; 
8.2
state that on the date thereof (i) the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Block Voting 
Instruction has been issued which is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Voting 
Certificate and any such adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the 
satisfaction of such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities Settlement System) held to its 
order or under its control and blocked by it and (ii) that no such Notes will cease to be so held and 
blocked until the first to occur of: 
8.2.1 the conclusion of the meeting specified in such certificate or, if applicable, any such adjourned 
meeting; and 
8.2.2 the surrender of the Voting Certificate to the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities 
Settlement System who issued the same; and 
8.3
further state that until the release of the Notes represented thereby the bearer of such certificate is 
entitled to attend and vote at such meeting and any such adjourned meeting in respect of the Notes 
represented by such certificate. 
9.
A Block Voting Instruction shall: 
9.1
be issued by a Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities Settlement System; 
9.2
certify that the Notes (not being Notes in respect of which a Voting Certificate has been issued and 
is outstanding in respect of the meeting specified in such Block Voting Instruction and any such 
adjourned meeting) of a specified principal amount outstanding were (to the satisfaction of such 
Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities Settlement System) held to its order or under its 
control and blocked by it and that no such Notes will cease to be so held and blocked until the first 
to occur of: 
9.2.1 the conclusion of the meeting specified in such document or, if applicable, any such adjourned 
meeting; and 
9.2.2 the giving of notice by the Recognised Accountholder or the NBB Securities Settlement 
System to the Issuer, stating that certain of such Notes cease to be held with it or under its 
control and blocked and setting out the necessary amendment to the Block Voting Instruction;

--- Page 96 ---
96 
9.3
certify that each holder of such Notes has instructed such Recognised Accountholder or the NBB 
Securities Settlement System that the vote(s) attributable to the Note(s) so held and blocked should 
be cast in a particular way in relation to the resolution or resolutions which will be put to such meeting 
or any such adjourned meeting and that all such instructions cannot be revoked or amended during 
the period commencing 48 hours prior to the time for which such meeting or any such adjourned 
meeting is convened and ending at the conclusion or adjournment thereof; 
9.4
state the principal amount of the Notes so held and blocked, distinguishing with regard to each 
resolution between (i) those in respect of which instructions have been given as aforesaid that the 
votes attributable thereto should be cast in favour of the resolution, (ii) those in respect of which 
instructions have been so given that the votes attributable thereto should be cast against the resolution 
and (iii) those in respect of which instructions have been so given to abstain from voting; and 
9.5
naming one or more persons (each hereinafter called a “proxy”) as being authorised and instructed 
to cast the votes attributable to the Notes so listed in accordance with the instructions referred to in 
paragraph 9.4 above as set out in such document. 
10.
If a holder of Notes wishes the votes attributable to it to be included in a Block Voting Instruction for a 
meeting, he must block such Notes for that purpose at least 48 hours before the time fixed for the meeting 
to the order of the Agent with a bank or other depositary nominated by the Agent for the purpose. The Agent 
or such bank or other depositary shall then issue a Block Voting Instruction in respect of the votes attributable 
to all Notes so blocked. 
11.
No votes shall be validly cast at a meeting unless in accordance with a Voting Certificate or Block Voting 
Instruction. 
12.
The proxy appointed for purposes of the Block Voting Instruction or Voting Certificate does not need to be 
a Noteholder. 
13.
Votes can only be validly cast in accordance with Voting Certificates and Block Voting Instructions in 
respect of Notes held to the order or under the control and blocked by a Recognised Accountholder or the 
NBB Securities Settlement System and which have been deposited at the statutory seat at the Issuer not less 
than 48 hours before the time for which the meeting to which the relevant voting instructions and Block 
Voting Instructions relate, has been convened or called. The Voting Certificate and Block Voting 
Instructions shall be valid for as long as the relevant Notes continue to be so held and blocked. During the 
validity thereof, the holder of any such Voting Certificate or (as the case may be) the proxies named in any 
such Block Voting Instruction shall, for all purposes in connection with the relevant meeting, be deemed to 
be the holder of the Notes to which such Voting Certificate or Block Voting Instruction relates. 
14.
In default of a deposit, the Block Voting Instruction or the Voting Certificate shall not be treated as valid, 
unless the chairman of the meeting decides otherwise before the meeting or adjourned meeting proceeds to 
business. 
15.
A corporation which holds a Note may by delivering at least 48 hours before the time fixed for a meeting to 
a bank or other depositary appointed by the Agent for such purposes a certified copy of a resolution of its 
directors or other governing body (with, if it is not in English, a certified translation into English) authorise 
any person to act as its representative (a “representative”) in connection with that meeting. 
Chairman 
16.
The chairman of a meeting shall be such person as the Issuer may nominate in writing, but if no such 
nomination is made or if the person nominated is not present within 15 minutes after the time fixed for the 
meeting the Noteholders or agents present shall choose one of their number to be chairman, failing which

--- Page 97 ---
97 
the Issuer may appoint a chairman. The chairman need not be a Noteholder or agent. The chairman of an 
adjourned meeting need not be the same person as the chairman of the original meeting. 
Attendance 
17.
The following may attend and speak at a meeting of Noteholders: 
17.1
Noteholders and their agents, financial and legal advisers; 
17.2
the chairman and the secretary of the meeting; and 
17.3
the Issuer and the Agent (through their respective representatives) and their respective financial and 
legal advisers. 
18.
No one else may attend or speak. 
Quorum and Adjournment 
19.
No business (except choosing a chairman) shall be transacted at a meeting unless a quorum is present at the 
commencement of business. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time initially fixed for 
the meeting, it shall, if convened on the requisition of Noteholders, be dissolved. In any other case it shall 
be adjourned until such date, not less than 14 nor more than 42 days later, and time and place as the chairman 
may decide. If a quorum is not present within 15 minutes from the time fixed for a meeting so adjourned, 
the meeting shall be dissolved. 
20.
One or more Noteholders or agents present in person shall be a quorum: 
20.1
in the cases marked “No minimum proportion” in the table below, whatever the proportion of the 
Notes which they represent; 
20.2
in any other case, only if they represent the proportion of the Notes shown by the table below. 
Purpose of meeting 
Any meeting except for a 
meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Meeting 
previously 
adjourned through want of a 
quorum 
Required proportion 
Required proportion 
To pass a special quorum resolution 
75% 
25% 
To 
pass 
any 
Extraordinary 
Resolution 
A clear majority. 
No minimum proportion 
To pass an Ordinary Resolution 
10% 
No minimum proportion 
21.
The chairman may, with the consent of (and shall if directed by) a meeting of Noteholders, adjourn the 
meeting from time to time and from place to place. Only business which could have been transacted at the 
original meeting may be transacted at a meeting adjourned in accordance with this paragraph or 
paragraph 19. 
22.
At least ten days’ notice of a meeting adjourned due to the quorum not being present shall be given in the 
same manner as for an original meeting and that notice shall state the quorum required at the adjourned 
meeting. Subject as aforesaid, it shall not be necessary to give any other notice of an adjourned general 
meeting.

--- Page 98 ---
98 
Voting 
23.
Each question submitted to a meeting of Noteholders shall be decided by a show of hands, unless a poll is 
(before, or on the declaration of the result of, the show of hands) demanded by the chairman, the Issuer or 
one or more persons representing 2% of the Notes. 
24.
Unless a poll is demanded, a declaration by the chairman that a resolution has or has not been passed shall 
be conclusive evidence of the fact without proof of the number or proportion of the votes cast in favour of 
or against it. 
25.
If a poll is demanded, it shall be taken in such manner and (subject as provided below) either at once or after 
such adjournment as the chairman directs. The result of the poll shall be deemed to be the resolution of the 
meeting of Noteholders at which it was demanded as at the date it was taken. A demand for a poll shall not 
prevent the meeting continuing for the transaction of business other than the question on which it has been 
demanded. 
26.
A poll demanded on the election of a chairman or on a question of adjournment shall be taken at once. 
27.
On a show of hands or a poll every person has one vote in respect of each nominal amount equal to the 
minimum Specified Denomination of the Notes so produced or represented by the Voting Certificate so 
produced or for which he is a proxy or representative. Without prejudice to the obligations of proxies, a 
person entitled to more than one vote need not use them all or cast them all in the same way. 
Effect and Publication of an Extraordinary and an Ordinary Resolution 
28.
An Extraordinary Resolution and an Ordinary Resolution shall be binding on all the Notes, whether or not 
present at the meeting, and each of them shall be bound to give effect to it accordingly. The passing of such 
a resolution shall be conclusive evidence that the circumstances justify its being passed. The Issuer shall 
give notice of the passing of an Ordinary Resolution or an Extraordinary Resolution to Noteholders within 
fourteen days but failure to do so shall not invalidate the resolution. 
Minutes 
29.
Minutes shall be made of all resolutions and proceedings at every meeting and, if purporting to be signed by 
the chairman of that meeting or of the next succeeding meeting, shall be conclusive evidence of the matters 
in them. Until the contrary is proved every meeting for which minutes have been so made and signed shall 
be deemed to have been duly convened and held and all resolutions passed or proceedings transacted at it to 
have been duly passed and transacted. 
30.
The minutes must be published on the website of the Issuer within fifteen days after they have been passed. 
Written Resolutions and Electronic Consent 
31.
For so long as the Notes are in dematerialised form and settled through the NBB Securities Settlement 
System, then in respect of any matters proposed by the Issuer: 
31.1
Where the terms of the resolution proposed by the Issuer have been notified to the Noteholders 
through the relevant securities settlement system(s) as provided in sub-paragraphs 31.1.1 and/or 
31.1.2, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely upon approval of such resolution given by way of electronic 
consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant securities 
settlement system(s) to the Agent or another specified agent in accordance with their operating rules 
and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding (the “Required Proportion”) by close of business on the Relevant Date (“Electronic 
Consent”). Any resolution passed in such manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the

--- Page 99 ---
99 
relevant consent or instruction proves to be defective. The Issuer shall not be liable or responsible to 
anyone for such reliance. 
31.1.1 When a proposal for a resolution to be passed as an Electronic Consent has been made, at least 
fifteen days’ notice (exclusive of the day on which the notice is given and of the day on which 
affirmative consents will be counted) shall be given to the Noteholders through the relevant 
securities settlement system(s). The notice shall specify, in sufficient detail to enable 
Noteholders to give their consents in relation to the proposed resolution, the method by which 
their consents may be given (including, where applicable, blocking of their accounts in the 
relevant securities settlement system(s)) and the time and date (the “Relevant Date”) by which 
they must be received in order for such consents to be validly given, in each case subject to 
and in accordance with the operating rules and procedures of the relevant securities settlement 
system(s). 
31.1.2 If, on the Relevant Date on which the consents in respect of an Electronic Consent are first 
counted, such consents do not represent the Required Proportion, the resolution shall be 
deemed to be defeated. Such determination shall be notified in writing to the Agent. 
Alternatively, the Issuer may give a further notice to Noteholders that the resolution will be 
proposed again on such date and for such period as determined by the Issuer. Such notice must 
inform Noteholders that insufficient consents were received in relation to the original 
resolution and the information specified in sub-paragraph 31.1.1 above. For the purpose of 
such further notice, references to “Relevant Date” shall be construed accordingly. 
For the avoidance of doubt, an Electronic Consent may only be used in relation to a resolution 
proposed by the Issuer which is not then the subject of a meeting that has been validly 
convened in accordance with paragraph 7 above, unless that meeting is or shall be cancelled 
or dissolved. 
31.2
To the extent Electronic Consent is not being sought in accordance with paragraph 31.1, a resolution 
in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 75% in nominal amount of the Notes 
outstanding shall for all purposes be as valid and effective as an Extraordinary Resolution or an 
Ordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held, provided that the 
terms of the proposed resolution have been notified in advance to the Noteholders through the 
relevant securities settlement system(s). Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more 
Noteholders. For the purpose of determining whether a resolution in writing has been validly passed, 
the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on consent or instructions given in writing directly to the Issuer 
(a) by accountholders in the securities settlement system(s) with entitlements to the Notes or 
(b) where the accountholders hold any such entitlement on behalf of another person, on written 
consent from or written instruction by the person identified by that accountholder for whom such 
entitlement is held. For the purpose of establishing the entitlement to give any such consent or 
instruction, the Issuer shall be entitled to rely on any certificate or other document issued by, in the 
case of (a) above, the NBB Securities Settlement System, Euroclear, Clearstream or any other 
relevant alternative securities settlement system (the “relevant securities settlement system”) and, 
in the case of (b) above, the relevant securities settlement system and the accountholder identified by 
the relevant securities settlement system for the purposes of (b) above. Any resolution passed in such 
manner shall be binding on all Noteholders, even if the relevant consent or instruction proves to be 
defective. Any such certificate or other document may comprise any form of statement or print out 
of electronic records provided by the relevant securities settlement system (including Euroclear’s 
EUCLID or Clearstream’s CreationOnline system) in accordance with its usual procedures and in 
which the accountholder of a particular principal or nominal amount of Notes is clearly identified 
together with the amount of such holding. The Issuer shall not be liable to any person by reason of

--- Page 100 ---
100 
having accepted as valid or not having rejected any certificate or other document to such effect 
purporting to be issued by any such person and subsequently found to be forged or not authentic. 
32.
A Written Resolution or Electronic Consent shall take effect as an Extraordinary Resolution. A Written 
Resolution and/or Electronic Consent will be binding on all Noteholders whether or not they participated in 
such Written Resolution and/or Electronic Consent.

--- Page 101 ---
101 
SETTLEMENT 
The Notes will be accepted for settlement through the NBB Securities Settlement System, and will 
accordingly be subject to the NBB Securities Settlement System Regulations (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”). 
The number of Notes in circulation at any time will be registered in the register of registered securities of 
the Issuer in the name of the NBB. 
Access to the NBB Securities Settlement System is available through those of its NBB Securities Settlement 
System participants whose membership extends to securities such as the Notes. 
NBB Securities Settlement System participants include certain banks, stockbrokers, and Euroclear, 
Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD 
(for a list of all the NBB Securities Settlement System participants, please refer to https://www.nbb.be/nl/list-
nbb-investor-icsds). Accordingly, the Notes will be eligible to clear through, and therefore accepted by, 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France 
and LuxCSD and investors can hold their Notes within securities accounts in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX 
SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France and LuxCSD. 
Transfers of interests in the Notes will be effected between NBB Securities Settlement System participants 
in accordance with the rules and operating procedures of the NBB Securities Settlement System. Transfers 
between investors will be effected in accordance with the respective rules and operating procedures of the 
NBB Securities Settlement System participants through which they hold their Notes. 
The Agent will perform the obligations of paying agent included in the Clearing Agreement. 
The Issuer, the Dealers and the Agent will not have any responsibility for the proper performance by the 
NBB Securities Settlement System or its NBB Securities Settlement System participants of their obligations 
under their respective rules and operating procedures. The payment of any amounts due by the Issuer in 
respect of the Notes through the Agent to the NBB discharges the payment obligations of the Issuer.

--- Page 102 ---
102 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
For each issue of Notes, the net proceeds of the Notes may be applied by the Issuer as follows: 
(i)
for the financing of projects under development, the potential acquisition of future projects and the 
refinancing of existing indebtedness of the Group. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, no such 
specific projects or indebtedness have been identified; or 
(ii)
as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms, any other specific use, including to finance or 
refinance exclusively, in whole or in part, a portfolio of Eligible Assets (as defined under the 
paragraph entitled “Use of the Proceeds” in the section “Green Finance Framework”). For further 
information, please see the section “Green Finance Framework”. 
.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
GREEN FINANCE FRAMEWORK 
Introduction 
The Issuer has set up a green finance framework (the “Green Finance Framework”) with the aim to attract 
funding that will be allocated to sustainable and energy efficient real estate assets in its development 
portfolio. 
The 
Green 
Finance 
Framework 
is 
publicly 
available 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/green-finance-framework). 
The 
Green 
Finance 
Framework is not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
The Green Finance Framework has been prepared in line with the voluntary guidelines of: 

the ICMA Green Bond Principles (version June 2018); and 

the LMA Green Loan Principles (version February 2021).  
This section contains a short summary of the Green Finance Framework as at the date of the Base Prospectus. 
The Green Finance Framework may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.  
While this section addresses Notes which are specified in the applicable Final Terms to constitute green 
notes (the “Green Notes”) specifically, the Issuer may more generally from time to time enter into or issue, 
as applicable, any other green bonds, green notes, green private placements and/or green (syndicated) loans 
under its Green Finance Framework (together “Green Finance Instruments”). 
For each of the Green Finance Instruments, including Green Notes, (i) the use of proceeds, (ii) the process 
for assets evaluation and selection, (iii) the management of the net proceeds, (iv) the reporting on allocation 
and impact, and (v) the external review will be carried out in accordance with the Green Finance Framework. 
Use of the proceeds 
The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds of the Green Notes issued under the Green Finance Framework 
from time to time (on an aggregated basis) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, a portfolio of 
assets, projects and activities which contribute to the Issuer’s ESG (environmental, social and governance) 
strategy based on the eligibility criteria set out in the Green Finance Framework (the “Eligible Assets”). The 
table below provides an overview of the eligibility criteria (mapped onto the relevant United Nations 
Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)) as at the date of the Base Prospectus. Eligible Assets include both 
the construction or the acquisition of new or ongoing projects, as well as assets that were already owned by 
the Issuer and which received major renovations and consequently, qualify as an Eligible Asset. 
The allocation of the proceeds of the Green Notes to the underlying Eligible Assets may not meet all 
investors’ expectations and in particular, may not be aligned with future guidelines and/or regulatory or 
legislative criteria regarding sustainability performance.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
Process for assets evaluation and selection 
On at least an annual basis, the Issuer’s Treasury department shall populate an overview of potential Eligible 
Assets at the level of the Group. The list of potential Eligible Assets is subsequently evaluated by the Group’s 
dedicated Green Finance Committee (composed of the Group Treasurer, the Group CSR manager and the 
Group Legal manager) which will verify whether the proposed assets individually comply with the eligibility 
criteria set out in the Green Finance Framework and subsequently approves the final list of Eligible Assets. 
Management of proceeds 
The Issuer’s Treasury department will manage the net proceeds of outstanding Green Notes on a portfolio 
basis and the net proceeds of Green Notes will be tracked internally. As long as any Green Notes under the 
Green Finance Framework are outstanding, the Issuer aims to allocate an amount equivalent to the net 
proceeds of such Green Notes towards its portfolio of Eligible Assets (which may comprise various eligible 
projects). If a specific project is divested, discontinued or does no longer meet the definition of Eligible 
Assets as set out above, it will be removed from the portfolio of Eligible Assets. In such a scenario, the Issuer 
will strive to replace the asset with another Eligible Asset as soon as reasonably practicable. The Issuer aims 
to ensure that the aggregate amount of Green Finance Instruments (including the Green Notes) outstanding 
will not exceed the value of the portfolio of Eligible Assets at the level of the Group. Pending the allocation 
of the net proceeds of Green Notes to the portfolio of Eligible Assets, or in case insufficient Eligible Assets

--- Page 105 ---
105 
are available, the Issuer will manage the unallocated proceeds in cash or cash equivalent, in line with its 
regular treasury criteria. 
The allocation of the net proceeds of outstanding Green Notes to the portfolio of Eligible Assets will be 
reviewed and approved by the Issuer’s management on at least an annual basis, until full allocation of the 
net proceeds of outstanding Green Notes.  
Reporting 
The Issuer will report on the portfolio of Eligible Assets towards which the net proceeds of the Green Notes 
are allocated for the first time one year after the entry into or the issuance (as applicable) of the relevant 
Green Notes, and then annually until full allocation. This reporting is currently expected to include an 
overview of relevant eligibility criteria which are satisfied, the associated environmental impact and a 
breakdown of the allocation of proceeds in terms of new financing and refinancing (i.e. share of allocation 
to projects under construction/refurbishment and share of allocation to existing assets). The Issuer intends to 
report for all Green Finance Instruments (including the Green Notes) outstanding on an aggregated basis. 
The Issuer will align, on a best effort basis, the reporting with the portfolio approach described in the ICMA 
Handbook “Harmonized Framework for Impact Reporting” (version December 2020). The reporting will be 
available on the Issuer’s website (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/green-finance-
framework). 
External review 
A second party opinion (the “Second Party Opinion”) has been obtained from Sustainalytics B.V. on the 
Green Finance Framework, assessing and confirming the alignment of the Green Finance Framework with 
the ICMA Green Bond Principles and the LMA Green Loan Principles, and, in particular, the management 
of and reporting on the use of proceeds of Green Notes to be issued by the Issuer. The Second Party Opinion 
does not assess or confirm compliance of any Green Notes (and the relevant use of proceeds) with the criteria 
and procedures set out in the Green Finance Framework. The Second Party Opinion is available on the 
Issuer’s website (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/update-emtn-programme-2019) and is 
not incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. The Second Party Opinion 
may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time.  
The Issuer will also appoint an independent verifier to provide a post-issuance review addressing the 
allocation of the net proceeds of any Green Notes issued, on an annual basis until full allocation, or in case 
of significant changes in the allocation of proceeds. 
Any such opinion or review is not nor should be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers, 
or any other person to buy, sell or hold any Green Notes. As a result, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers 
will be, or shall be deemed, liable for any issue in connection with its content. For the avoidance of doubt, 
this is without prejudice to the responsibility of the Issuer for the information contained in this Base 
Prospectus and the Final Terms for each Tranche of Notes, as set out in the “Important Information” section 
above.

--- Page 106 ---
106 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER
1.
General information about the Issuer  
The Issuer is a limited liability company (société anonyme/naamloze vennootschap) which was incorporated 
under Belgian law on 9 July 1863 and duly authorised by a Royal Decree of 23 July 1863. The Issuer is also 
known as “Compagnie Immobilière de Belgique” or “Immobiliën Vennootschap van België”. The duration 
of the Issuer is indefinite. 
The Issuer has its statutory seat at Boulevard Anspach 1, 1000 Brussels, Belgium and is registered with the 
Crossroads Bank of Enterprises (Banque-Carrefour des Entreprises/Kruispuntbank van Ondernemingen) 
under the number 0405.966.675 (RLE Brussels, French-speaking division). It can be contacted at the 
telephone 
number 
+32 (0)2 422 53 11. 
Additional 
information 
is 
included 
on 
its 
website 
(www.immobelgroup.com). The information set out on the website of the Issuer does not form part of this 
Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer has been listed on Euronext Brussels since 1863. 
The Issuer’s LEI is 549300GAV4HKKFJA8W67. 
2.
Corporate purpose 
The Issuer’s corporate purpose, as stated in article 2 of its articles of association, is as follows: 
1. 
The purchase, sale, exchange, trading, brokering, renting – actively or passively –, building, 
operation, development, division, management of all kinds of real estate properties. 
2. 
The execution of all types of infrastructure and equipment works, with a view to their plot and 
development. 
3. 
The execution of all types of renovation and transformation works on built properties, as well as the 
management of properties. 
4. 
The lending of real estate properties. 
5. 
The design, management and sponsoring, for the account of the Issuer, the State, the regions, the 
cities and any third parties, of all works related to the construction industry. 
6. 
Finally, all activities, which character or main purpose would be to increase the value of properties, 
for its own account or in association with or for the account of third parties, through, inter alia, the 
construction of properties to be divided into apartments or else, their interior design, both real estate 
and furniture and, after completion, their management and operation. 
The transactions listed in points 1 to 6 above may be executed in Belgium and abroad. The Issuer may act in 
these operations, both for its own account, in association as well as for third parties. The Issuer may be 
interested by assignment, contribution, merger, participation, subscription or purchase of shares, bonds or 
other securities, or in any other manner in any other issuer or business whose purpose would be similar or 
related to its own, acquire and sell any shares and securities. It can proceed to, in general, all industrial, 
securities, real estate, commercial, financial, agricultural, forestry or other operations related, directly or 
indirectly, to its purpose. 
3.
Selected financial information
The tables below set out a summary of the key financial information extracted from the audited financial 
statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2021, in each 
case prepared in accordance with international financial reporting standards. The Issuer’s financial year starts 
on 1 January and ends on 31 December.

--- Page 107 ---
107

--- Page 108 ---
108

--- Page 109 ---
109 
(*) Cash flows relating to equity accounted investees and disposal of subsidiaries have been represented 
from cash flow from operating activities to cash flow from investing activities to align the presentation to 
the nature of the underlying cash flows as defined by IFRS.

--- Page 110 ---
110 
Adjusted Gearing Ratio 
The Issuer’s Adjusted Gearing Ratio, being the ratio of Net Financial Debt to the sum of Adjusted 
Consolidated Equity and Net Financial Debt (each as defined in the Conditions) amounted to 0.58 as at 
31 December 2021 (compared to 0.64 at 31 December 2020).  
The Adjusted Gearing Ratio is a measure of financial leverage that demonstrates the degree to which the 
Issuer’s operations are funded by equity capital versus debt financing.  
The calculation method and the reconciliation with the figures included in the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements are described in Condition 8.3 (Definitions) and below.  
(in thousands EUR) 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2021 
Capital (“Capital”) 
97,256 
97,257 
Share premium account (“Prime 
d’émission”) 
- 
- 
Consolidated reserves (“Réserves 
consolidées”) 
392,519 
472,984 
Translation differences (“Ecarts 
de conversion”) 
2,147 
1,326 
Non-controlling 
interests 
(“Intérêts de tiers”) 
2,568 
11,352 
Establishment 
costs 
(“Frais 
d’établissement”) 
- 
- 
Intangible 
assets 
(“Immobilisations 
incorporelles”) 
582 
246 
Consolidation 
differences 
(“Ecarts de consolidation”) 
43,789 
43,789 
Adjusted Consolidated Equity 
450,119 
538,884 
(in thousands EUR) 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2021 
Non-current 
and 
current 
financial debts 
751,949 
866,690 
Cash and cash equivalents 
148,059 
273,377 
The pro rata share of the Issuer of 
the equivalent line items for its 
“joint ventures and associates” 
which are part of the section on 
“Investments in joint ventures 
and associates” 
197,913 
142,625 
Net Financial Debt 
801,803 
735,938

--- Page 111 ---
111 
On a semi-annual basis and for as long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will publish a certificate 
on its website, comprising the Adjusted Gearing Ratio as at the relevant Reference Date in accordance with 
Condition 8.2 (Publication of Adjusted Consolidated Equity, Adjusted Gearing Ratio and Adjusted 
Inventories/Net Financial Debt in respect of each Reference Date). 
Net Financial Debt to Adjusted Inventories 
The ratio Adjusted Inventories / Net Financial Debt measures the solvency of the Group. It measures to what 
extent the Group’s financial debt is covered by inventories which would allow the Group to repay its 
financial debt. 
The Adjusted Inventories / Net Financial Debt ratio (as defined in the Conditions) amounted to 1.76 as at 
31 December 2021 (compared to 1.61 at 31 December 2020). 
The Issuer’s Net Financial Debt (as defined in the Conditions) amounted to EUR 736 million as at 
31 December 2021 (compared to EUR 802 million at 31 December 2020).  
The Issuer’s Adjusted Inventories (as defined in the Conditions) amounted to EUR 1,293 million as at 
31 December 2021 (compared to EUR 1,291 million at 31 December 2020).  
The calculation method and the reconciliation with the figures included in the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements is described in Condition 8.3 (Definitions).  
(in thousands EUR) 
31/12/2020 
31/12/2021 
the “Inventories” in the Current 
Assets 
section 
(actifs 
circulants/vlottende activa) 
683,121 
698,623 
the “Investment Property” in the 
Non-Current 
Assets 
section 
(actifs immobilisés/vaste activa) 
197,149 
173,999 
the pro rata share of the Issuer of 
the 
“Inventories” 
and 
the 
“Investment Property” held by its 
“joint ventures and associates” 
which are part of the section on 
“Investments in joint ventures 
and associates” 
411,385 
420,019 
Adjusted Inventories 
1,291,655 
1,292,641 
For a reconciliation of Net Financial Debt, please refer to “Adjusted Gearing Ratio” above. 
On a semi-annual basis and for as long as any Note remains outstanding, the Issuer will publish a certificate 
on its website, comprising the Adjusted Inventories / Net Financial Debt Ratio as at the relevant Reference 
Date in accordance with Condition 8.2 (Publication of Adjusted Consolidated Equity, Adjusted Gearing 
Ratio and Adjusted Inventories/Net Financial Debt in respect of each Reference Date). 
4.
Organisational structure of the Issuer
Each project of the Group is in principle held by a separate legal entity whereby the Issuer is primarily the 
holding company, whereby the revenues are up-streamed. The same principle applies to the ‘project 
management’ companies in the various jurisdictions. These are directly or indirectly held by the Issuer.

--- Page 112 ---
112 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer has the following subsidiaries, participations in joint venture 
companies which are accounted for under the equity method and associates which are accounted for under 
the equity method: 
Subsidiaries – fully consolidated
Name 
Head office 
Group Interest (%) 
(economic interest) 
Beyaert SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Boiteux Residential SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
T’Park Development SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Brussels Holding SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
Bull’s Eye Property Lux SA 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Canal Développement S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg  
100.00 
Chambon SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Square des Héros SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Compagnie Immobilière de Wallonie (CIW) SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Compagnie Immobilière Luxembourgeoise SA 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Eden Tower Frankfurt GmbH 
Frankfurt 
100.00 
Empereur Froissart SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Entreprise et Gestion Immobilières (EGIMO) SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Espace Nivelles SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Flint Construct SA 
Brussels 
65.00 
Flint Land SA 
Brussels 
65.00 
Foncière Jennifer SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Foncière Montoyer SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Frounerbond Developpement S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Garden Point Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
100.00 
Gasperich Developpement S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Granaria Development Gdansk Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
90.00 
Granaria Development Gdansk Bis Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
90.00 
Hermes Brown II SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Hotel Granaria Development Sp. z.o.o.  
Warsaw 
90.00

--- Page 113 ---
113 
Ilot Saint Roch SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Immo Devaux I NV 
Brussels 
100.00 
Immo Devaux II NV 
Brussels 
100.00 
Immobel France Gestion s.à r.l.  
Paris  
100.00 
Immobel France SAS 
Paris 
100.00 
Immobel France Tertiaire SAS 
Paris 
100.00 
Immobel Germany GmbH  
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Germany S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel GP S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel Gutenberg Berlin 1 GmbH 
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Gutenberg Berlin 2 GmbH 
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Gutenberg Berlin 3 GmbH 
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Gutenberg Berlin 4 GmbH 
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Gutenberg Berlin Investment GmbH  
Cologne 
100.00 
Immobel Holdco Spain SL 
Madrid 
100.00 
Immobel Holding Luxembourg S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel Lux SA 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel PM Spain SL 
Madrid 
100.00 
Immobel Poland Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
100.00 
Immobel Project Management SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Immobel R.E.M. Fund S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel Real Estate Fund SC 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Immobel Urban Living SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Immo-Puyhoek SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
IMZ SA 
Brussels  
100.00 
Industrie 52 SRL 
Brussels 
76.84 
Infinito Holding SRL 
Brussels 
76.84 
Infinito SA 
Brussels  
76.84 
Infinity Living SA 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Lake Front SA 
Brussels 
100.00

--- Page 114 ---
114 
Lebeau Development SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Lebeau Sablon SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Les Jardins Du Nord SA 
Brussels 
96.20 
Lotinvest Development SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Michael Ostlund Property SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Milawey Investments Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
100.00 
Möbius Construct SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Montagne Residential SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Nennig Developpement S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
NP Showroom SNC 
Paris 
100.00 
North Public SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
North Living SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
North Student Housing SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
North Retail SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
North Offices SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
Office Fund Carry SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
Office Fund GP SRL 
Brussels 
100.00 
Okraglak Development Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
100.00 
Polvermillen S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Porcelynegoed SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Prince Royal Construct SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Quomago SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
SAS Paris Lannelongue 
Paris 
100.00 
SAS Rueil Colmar 
Paris 
100.00 
SAS Saint Antoine Cour Bérard 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV Buttes Chaumont 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV Immo Bougival 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV Immo Montevrain 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV Immo Tremblay 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Asnieres Sur Seine 1 
Paris 
100.00

--- Page 115 ---
115 
SCCV NP Aubergenville 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Aulnay Sous Bois 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Bezons 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Bezons 2 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Bois d’Arcy 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Bondoufle 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Bussy Saint Georges 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Chatenay-Malabry 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Chelles 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Chilly-Mazarin 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Croissy Sur Seine 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Croissy Sur Seine 2 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Croissy Sur Seine 3 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Croissy Sur Seine 4 
Paris 
46.00 
SCCV NP Dourdan 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Drancy 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Eaubonne 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Fontenay Aux Roses 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Franconville 1 
Paris  
90.00 
SCCV NP Gargenville 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Issy Les Moulineaux 1 
Paris 
85.00 
SCCV NP La Garenne-Colombes 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Le Plessis Trevise 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Le Vesinet 1 
Paris 
51.00 
SCCV NP Livry-Gargan 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Longpont-Sur-Orge 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Louveciennes 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Meudon 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Moissy-Cramayel 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Montesson 1 
Paris 
51.00

--- Page 116 ---
116 
SCCV NP Montlhery 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Monthlery 2 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Montmagny 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Neuilly-Sur-Marne 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Paris 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Paris 2 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Rambouillet 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Romainville 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Saint-Arnoult-En-Yvelines 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Saint Germain En Laye 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Saint Germain En Laye 2 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Vaujours 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Ville D’Avray 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Villejuif 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Villemomble 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SCCV NP Villepinte 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV NP Villiers-Sur-Marne 1 
Paris  
100.00 
SCCV SCI Combs Les Notes Florales 
Paris 
60.00 
SCCV SCI Le Cœur Des Remparts de Saint-Arnoult-en-
Yvelines 
Paris 
100.00 
SNC Hemacle 
Paris 
100.00 
SNC Immo MDB 
Paris 
100.00 
SSCV Immo Othis 1 
Paris 
100.00 
SSCV Immo Savigny sur Orge 1  
Paris 
100.00 
‘t Zout Construct SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Thomas SA 
Luxembourg 
100.00 
Vaartkom SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Val d’Or Construct SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Veldimmo SA 
Brussels 
100.00 
Vesalius Construct SA 
Brussels 
100.00

--- Page 117 ---
117 
Zielna Development Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
100.00 
Joint ventures – accounted for under the equity method 
Name 
Head office 
Group Interest (%) 
(economic interest) 
Bella Vita SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Boralina Investments SL 
Madrid 
50.00 
Brouckère Tower Invest SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
CBD International Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw 
50.00 
Château de Beggen SA 
Luxembourg 
50.00 
Cityzen Holding SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Cityzen Hotel SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Cityzen Residence SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Cityzen Office SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
CP Development Sp. z.o.o. 
Warsaw  
50.00 
CSM Development SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
CSM Properties SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Debrouckère Development SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Debrouckère Land SA 
Brussels  
50.00 
Debrouckère Leisure SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Debrouckère Office SA 
Brussels  
50.00 
Gateway SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Goodways NV 
Brussels 
50.00 
Ilot Ecluse SA 
Gilly 
50.00 
Immo PA 33 1 NV 
Brussels 
50.00 
Immo PA 44 1 NV 
Brussels 
50.00 
Immo PA 44 2 NV 
Brussels 
50.00 
Key West Development SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Les 2 Princes Development NV 
Brussels 
50.00 
Livingstone Retail S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
33.33

--- Page 118 ---
118 
M1 SA 
Strassen 
33.33 
M7 SA 
Strassen 
33.33 
Möbius II SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
ODD Construct SA 
Knokke-Heist 
50.00 
Oxy Living SRL 
Brussels 
50.00 
Plateau d’Erpent 
Namur 
50.00 
RAC 3 SA 
Antwerp 
40.00 
RAC 4 Development SA 
Brussels  
40.00 
RAC 4 SA 
Brussels 
40.00 
RAC 5 SA 
Antwerp 
40.00 
RAC 6 SA 
Brussels  
40.00 
SAS Bondy Canal 
Paris 
40.00 
SAS Trelamet 
Paris 
40.00 
SCCV NP Auber Re 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Auber Victor Hugo 
Paris 
50.12 
SCCV NP Aubervilliers 1 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Bessancourt 1 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Bessancourt 2 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Charenton-Le-Pont 1 
Paris  
50.98 
SCCV NP Creteil 1 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Epinay-Sur-Orge 1 
Paris  
50.10 
SCCV NP Vaires Sur Marne 1 
Paris 
50.10 
SCCV PA Villa Colomba 
Paris 
51.00 
Schoettermarial S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
50.00 
Surf Club Hospitality Group SL  
Madrid  
50.00 
Surf Club Marbella Beach SL  
Madrid  
50.00 
Unipark SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Universalis Park 2 SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Universalis Park 3 SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Universalis Park 3AB SA 
Brussels 
50.00

--- Page 119 ---
119 
Universalis Park 3C SA 
Brussels 
50.00 
Associates – accounted for under the equity method 
Name 
Head office 
Group Interest (%) 
(economic interest) 
Beiestack Holding S.à r.l. 
Luxembourg 
22.77 
Beiestack S.A. 
Luxembourg 
22.77 
Belux Office Development Feeder CV 
Brussels 
30.46 
DHR Clos du Château SA 
Brussels 
33.33 
Immobel Belux Office Development Fund SCSP 
Luxembourg 
22.61 
SCCV 73 Richelieu 
Paris 
10.00 
SCCV Montlhery Route d’Orleans 
Paris 
20.00 
SCCV 227 SH 
Paris 
10.00 
Urban Living Belgium Holding NV 
Antwerp 
60.00 
Urban Living Belgium NV 
Antwerp 
30.00 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the entities listed in the two tables entitled “Joint ventures – accounted 
for under the equity method” and “Associates – accounted for under the equity method” above qualify as 
“Excluded Entities” as defined in the Conditions. These Excluded Entities are accounted for under the equity 
method in the annual report of the Issuer. Please also refer to note 1 of the annual report of the Issuer for the 
year ended 31 December 2021 for segment information on the financial position of individual subsidiaries 
of the Group, including Excluded Entities.  
5.
Capital 
Share capital 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s share capital amounts to EUR 97,356,533.86 and is 
represented by 9,997,356 shares. All shares are ordinary shares and represent an equal portion of the Issuer’s 
share capital. All shares are fully paid and freely tradable, with equal voting rights and without nominal 
value. 
Major shareholders
Pursuant to the Belgian law of 2 May 2007 on the disclosure of major holdings in issuers whose shares are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market, any person or legal entity which owns or acquires (directly or 
indirectly) shares or other securities granting voting rights of the Issuer must disclose to the Issuer and the 
FSMA, the number of securities that such person owns, alone or jointly, when his or her voting rights amount 
to 5% or more of the total existing voting rights of the Issuer. Such person must make the same type of 
disclosure in case of transfer or acquisition of additional securities when his or her voting rights reach 5%, 
10% and so on by increments of 5% (or, as the case may be, the additional thresholds provided in the Issuer’s 
articles of association), or when the voting rights fall below one of these thresholds.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s articles of association provide for an additional threshold 
for disclosure of 3% of the voting rights (but no multiples of 3%). 
The table below provides an overview of the shareholders’ structure, based on the transparency declarations 
made and the information known to the Issuer as at 21 April 2022. Although the applicable transparency 
disclosure rules require that a disclosure be made by each person passing or falling under certain relevant 
thresholds, it is possible that the below information in relation to a shareholder is no longer up-to-date:  
Shareholders 
Voting rights 
% of total 
shares 
Number of shares issued 
by the Issuer 
9,997,356
100% 
A3 Capital NV (and a 
related company)(1)
5,898,644
59.00% 
Issuer (own shares) 
25,434
0.25% 
Total of known 
shareholders 
5,924,078
59.25% 
Free float 
4,073,278
40.74% 
(1) A³ Capital NV (and a related company) are controlled by Mr Marnix Galle. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are no special voting rights and, to the extent known by the 
Issuer, no shareholders’ agreements. 
6.
Strategy 
With its focus on high-quality real estate projects in major European cities, the Issuer aims to create attractive 
urban environments that meet clients’ expectations and the needs of today and tomorrow. With more than 
150 years of experience, the Issuer believes that it has the agility to invest and the drive to improve living 
and working environments. 
Vision 
The Issuer’s vision is to reinvent living and working environments and to help communities live well and 
sustainably.  
The Issuer’s vision is based on the conviction that space has a direct impact on people’s lives. Thanks to 
their diversity, public spaces, markets, cultural centres and alternative spaces can contribute to the quality 
and resilience of people-oriented cities. According to the Issuer, these places already are and, in future, will 
become increasingly valuable for the regions and all the people associated with them. 
Each region is also defined by its inhabitants, its companies, its culture, its heritage and its natural 
environment. The Issuer believes that, as is the case for an ecosystem, the diversity of a region is a key factor 
for the resilience of the collective. The Issuer intends to keep working with all of its stakeholders to 
implement the technical and economic conditions required to prepare the social and environmental transition 
of cities. For instance, for every project, the Issuer tries to start and strengthen a dialogue with the players 
concerned, at every level: from the territorial authorities to residents, from retailers to major companies.  
Mission 
The Issuer’s mission exists in creating high-quality, future-proof urban environments with a positive impact

--- Page 121 ---
121 
on the way people live, work and play.  
The Issuer wants to develop places that have a positive impact on the lives of people and communities. As a 
result, improving environmental objectives is at the heart of each project. Its real estate developments also 
aim to take into account the history and identity of the neighbourhoods in which they are located. By doing 
so, the Issuer intends to provide fulfilling living, working and recreational spaces which also have a low 
environmental impact. 
Strategy: A purpose driven real estate developer and investment manager 
The Issuer’s strategy exists in building the “cities of tomorrow”. Through both real estate developments and 
investments, the Issuer aims to build sustainable and high-quality urban environments on the European 
property market to meet the needs of the people who live, work and spend leisure time there.  
The Issuer develops major mixed-use urban projects. To this end, it relies on a variety of expertise within its 
staff. 
Its subsidiary, Immobel Capital Partners, focusses on creating investment strategies in the office and 
residential sectors has a substantial track record with a more than 150 years presence on the Belgian market. 
The Issuer’s intention is to create synergies between the Issuer and Immobel Capital Partners. 
Diversification 
The Issuer’s portfolio is diversified in terms of typology and geography. The Issuer is currently active in 
seven countries (i.e., Belgium, Luxembourg, France, Germany, Spain, Poland and United Kingdom) and 
acquires sites and buildings in city centres where it can (re)develop large mixed-use projects consisting 
mainly of residential and offices, combined with retail, student housing and hotels. The below figure provides 
an overview of the composition of the Group’s total project development portfolio as at 31 December 2021. 
Value creation 
The Issuer endeavours to create value through analysing in detail the market needs and requirements for each 
project. Depending on these results, the Issuer develops the project which it deems appropriate to maximise 
the value. Also, the Issuer is keen on developing sustainable projects with a high architectural identity. 
Long term approach 
The issuer maintains a long-term approach which involves constantly monitoring the profitability and timing 
of its projects on the basis of a five to seven year business plan. By doing this on a constant basis, the Issuer 
aims to acquire new opportunities for its development portfolio which respond to its goals in terms of timing 
and profit recognition and to its main goal to offer its shareholders a recurrent, stable but increasing dividend. 
ESG commitment  
The Issuer’s intention is for its projects to be healthy living places. The recent pandemic has underlined the

--- Page 122 ---
122 
importance of the ability of buildings to contribute to quality of life, to reduce environmental footprint and 
to actively contribute to the vitality of the region.  
The Issuer aims to take these concerns into account in its projects and to develop urban spaces that benefit 
both individual users and communities.  
The Issuer aims to implement this strategy in three ways on the level of each asset: through what it does for 
the users, for the local community, and for the environment.  
At group level, the Issuer focusses on collaborators and partners engagement, stakeholder dialogue and social 
sponsorship. 
In 2021, the Issuer has set-up a process to refine and rollout its sustainability engagements throughout the 
Group. These engagements are based on the definition of the most important UN Sustainable Development 
Goals (SDGs) which should guide the Issuer’s day-to-day business. To this end, the Issuer has identified 7 
goals, in particular those related to sustainable cities and communities, good health and wellbeing, as well 
as measures related to climate change. 
The Issuer considers these SDGs as the ones on which it can have a direct impact at assets level. In addition, 
at group level, the Issuer aspires to have a direct or indirect impact on SDGs 17, 5, 3, 9, 4. Please refer to 
pages 79-100 of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021 for more details on the 
SDGs set by the Issuer and on its “Creating Healthy Places Strategy”. 
Immobel BeLux Office Development Fund 
Through its investment funds, its joint ventures and its partnerships, the Issuer invests with third parties in 
real estate projects in major European cities. In doing so, the Issuer places an emphasis on sustainable 
development, aiming to create real estate assets and spaces that meet the expectations of its customers and 
the needs of today and tomorrow.  
At the end of 2020, the Issuer launched its real estate investment management services business, offering its 
development capabilities to third party investors, be it in asset-specific joint ventures in European cities or 
through regulated discretionary funds. The Immobel BeLux Office Development Fund raised over 
EUR 75 million from institutional investors and the Issuer acts as its investment advisor. Both the Total 
headquarters in Brussels and the Scorpio assets in Luxembourg serve as seed assets of the fund, with a view 
to developing and selling them once leased. This real estate investment management strategy is intended to 
accelerate the Issuer’s development in Europe, investing its balance sheet in more transactions, diversifying 
in project risks and finally to create an additional stable revenue line, further to its development project 
revenue resulting from its investment alongside investors.

--- Page 123 ---
123 
Immobel Capital Partners 
In the beginning of 2022, the Issuer announced the creation of Immobel Capital Partners, a new co-investing 
active manager across the UK and continental Europe. The intention is to group the Issuer’s investment 
management activities within Immobel Capital Partners. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Immobel 
Capital Partners is a 90% subsidiary of the Issuer. It (i) initiates the creation of new real estate investment 
funds registered in the United Kingdom which invest in various European countries and (ii) acts as 
investment advisor to these new funds, while also supporting the Issuer as investment advisor to the Immobel 
BeLux Office Development Fund. The first fund created by Immobel Capital Partners is Green Office Impact 
I LP. 
Accordingly, Immobel Capital Partners focusses on creating investment strategies in the office and 
residential sectors where the Issuer already holds a strong market position. It has a strong focus on those 
urban centres that provide the opportunity to create a new generation of sustainable and smart living and 
workplace environments close to Central Business Districts. 
On 31 May 2022, Green Office Impact I LP, a fund created by the Issuer as initial limited partner, acquired 
50% of the White Rose Park from OIRP Investment 10, part of Orion Capital Managers. White Rose is a 
28 acre (11 ha) green office campus situated just outside of the City of Leeds, United Kingdom, providing a 
lettable area of over 500,000 sqft (approximatively 46,500 sqm) across 9 buildings. The investment values 
the Park at circa GBP 110 million, representing a net initial yield of circa 6.75% and will be held in a 50-50 
Joint Venture with Munroe K. Additional investors are expected to accede as partners in the Green Office 
Impact I LP in the future. 
7.
Business overview  
History and development 
The Issuer is the largest listed Belgian real estate developer in terms of market capitalisation. Since its 
foundation in 1863, the Issuer, together with its subsidiaries, has developed and marketed innovative urban 
projects in response to the needs of cities and their inhabitants. 
The below table provides an overview of a number of key events in the lifecycle of the Issuer: 
Year 
Event 
1863 
– 
1977 
Set up of the Issuer in July 1863 by J.R. Bischoffsheim, H. de Brouckere 
and J. Malou, with the financial support of Société Générale, with the aim 
to responding to the urban and industrial challenges of the 19th century. 
1867 
1930 
1950 
– 
1980 
The Société Générale becomes the major shareholder, with, as its primary 
objective, the development of lands in Brussels first, then in the whole 
country. 
Development of 80ha of land around the Basilica of Koekelberg. 
Land banking activities make a significant contribution to the Issuer’s 
income.  
1977 
– 
2001 
Years of series of changes, with as a result a significant expansion of its 
spectrum of activities. 
1977 
Acquisition of Cy Jacques de Duve. 
1987 
Merger with Consortium Immobilier. The merger provides the group with 
a portfolio generating recurring revenues. 
1988 
Capital increase.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
Acquisition of Investimmo, which focusses on the real estate 
development and promotion of peripheral areas of land in Brussels and 
Flanders. 
1991 
Merger with the “Les Entreprises Louise DeWaele”, and the Group 
begins to work on office projects.  
Renovation of a historical heritage site, the Place des Martyrs 
neighborhood in Brussels. 
Tractebel Group (Suez) becomes the reference shareholder. 
1992 
The Issuer co-develops the European Parliament of Brussels. 
1998 
Creation of sicafi Cibix, being the third largest in Belgium, which merged 
with Befimmo in 2001. 
2001 
Turning point in the Issuer’s history with disinvestment and refocussing 
of its activities. 
Debt reduction, assets sale, refocussing on core promotion and real estate 
development. 
2007 
As from mid-2007, reorganisation and new start. 
New reference shareholder as JER partners bought the participation of 
Suez-Tractebel. 
New chairman, new board, new managing director. 
Complete reshuffling of the Issuer and the team. 
2010 
As from September 2010, new development phase. 
New reference shareholder: Eastbridge Group (through its vehicle 
Cresida Investment S.à r.l.) which bought the participation of JER 
Partners in September 2010. 
The first projects in Poland are launched.  
2011 
Development of a second home market in Poland with the purchase of 
two projects (of which one is situated in Warsaw and one in Poznan). 
2014 
Allfin Group Comm.VA becomes the main shareholder of the Issuer with 
29.85% of the shares.  
2015 
Marnix Galle becomes Executive Chairman. 
2016 
Merger with its main shareholder Allfin Group Comm.VA and the Issuer 
becomes the largest listed property developer in Belgium. 
2017 
Development on the French market with the acquisition of part of 
Nafilyan & Partners SAS. 
2018 
Acquisition of 30% of Urban Living Group NV. 
Start of exclusive talks with Four Seasons to develop a resort in Marbella, 
Spain. 
Acquisition of Eden in Frankfurt, the Issuer’s first project in Germany.  
The Issuer intensifies its European presence and begins to focus on the 
French residential and office market.  
The Issuer creates the Immobel Social Fund and supports organisations 
active in the fields of health, culture and social integration.  
2019 
The Issuer joins Euronext’s Bel Mid index.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
Full acquisition of Nafilyan & Partners SAS in France. 
Incorporation Immobel Germany GmbH. 
2020 
The Issuer adopts the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals 
(SDGs). 
2021 
Immobel Capital Partners is founded, a new co-investing active manager 
across the UK and continental Europe. 
For a complete overview of the portfolio, please consult the following page of the Issuer’s website: 
https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/real-estate-projects. The information set out on this website is not 
incorporated in, and does not form part of, this Base Prospectus. 
Principal activities 
The Issuer’s principal activity is the development of large real estate projects in the office, residential, 
landbanking (Immobel Home) and leisure real estate segments. 
The Issuer is a developer who understands its activities. Given its expertise and know-how in the central 
aspects of the market – residential, offices, and Immobel Home (landbanking in Belgium) – the Issuer offers 
an exhaustive approach (due to its expertise in various aspects of the business, including market 
development, acquisition, conceptualisation, permits, construction, commercialisation, ESG, legal, 
marketing, finance…). 
Prior to securing a project and in order to mitigate its financial exposure and risks, the Issuer does a 
comprehensive due diligence on all relevant matters, including zoning, title and environment. In doing so, 
the Issuer relies mostly on external and specialised counsels. 
Offices 
The Issuer focusses on projects of various sizes. The key determining factor regarding potential investments 
is the location of the projects. The Brussels, Luxembourg and Paris office markets have been the main 
markets for project development of the Issuer to this day. The Issuer has furthermore expanded its operations 
in Germany where it invested in a number of project development opportunities. In the past the Issuer has 
also developed projects in Poland and Budapest. 
Residential 
Approximatively, the residential development activity represents 70% of the Issuer’s projects pipeline. The 
key parameters for investment are the attractive location, environmental features and state of the art design 
of the projects. 
Immobel Home (landbanking in Belgium)
The Issuer develops projects located in the immediate suburbs of large cities, well connected by public 
transport or a motorway. The sites are mostly located in residential zones which could be developed and for 
which the potential sales price should be at sufficient levels in order to invest in roads and infrastructure. 
Leisure
In addition to the leisure activities included in larger inner city mixed-use developments, the Issuer has, as 
at the date of the Base Prospectus, a large-scale leisure project in design stage in Spain. In 2021, the urban 
planning permission of the project was approved. 
The Issuer will develop the project close to the old town of Marbella, it will consist in a five-star hotel, a 
number of private residences (marketed under the luxury hotel brand Four Seasons), condominiums and

--- Page 126 ---
126 
villas. Apart from its location next to the beach, residents will benefit from direct access to two beach clubs, 
various shops and restaurants. The complex is designed by world class architect and artist Richard Meier.  
Market description 
The market overview below describes the geographical and real estate market segments in which the Issuer 
is present and provides an update on the current market circumstances. 
Belgium
Office market7
Brussels 
Office take-up in Brussels in 2021 recorded 492,000 sqm, increasing by roughly 75% over the year before. 
Taking the office activity of the last two years together balances out to the 10-year average, as the Brussels 
market seeks to stabilise. Vacancy drifted upwards to 8.1%, but grade A space continues to be in short supply 
given occupier demands. The short-term pipeline of available space is limited, and prime rents are supported 
and stable.  
Regions 
The regional office market has shown consistency in take-up in recent years, recording 296,800 sqm of 
letting and sales activity in 2021. Whereas Walloon markets carried the market in 2020, Flemish markets 
rebounded in 2021 with 258,000 sqm of take-up, driven by diverse occupiers across all geographic markets 
including Antwerp, Ghent, Mechelen, Kortrijk and Hasselt. The regional office take-up of 2021 increased 
with 10.3% compared to the take-up of 2020. Walloon markets were quieter at 39,000 sqm of take-up and 
more reliant on the public sector. Antwerp recorded the highest regional take-up of 103,100 sqm followed 
by Ghent at 58,200 sqm. Regional markets are also facing a limited short-term pipeline. 
Demand 
Combined take-up for Belgium as a whole was 789,000 sqm in 2021, showing a clear increase from 2020’s 
592,000 sqm. In Brussels, 60% of take-up volume was accounted for by the private sector, with a relatively 
even balance between small (<2,000 sqm) and large deals (>2,000 sqm). Proximus secured the largest 
private-sector deal of the year, signing for 37,486 sqm in the Boreal tower, while the Belgian State acquired 
the remaining Möbius tower (34,000 sqm) – both in the North district. 
In the regional markets, demand was driven by corporates, as the public sector was quieter compared to the 
three years before. Larger corporates (>2,000 sqm) were more active after waiting for opportunities or 
securing temporary solutions during the height of the pandemic. 
Vacancy 
The vacancy rate for the Brussels market in 2021 was 8.1%, which is an increase from last year’s 7.6%. 
Vacant space is equivalent to just over 1 million sqm, largely in older stock. Overall, vacancy is tight in the 
central business district (“CBD”) at just 4.7%. Moving outwards, vacancy is 9.5% in the Decentralised 
markets and just under 20% in the Brussels periphery. In the regional markets, there is a persistent lack of 
qualitative and sustainable office space in cities such as Namur, Liège and even Antwerp despite the higher 
vacancy in obsolescent stock in these cities. The redevelopment of this obsolete stock into qualitative spaces 
might reduce the current vacancy. The Brussels’ decentralised office zone, between the main office areas of 
Brussels and the periphery, is shown on the below map: 
7 
Source: CBRE.

--- Page 127 ---
127 
New office developments
Brussels new office development completions totalled 265,600 sqm in 2021. The Brussels development 
pipeline through 2022 is estimated at 260,000 sqm, though just 48,000 sqm is still available for lease. This 
is less than an average quarter’s worth of take-up. The largest projects anticipated for a 2022 completion are 
found in the City Centre market. Development in major regional markets is limited in 2022. Major plans are 
in place for longer-term city revitalisation efforts in some Walloon markets such as Charleroi that should 
refresh quality stock over time.
Rent
Prime rent in the Brussels market remained at EUR 315/sqm/year in 2021 and was achieved in the Leopold 
District. Prime rates for other subareas in Brussels continue at EUR 280/sqm/year in the North district and 
EUR 275/sqm/year in the City Centre market. New developments are putting upward pressure on prime rents 
in the Decentralised and Peripheral markets of Brussels. Antwerp and Ghent see prime rents even at 
EUR 170/sqm/year following growth in the latter market. The largest Walloon markets see prime rents just 
off of these record highs at EUR 160/sqm/year to 165/sqm/year. 
Investment 
A surge of deal closings in the final quarter of the year brought the annual investment total to EUR 4 billion. 
Though down from the year before, it is above the 10-year average. Of the total amount, Brussels offices 
accounted for EUR 2.01 billion, or 50.3%. Foreign investors made up a smaller share of invested capital, as 
due diligence was hindered by pandemic travel restrictions. Overall, prime office yield for standard leases is 
estimated at 3.5% following competitive bidding on prime assets in the CBD. Prime investment yield for 
long-term secured offices is estimated at 3.0%. 
Residential market8
Brussels
With a population of 1.22 million as of 1 January 2021, the nation’s capital has a well-supported residential 
market. Prices in the Brussels Region have been steadily increasing. From 2010 to H1 2021, median 
apartment transaction prices have increased 49%. Demographic changes, a steadily growing economy and 
low interest rates have helped support this rise. 
Like sale prices, rents too have been increasing in the Brussels Region over the long-term, but at a slower 
pace, pushing down yields. The diversity in housing has also been growing from service flats to co-living to 
student housing, filling niche markets. New apartment developments can be commercialised as high as 
EUR 6,000/sqm with luxury units even higher.
8 
Sources: SPF Economy, IBSA, CBRE, Federal Planning Bureau.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
Population 
Belgium counts a population of 11.521 million as of 1 January 2021. This is a 0.25% increase over the 
previous year and follows a trend of steadily increasing population averaging 0.51% annually over the last 
decade. Brussels Region has been the fastest growing of the three Belgian Regions, averaging 0.87% growth 
annually versus 0.57% in Flanders and 0.34% in Wallonia over the last decade.  
Belgium counts 5.025 million private households, as of 1 January 2021. The number of private households 
has been growing at about 0.67% annually, or 32,135 households, over the last decade. That yields an average 
household size of roughly 2.3 people per household. This has been declining over time as the number of 
single households grows. Single households now make up 35.3% of total private households, up from 33.8% 
since 2011.  
In 2021, the Federal Planning Bureau forecast demographic trends. By 2030 the population is projected to 
increase by 3.3%. Those 65 years and older are overrepresented in this growth compared to the previous 
decade. Household creation is also forecast, with single households notably increasing.  
Housing stock  
Belgium counts 5.632 million residences as of 1 January 2021. In the last year, the number of residences 
increased by 55,517 units. This is a smaller number of completions compared to the previous two years, with 
the pandemic likely having an effect. Overall, residential development has been increasing over the long-
term. Brussels Region and Flanders saw the highest increase in development activity, and new development 
is dominated by apartments. This can often be at the expense of traditional houses, as available space 
becomes scarce, particularly in urban settings. In Brussels, 7,657 new apartments were completed through 
2021. 
Real Estate Prices 
Median housing prices in Belgium have followed a stable upward trend. In 2021, house prices continued to 
climb to a median transaction price of EUR 258,000 in the first half of 2021, which is the highest value 
achieved to date, and a 5.3% increase just from the end of 2020. The median price for apartments increased 
5.4% over this period to EUR 215,000 in the first half of 2021. The Brussels Region is the most expensive 
region, where median prices for houses and apartments were EUR 450,000 and EUR 239,000, respectively, 
in H1 2021. Antwerp prices were EUR 205,000, while Ghent apartment prices were more expensive at 
EUR 275,000. In Wallonia over the same period, median apartment prices were EUR 145,000 in Liège and 
EUR 165,000 in Namur. 
New builds 
New residential development is ongoing, with apartments built to a high standard and an overall more 
compact footprint compared with older units. Exit prices for typical new apartments in Brussels range from 
EUR 2,500/sqm in the western side of the region to EUR 6,000/sqm in the city centre and Louise corridor, 
with luxury projects even higher. In Antwerp, average market exit values are EUR 4,100/sqm and in Ghent 
they are higher at EUR 4,500/sqm. Walloon markets are more affordable on average, ranging from 
EUR 2,200/sqm in Mons to EUR 2,900/sqm in Wavre. 
Landbanking / Immobel Home9
Housing stock 
The Belgian housing stock divided by Region is 58% in Flanders, 32% in Wallonia, and 10% in Brussels. 
Given the size and density of the regions, the proportion of apartments relative to the stock is 28% in 
9 
Sources: SPF Economy, IBSA, CBRE, Federal Planning Bureau

--- Page 129 ---
129 
Flanders, 17% in Wallonia, and 57% in Brussels. The proportion of apartments in the total Belgian housing 
stock has increased from 19% in 2001 to 27% in 2021, to some extent at the expense of attached homes. 
Building permits 
Through the first 10 months of 2021, there were 48,821 residential permits issued in Belgium. This is up 
7.2% over the same period the year before. For the three Regions over this period, Flanders issued 37,409 
permits (an increase of 5% against the same period in 2020), Wallonia issued 10,787 permits (an increase of 
16.1% against the same period in 2020) and Brussels issued 625 permits (an decrease of 2.8% against the 
same period in 2020). 
Land values 
Few vacant, buildable plots remain in Brussels. As a result, developments typically involve the 
demolition/conversion of existing buildings to an alternative use such as residential. The last decade has seen 
a trend of conversion of older, obsolescent offices and buildings to alternative, mostly residential uses. Sales 
and sale prices of properties with permits are on the rise. Incidences for land can be upwards of 
EUR 2,600/sqm for the best locations in central markets. For other submarkets, such as decentralised areas, 
this is closer to EUR 1,000/sqm.  
Luxembourg
Office market10
Luxembourg City 
Luxembourg City faced good demand but limited availabilities in 2021. Major central districts (CBD, 
Kirchberg, Station, Cloche d’Or) are facing vacancies of less than 3%. Take-up, then, is more reliant on pre-
letting new projects.  
Activity in projects and new building drove a record year of office take-up in Luxembourg City – namely 
the 127,000 sqm new build of the European Parliament in Kirchberg. BGL BNP Paribas pre-let 18,000 sqm, 
also in Kirchberg. Station also experienced increased activity, recording almost 10% more take-up volume 
year-over-year from the Post Luxembourg acquisition of their new HQ (27,700 sqm) and the OPOCE pre-
letting of Mercier (18,000 sqm).  
Market dynamics supported the stability of prime rents through the year. 
Periphery 
Activity in the periphery was more moderate in 2021. While the number of deals increased by 25% year-
over-year, total volume decreased by the same amount. Still, large deals closed, including three deals of more 
than 10,000 sqm. These were a bank pre-letting 17,303 sqm in Esh/Belval, the Red Cross pre-letting 13,400 
sqm in Howald and Union Investment letting 10,759 sqm in the Airport market.  
Vacancy was also mixed following two large vacancies in Leudelange and Howald, the former being the 
result of a new completion with available space. Despite that, the continuation of quality projects and general 
market stability has seen upward pressure for some prime properties. 
Demand 
Office demand in the form of take-up had a record year of 369,505 sqm in 2021. This is an increase of more 
than 7% over an active 2020. Even net of the European Parliament’s deal, the volume was close to the ten-
year average for the market. The European institutions were responsible for 149,445 sqm (40%) of take-up 
volume and more than doubling their contribution from the year before. This helped make-up for the lower 
10 Source: CBRE.

--- Page 130 ---
130 
activity from the Luxembourg public sector. The banking, finance and insurance (BFI) sector increased year-
over-year to 92,913 sqm from previously mentioned deals. Services remained steady in 2021 after securing 
an additional 56,527 sqm.  
Vacancy 
Approximately 177,000 sqm of office space was considered vacant in Q4 2021 out of a total stock of 4.593 
million sqm, putting the vacancy rate at a low 3.9% at the end of the year. City districts remain tight: vacancy 
is at or less than 2% in the CBD, Kirchberg and the Station districts. Outside of Luxembourg, Airport, 
Bertrange and Strassen all noted decreases in vacancy from the previous year 2020. The growing Esch/Belval 
market has noted a steep decline in availabilities to less than 3% as at 31 December 2021. 
Development 
Completions picked up in 2021 to 198,000 sqm (from approximately 90,000 sqm in 2020), though the 
European Parliament KAD2 building was almost two-thirds of this. Overall, just 27,460 sqm of new space 
was available at the time of completion. The largest was the Buzz City (16,000 sqm) office in Leudelange.  
Rent 
The letting market and supply and demand dynamics are such that rental values are well-supported. Given 
the current market environment, prime rents in Luxembourg are stable at EUR 52/sqm/month in the CBD 
(excluding VAT). Prime rents are also stable in other major markets such as Cloche d'Or EUR 35/sqm/month 
(excluding VAT) and Station at 38 EUR/sqm/month (excluding VAT) and Kirchberg at EUR 42/sqm/month 
(excluding VAT). 
Investment 
Construction and real estate (CRE) investment in Luxembourg totalled EUR 1.578 billion in 2021, which is 
almost identical to the year before. Approximately one-fifth of this capital originated within Luxembourg, 
though Belgian investors were the most prominent sources of capital in 2021. Five deals closed for more 
than EUR 100 million, primarily driven by office investment.  
The Cloche d’Or district continued an active year with EUR 523 million of investment in 2021. Next door, 
the small market of Howald saw EUR 363 million of investment which is even more than the established 
Kirchberg district.  
Residential market11
Population 
As of 1 January 2021, the population of Luxembourg counted 634,730. Growth moderated against its ten-
year average but still recorded 1.38% year-over-year. The foreign population is 47.2% of the Luxembourg 
population and fell slightly year-over-year.  
Market overview  
The Luxembourg residential market continued to see increasing prices supported by high population growth, 
a robust economy, and an accommodative environment including continued low interest rates. Supply 
struggles to keep pace with the expanding population, though, pushing up prices and more moderate earners 
to the periphery of the city. Average apartment prices in Q3 2021 were EUR 651,875, which is an 11.8% 
increase year-on-year. In relative terms this is EUR 8,166/sqm. Growth has been led by existing apartment 
sales (an increase of 15.5% year-on-year) over new construction (an increase of 6.2% year-on-year). The 
11 Sources: Statec, LISER, Observatoire de l’Habitat, AtHome.

--- Page 131 ---
131 
number of transactions picked up in the course of 2021 (Q4 2020-Q3 2021 vs Q1 2020-Q4 2020) as travel 
has become easier and restrictions have eased. Rents have seen more moderate appreciation versus prices.  
Luxembourg City  
Luxembourg City grew 1.8% to a population of 124,509 as of 1 January 2021. Demand for residential 
properties is high, supported by the strong population growth, being the centre of the Duchy’s economy, and 
continued low interest rates. Average transaction prices for existing apartments are EUR 10,900/sqm, up 
approximately EUR 1,000/sqm (10%) from 2020. The highest tier of apartments can be over 
EUR 14,000/sqm. New build apartments average EUR 11,500/sqm, with the highest tier achieving 
EUR 16,000/sqm.  
Regions 
As the city becomes expensive and crowded, people are increasingly looking towards decentralised and 
peripheral areas for more accommodating values. Luxury developments are underway for those still wanting 
comfort, though prices of EUR 5,500 to EUR 8,500/sqm are still commonplace. New projects can 
commercialise for prices more than EUR 8,000/sqm. 
Leasing 
New lease regulations are still being debated in parliament for more than a year with no final result. The goal 
of such legislation is to strengthen tenants’ rights, particularly for the lower - and middle - income earners 
who are most financially burdened by the high residential costs.  
Rental evolution is mixed but generally up. For the year leading to Q2 2021, the average asked rent in 
Luxembourg was EUR 1,519/month, or EUR 31.4/sqm/month. This was a decrease from the year before on 
a nominal basis, but an increase on a relative basis. Luxembourg City has the highest relative asking rents at 
36.3 EUR/sqm/month, followed by Leudelange (EUR 36.0/sqm/month) and Mamer (EUR 35.5/sqm/month).  
New builds 
In 2021, recent new build apartment transaction prices in Luxembourg have moderated recently to 
EUR 662,914 or EUR 8,011/sqm for Q3 2021, partly as a result of increased sales in the Luxembourg 
periphery and elsewhere. These prices are on average about 2% higher than existing units, narrowing from 
15% from the year before. Considering deals from the last four quarters to be more resilient to outliers, the 
gap widens to 8%.  
Just Strassen and Bertrange record new build apartment prices higher than Luxembourg City (Q4 2020 -Q3 
2021). These are EUR 12,874/sqm and EUR 12,393/sqm, respectively, to Luxembourg City’s 
EUR 12,206/sqm.  
22% more residential building permits were issued in the first nine months of 2021 compared to a similar 
period the year before, standing at 4,621. Multi -unit residential developments drove this higher, while the 
number of single -family units was relatively unchanged. The greater permit activity was concentrated in 
Luxembourg City, increasing by 40% to 1,234. PAPs and general development schemes are moving forward 
after decreased activity in 2020. The Cantons of the Centre and South increased by 23% to 2,271 residential 
permits.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
Poland
Office market12
Warsaw 
The Warsaw office market is by far the largest in Poland, accounting for half of the office stock in the country 
at 6.15 million sqm. Through 2021, an additional 314,800 sqm of new office space was added to the market. 
At the end of 2021, an additional 503,000 sqm as identified as under construction with completion anticipated 
for the period 2022-2024, mostly concentrated in the Warsaw CBD.  
Occupier activity in Warsaw is dominated by financial, business service and tech companies. However, the 
pandemic has weighed on activity in 2020 and 2021, with office demand in Warsaw totalling 385,348 sqm 
and 366,322 sqm, respectively.  
At the end of 2021, 778,419 sqm of space was immediately available, translating into a vacancy rate of 
12.66% for the Warsaw market, which is up from 9.87% a year earlier.  
Headline rents have remained stable. Prime rents for the best office space in the Warsaw CBD are estimated 
at EUR 25/sqm/month, while those outside of the CBD are at EUR 16/sqm/month. Given the current market 
environment, landlords have become more flexible in their leasing approach by offering more favourable 
letting conditions and incentive packages like fit-out contributions. 
Regional office market 
In 2021, the regional Polish office markets continued to develop and offer attractive new space. Outside of 
Warsaw, the 7 largest office cities in Poland are Katowice, Krakow, Lublin, Poznan, Szczecin, Tricity and 
Wrocla, and offer some 5.37 million sqm of office space.  
Demand for office space been hindered by the pandemic, with most markets below average in terms of annual 
take-up numbers. As at the end of September 2021, 12-month take-up in the regional cities amounted to 
299,874 sqm as compared to 357,158 sqm for the same period in 2020 and 411,463 sqm in 2019. 
Vacancy in regional markets drifted upward through Q3 2021 to 13.2%, which is the highest since 2010. 
Landlords of new buildings and those presently under construction are offering fit-out contributions while 
maintaining headline rents.  
More generally, prime rents have held up well. Office rents in Warsaw are sharpening and the headline prime 
rent was EUR 25.50/sqm/month as at 31 December 2021, trending upwards due to a growing supply gap in 
prime office space. In addition, incentive packages, so far on the rise, are currently under a downward 
pressure which is likely to continue, resulting in effective rents’ growth. Only Katowice noted a small 
decrease, with prime rents as at 31 December 2021 at EUR 166.20/sqm/year. All other regional markets were 
stable or registered marginal increases, with Krakow and Wroclaw both now at EUR 180/sqm/year and 
Poznan at EUR 186/sqm/year. 
Investment 
Poland is one of the major investment markets in Central Europe.  
2021 commercial real estate investment in Poland totalled EUR 5.7 billion, which is a 7.1% increase in 
volume from the previous year. This transaction volume refers to all asset classes of commercial real estate, 
of which offices account for 29% (or EUR 1.7 billion). Below the investment volumes of 2018 (EUR 7.2 
billion) and 2019 (EUR 7.7 billion), 2021 is now the third highest investment volume on record. EUR 1.35 
12 Source: CBRE.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
billion was invested in Warsaw, or about 23.8% of the total Polish investment volume and down from 31.5% 
in 2018, 38.0% in 2019 and 28.3% in 2020. Regional markets are now attracting more investment volume.  
Poland remains the most liquid property investment market in Central and Eastern Europe. Out of a total 
investment volume of EUR 16.7 billion, 34% was invested in Poland in 2021.  
Office assets have experienced a repricing in 2020 and 2021. Prime investment yield for CBD assets in 
Warsaw increased from 4.25% to 4.65% in 2020 but compressed again to 4.50% as of the end of 2021. 
Regional office markets have seen similar repricing in the last two years, with local prime yields ranging 
from 5.50% in Wroclav to 7.30% in Katowice, Lublin and Szczecin. 
Residential market13
Poland market  
The Polish housing market posted broadly positive figures in 2021 despite the complications from the 
pandemic and limited population growth. On average, residential prices increased by 7.2% per annum to 
PLN 5,347/sqm in Q3 2021.  
According to preliminary data, 234,700 new dwellings were completed in 2021, increasing by 6.3% from a 
year before. Of this amount, developers completed 141,700 dwellings, a decrease of 0.7% as compared to 
2020. On average, the net useable floor area of a dwelling was 92.9 sqm in 2021. In 2021, permits and 
registrations have been granted for the construction of 340,600 dwellings, an increase of 23.3% over 2020. 
Permits for construction of the biggest number of dwellings were given to developers (213,000 units) and to 
private investors (123, 200 units). 
Local prices 
The average sales price for a new residential unit in Warsaw was PLN 10,992/sqm in Q3 2021, which was 
7.95% up from a year earlier. Second-hand residential units in Warsaw increased to PLN 10,905/sqm for that 
same period, up 4.15% in a year. Asked prices for new space tends to be 3.76% higher than actual transaction 
prices.  
In Gdansk, transaction prices on new housing units rose by 11.29% in 2021, to PLN 10,043/sqm. Asked 
prices for new space here tends to be 2.66% higher than actual transaction prices.  
The strongest year-on-year rise in actual residential transaction prices were registered in Gdynia (an increase 
of 21.81%), Katowice (an increase of 21.14%), Szczecin (an increase of 22.61%) and Zielona Góra (an 
increase of 18.27%). 
France
Residential market14
Population 
On 1 January 2021, France counted a population of 67.4 million inhabitants. This represents an increase of 
0.18% from the previous year and a moderation of the pace of growth that averaged 0.37% annually over 
the last decade. The French population grew by 119,400 inhabitants, of which 67,400 were natural growth 
and 52,000 were net migration.  
13 Sources: National Bank of Poland, Central Statistics Poland, CBRE, Eurostat. 
14 Sources: CBRE, Eurostat, INSEE, BTSLC, SDES.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
Supply 
On 1 January 2021, the French housing stock counted 37.2 million housing units. In mainland France, 81.8% 
of housing units were main residences, 9.9% were secondary/occasional accommodation, and 8.3% were 
vacant. Of the total residential stock, 55% were individual housing units and 45% were collective units. The 
stock for collective housing has been expanding at a faster rate compared to individual housing units, and 
this gap is widening. For the period 2016-2021, this was 0.6% annually for individual housing and 1.3% 
annually for collective housing.  
Regarding the capital (unité urbaine de Paris), there were 4.758 million primary residences, or 16% of the 
French stock. Vacancy is more moderate in Paris (6.9%) than in metropolitan areas of more than 100,000 
people (7.6%) and less than 100,000 (8.75%).  
Prices 
In the third quarter of 2021, the increase in prices of second-hand houses in France continued: +2.0% 
compared to the second quarter, after +1.9% and +1.2% in the previous quarters. Over a year, the acceleration 
in prices continues at +7.4%. Since the fourth quarter of 2020, the increase has been more marked for houses 
(+9.0% in one year in the third quarter of 2021) than for flats (+5.2%), which had not occurred since the end 
of 2016.  
Over the year 2021, house prices are accelerating (+7.1%, after +6.1% in the previous quarter). Prices for 
older homes are rising faster (+7.4% year-on-year) than those for new homes (+4.7%). 
Transactions 
In the third quarter of 2021, the annual volume of transactions increased again: in September, the number of 
transactions carried out over the last twelve months is estimated at 1,204,000, after 1,156,000 at the end of 
June. The annual volume of transactions has been on the rise since the fourth quarter of 2020, after a decline 
between the end of 2019 and the third quarter of 2020. 
Rents 
Rent has been increasing in France for several years. In September 2021, average French rent reached 
EUR 15/sqm, including charges, according to the Seloger barometer. In 2021, rents in France continued to 
rise more than in 2020, by 3.4% compared to 2020. At Q2 2021, the reference rent index increased by 0.42% 
year-on-year.  
Significant regional disparities are hidden behind these figures. Rents remain highest in Paris, averaging 
EUR 28.35/sqm per month before charges in March 2021, according to Vanport. However, they stabilised 
over the course of the year 2021 due to limitations on rent revisions following a subdued increase of the 
Housing Rent Reference Index calculated by the INSEE (Institut national de la statistique et des études 
économiques), which was still a consequence of the general economic slowdown caused by Covid-19 in 
2020. In most large cities such as Tours, Lyon and Metz, rents have remained stable. On the other hand, rents 
have increased significantly in Rouen, Nantes (+4%) and Bordeaux (+7%). 
New builds 
Although the market remains sluggish since the beginning of the year 2021, Q3 2021 was marked by a 
rebound in construction activity. In August 2021, 453,000 housing units were authorised, and construction 
began on 386,000 housing units (over 12 months). For the first time since the beginning of the pandemic, 
start of construction works and building permits are experiencing a positive change. This is especially the 
case in the regional markets, but residential construction activity decreased in the Paris Region (-4.4%).

--- Page 135 ---
135 
Office market15
Paris region  
The Parisian office market is one of the most vibrant in Europe. Counting 59.65 million sqm at the end of 
2021, the stock expanded by 742,608 sqm over the year or 1.26%.  
Demand for office space in the Paris region reached 1.85 million sqm in 2021, which was an increase of 32% 
compared to 2020. The fourth quarter of 2021 was particularly dynamic with 631,000 sqm of space secured 
in the Paris Region, confirming the recovery seen in previous quarters. However, the market has been 
particularly active in a few well-defined size intervals and geographical sectors, with transactions above 
1,000 sqm rebounding rapidly since the beginning of the year and strong activity in Paris Centre Ouest and 
La Defense.  
In the segment of large transactions, activity remained timid in the first part of the year 2021, but the fourth 
quarter was particularly good. In total, 56 transactions of 5,000 sqm were recorded in 2021, including 20 in 
the fourth quarter alone. This market generally reacts more slowly to economic and real estate cycles, but 
the results at the end of the year suggests renewed confidence of large companies.  
After increasing throughout 2020 and early 2021, the volume of immediate supply has broadly levelled out 
in the second half of 2021, reaching 4 million sqm as at 31 December 2021, or a vacancy rate of 6.8%. The 
geographical evolution of supply diverges with a further fall in Paris intra-muros, and an increase for the rest 
of the Ile-de-France. The vacancy rate in Paris Centre Quest stands at 3.5% as at 31 December 2021.  
The compression of supply in Paris is putting upward pressure on rents. The average prime rent in Paris has 
reached EUR 907/sqm/year in 2021, with the highest rent standing at EUR 930/sqm/year (in 2020, average 
prime rent amounted to EUR 900/sqm/year, with highest rents at EUR 920/sqm/year and in 2019, average 
prime rent amounted to EUR 855/sqm/year, with highest rents at EUR 890/sqm/year). Rental values are also 
on the rise for second-hand space. In the suburbs, the trends are more nuanced. The average prime rent in La 
Defense has reached EUR 550/sqm (excluding VAT) and EUR 510 in the Western Crescent, up by 10% and 
19% over one year respectively. While prime supply is under pressure in these submarkets due to its location 
and intrinsic quality, this is less so the case in most other markets, where supply is greater and increasing, 
leading to a stabilisation or even a fall in rents. 
Regional office Market  
While Paris remains the favoured destination, regional markets offer substantial space at lower rental values. 
The markets of Lyon, Lille, Toulouse, Marseille, and Bordeaux count a combined 22.5 million sqm, with 
Lyon being the largest regional office market at 6.84 million sqm.  
Regional markets rebounded strongly in 2021, after experiencing a significant drop of 44% in office demand 
in 2020. From 642,804 sqm in 2020, regional take-up for offices increased again in 2021 to 954,695 sqm 
(+49%). Most regional markets saw prime rents for office space increase, with Lyon prime office space 
trading at EUR 340/sqm/year (+4.6%) in 2021. Prime office rents in Marseille increased to 
EUR 320/sqm/year.  
The vacancy rate evolution has been more mixed in regional markets, with Lyon vacancies up to 4.92% of 
total stock whole Lyon voids decreased to 3.37%. 
15 Source: CBRE.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
Property Investment in France16
After several years of continuous growth and a record high in 2019, the commercial property investment 
market has been strongly affected by the health crisis in 2020 and 2021. In a volatile economic environment, 
the still uncertain impact of new working and consumption patterns on real estate demand has weighed on 
office and retail volumes, with travel restrictions also making it difficult for some transactions to materialise.  
Two sectors, that have shown strength in 2021, are the industrial & logistics and residential markets. Investor 
demand for industrial & logistics has been fuelled by the strong growth in e-commerce and the importance 
of optimising the supply chain.  
In the residential sector, investment volumes continue to rise, with a record reached in 2021. The strong 
performance of the residential market is being driven by managed student and senior residences and co-
living. In geographical terms, due to the development of teleworking, and even a dual residence approach, 
medium-sized towns, close to large cities, are now being scoured by investors.  
As at 31 December 2021, offices traded at prime yields of 2.60% in the Paris CBD and the Paris Centre West, 
down from 2.75% in 2020. Yield compression was strongest in logistics (and semi-industrial space), with 
prime logistics space now trading at yields of 3.25%.  
At just 2.10% in Paris and 2.90% in Lyon, residential property yield remained structurally lower than that 
for commercial property in 2021. In 2021, investor demand was particularly strong for newly developed 
residential units.  
Germany 
Residential market17
Population  
According to a first report of the Federal Statistics Office (Destatis), 83.2 million people were living in 
Germany in September 2021. Compared to the same period in 2020, the German population grew by 31,886 
inhabitants or 0.04%. In 2021, the stagnating population was due to the increased number of deaths, which 
clearly exceeded the number of births. The gap between births and deaths, however, was filled by higher net 
immigration. In 2020, net immigration had decreased. At the end of 2020, roughly 618,200 households in 
Germany received housing allowance, or about 1.5% of all main residence households. The Federal 
Statistical Office (Destatis) also reports that the number of recipient households increased by 22.6%, or about 
113,800, compared with 2019, as a result of the housing allowance reform which took effect at the beginning 
of 2020. As a result, more households have been entitled to housing allowance. 
Residential market Germany  
Residential prices in Germany were stagnant from the early 2000s until 2009. Prices since 2010 have been 
among the fastest rising in Europe. According to the Bundesbank price index, the top seven cities have seen 
prices more than double since 2010. Current commercialised prices for apartments are highest in Munich at 
EUR 9,500/sqm (which is an increase of 8.8% per annum since 2016). Frankfurt and Hamburg follow at 
EUR 7,000/sqm (an increase of 10.2% per annum since 2016) and EUR 6,250/sqm (an increase of 8.0% per 
annum since 2016), respectively. Berlin is fourth on the list at EUR 5,500/sqm but counts the strongest price 
growth of the top-4 (an increase of 10.8% per annum since 2016).  
16 Source: CBRE. 
17 Source: Destatis

--- Page 137 ---
137 
Just 50.4% of people own their home in Germany. The remaining 49.6% of people rent their residence, being 
the second highest rate in Europe behind Switzerland.   
Housing stock  
Germany counts 42.8 million residential units at the end of 2020. Housing stock growth has been just 0.63% 
per year on average since 2014, which is rather modest but exceeds population growth. The average sized 
residential unit is 92 sqm and counts 4.4 rooms.  
In 2021, Germany was experiencing a serious housing imbalance. Development is simply not keeping up 
with the demand and is the single biggest challenge to the residential market today. Development of some 
270,000 units annually is around 100,000 fewer than the government’s target.  
From January to November 2021, new building permits amount to 341,036 dwellings and are up 2.8% on 
the same period a year earlier. Estimated building costs are reported as part of permit applications. In 
November 2021, the construction price index for conventionally constructed new residential buildings in 
Germany was up 14.4% compared with November 2020.  
Office Market18
Office Market – top 5 German markets 
Germany’s Top 5 letting markets generated a take-up volume of 2,629,500 sqm in 2021, thus outperforming 
the 2020 result by 21.2%. On the back of a weaker first half year in 2021, the growth in take-up for 2021 
was mostly due to a strong fourth quarter. If the fourth quarter of 2021 is taken in isolation, take-up soared 
by 51% in the top 5 markets compared with the year-earlier period. Moreover, take-up in the fourth quarter 
of 2021 exceeded the average of the final quarters over the last decade by 12%.  
The most active German office market in 2021 was Berlin with a take-up of 817,000 sqm, reflecting an 
increase of 22% compared with 2020. Munich took second place with 643,900 sqm (up 15%). By contrast, 
the highest growth rates were recorded by Hamburg and Frankfurt with increases of 35% to 430,300 sqm 
and 32% to 436,800 sqm respectively. Düsseldorf recorded slight year-on-year growth of 3% to 301,500 
sqm.  
Although uncertainty remains due to the pandemic, many companies have come to terms with the situation 
by being more flexible in handling their space requirements. A decisive factor for take-up in 2021 consisted 
of 42 large-scale deals, each of more than 10,000 sqm, which overall contributed one quarter of annual take-
up. The large proportion of deals concluded in developments with a share of 36% in overall take-up was 
particularly striking. This underscores strong occupier demand for new and modern office space with 
custom-build workspace interior, that complies with hybrid workplace design, teleworking, hygiene 
regulations and ESG criteria.  
In 2021, vacancy in the top 5 office markets climbed 17% to 3.4 million sqm compared with the year-earlier 
period. The average vacancy rate stood at 4.4% at year-end 2021 and was therefore 0.6 percentage points 
above the year-earlier figure. While this represents a significant increase in the vacancy rate, it remains 
nevertheless at a low level. In highly desirable locations, like central business districts, vacancy rates tend to 
be even lower. The volume of space available for subletting increased by 10% compared to 2020 since a few 
companies needed less space as a result of COVID-19-induced teleworking. 
In 2021, demand continued to focus on prime office space in the top CBD locations. As a result, prime rents 
have risen in four out the five office markets compared with the previous year. The sharpest rise of 6% to 
EUR 41.00/sqm/month was registered in Berlin. In Munich, the prime rent climbed by 5% to EUR 41.50/sqm 
18 Source: CBRE.

--- Page 138 ---
138 
and in Frankfurt am Main by 3% to EUR 45.50/sqm. Compared with the year-end 2020, prime rents remained 
stable in Hamburg and Düsseldorf at EUR 32.50/sqm and EUR 28.50/sqm respectively. 
Property Investment  
The German real estate investment market generated a transaction volume of more than EUR 111 billion in 
2021, reflecting growth of 40% in a year-on-year comparison. Germany ranks 2nd in the world’s based on 
property investment volume in 2021, with only the USA doing better.  
The largest transaction in Germany was Vonovia SE’s takeover of Deutsche Wohnen SE and resulted in 
Europe’s largest private housing company. Back in the third quarter of 2021, Swedish Heimstaden acquired 
the housing portfolio of property company Akeliusin. But even excluding these two takeovers, the 2021 
investment volume settled at 5% above the previous record result from the 2019 pre-pandemic year when 
just under EUR 84 billion was invested in German commercial and residential property.  
Core and core plus investments dominated the investment year 2021 with a share of around 72%, up from 
61% in 2020.  
Furthermore, some 7 billion euros were channelled into sustainability-certified properties in 2021, with ESG-
compliance playing an increasingly important role in the eyes of property investors. Another notable trend 
is the increasing number of forward investment deals (EUR 18.5 billion) and development acquisitions (EUR 
5 billion), where investors are seeking access to the German property market.  
At around EUR 49 billion, residential property was the dominating asset class in 2021 (up 145% in volume 
as compared to 2020). Of the commercial properties, office real estate remained the most important asset 
class, outperforming the year-earlier figure by 11% with a transaction volume of more than EUR 30 billion. 
Industry and logistics replaced the retail asset class as the third largest investment segment. At more than 
EUR 10 billion, the transaction volume not only set a new record but also significantly exceeded the previous 
year’s result by 34%.  
With pressure from strong demand, net initial yields compress further across almost all asset classes. At year-
end 2021, the average prime yield for office properties in top markets came in at only 2.65%, 0.2 percentage 
points below the year-earlier figure. Yields have declined in the retail segment, after rising earlier at the start 
of the pandemic. While distinct yield compression of 1.2% percentage points was recorded for highly 
desirable supermarkets, yields for high street properties and shopping centres recently edged down as well. 
The drop in yields of 0.4% percentage points to currently 3% for booming logistics property, ultimately due 
to COVID-19, was also considerable. 
Overview of the development portfolio
The charts below provide an overview of (i) the different market segments in which the Group is active and 
(ii) the geographical spread of the Group portfolio, in each case as at 31 December 2021 in relation to the

--- Page 139 ---
139 
projects under development (i.e. projects where the necessary permits have not yet been obtained and 
construction works are yet to commence).19
The charts below provide an overview of (i) the different market segments in which the Group is active and 
(ii) the geographical spread of the Group portfolio, in each case as at 31 December 2021 in relation to the 
projects currently under construction (i.e. projects where the necessary permits have been obtained and 
construction works have commenced).20
The chart below provides an overview of the total Group portfolio under development and under 
construction: 
Below is an overview of a selection of ongoing projects in the Issuer’s development portfolio as at 
31 December 2021 (and their status as at the date of this Base Prospectus), comprising an aggregate amount 
19 Source: Immobel SA. 
20 Source: Immobel SA.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
of approximately 1.2 million square meters of development projects of the Issuer’s total development 
portfolio covering approximately 1.6 million square meters in aggregate. 
Offices and retail  
Multi  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 45,755 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: one office building of 45,755 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2019 until the first quarter 
of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works have terminated, and the 
building will be delivered to the various lessees in the coming months.  
(vi)
Project’s features: the project is located in the historic heart of Brussels and aims to give a second 
life to the H-shaped tower on a three-storey base, built in the 1960s. The building offers a panoramic 
view of the city in a revitalised urban environment. The 19-storey building with its surface area of 
45,755 square meters features maximum flexibility for different workspaces. In addition to the 
BREEAM Excellent label, the occupant can enjoy a suspended garden on the third floor.  
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 99%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
The Woods  
(i)
Location: Hoeilaart, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 9,861 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 9,861 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: fourth quarter of 2020 until the second 
quarter of 2021. The development works have been completed.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works have been completed.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Nestled entirely within the Sonian Forest in Brussels, The Woods offers an original 
and characterful working environment with a view of the surrounding greenery. This new Business 
Park, on a human scale, will meet all comfort requirements: the shared leisure and work areas and 
dining room will be exclusive to all occupants. Thanks to the proximity of Chaussée de la Hulpe, The 
Woods has quick and easy access for cyclists and motorists alike and features adapted parking spaces. 
Adjacent to Groenendael train station, which is three stops away from the European district, 
pedestrians have direct access to the platforms. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 63%.

--- Page 141 ---
141 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Commerce 46 
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 13,550 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 13,550 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2020 until the third 
quarter of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works are in progress.  
(vi)
Project’s features: At the intersection of two major roads in the city, this ground-breaking scheme 
involves the development of a high-quality, sustainable block. Ideally located and with excellent 
public transport links, the building will address the changes in current working methods and the new 
needs for office space in a rapidly evolving neighbourhood. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. The building has been fully sold to 
Allianz. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 100%. The building has been fully leased to 
ING Belgium.  
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 67%.  
Cala  
(i)
Location: Luik, Belgium. 
(ii)
Size: 20,098 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 20,098 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2018 until the fourth 
quarter of 2020.  
(v)
Status: the construction works are completed. The building has been delivered.  
(vi)
Project’s features: The scheme involves the major refurbishment of the former Assurances Liégoises 
building in order to improve energy performance and architectural quality. It will offer a redesign of 
the space to meet strict requirements in terms of usability and comfort for the users of the building. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 74%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.

--- Page 142 ---
142 
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Isala 
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 26,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 26,000 square meters, which serves as a seed asset of the BeLux 
Office Development Fund. 
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2023 until the second 
quarter of 2025.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. The necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Following the purchase of a building and land previously owned by the French 
group Total, this project involves renovating three quarters of the property complex, while respecting 
a maximum of sustainability and circularity principles. Occupying an excellent location on Rue de la 
Loi, in the European quarter, the project will benefit from ecological energy solutions (geothermal 
energy, solar panels). Major work will also be carried out to improve the building envelope by 
complying with the highest insulation standards, while retaining, as much as possible, the original 
design of the existing façade, which dates from 1950. These objectives will significantly reduce the 
building’s CO2 emissions as well as its environmental impact. In terms of design and comfort, the 
project aims to favour natural light, thanks to rear glass walls, and sustainable materials such as wood. 
It will showcase soft mobility, incorporating 200 bicycle spaces. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Scorpio  
(i)
Location: City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg 
(ii)
Size: 3,700 square meters  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 3,700 square meters, which serves as a seed asset of the BeLux 
Office Development Fund.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: fourth quarter of 2025 until the second 
quarter of 2027.  
(v)
Status: in design phase.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Scorpio is an office building ‘at a human scale’ (as it is relatively small compared 
to surrounding buildings), ideally located in the heart of an established business district. Its immediate 
proximity to the numerous facilities - tramway, shops, restaurants, childcare centres and others - in 
this rapidly expanding district will be a definite plus to its future users. The building will also have 
the advantage of an attractive environment, bordered by the public park which runs alongside the 
banks of the River Drosbach. Through the full redevelopment of Scorpio, Immobel will create a state-

--- Page 143 ---
143 
of-the-art “Grade A building” which takes into consideration the required flexibility for the future 
office tenant and the new ways of working. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Paris-14 / Montrouge  
(i)
Location: Paris, France.  
(ii)
Size: 8,700 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 8,700 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: 2022 until 2024.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained.  
(vi)
Project’s features: With its highest point at 38 metres above the Paris ring road and its location near 
the Porte d’Orléans, the Montrouge/Paris 14 project transforms an existing complex into an office 
building that looks resolutely towards the future, with the latest standard of comfort and performance. 
Its elegant figure, designed by Arte Charpentier, makes it a genuine urban totem. Its modular nature 
allows customisation according to the needs of users and can also make co-working in the building a 
possibility. On the ground floor, the angled reception features a double-height hall which brings a 
great deal of space and light, as well as a hybrid and flexible space connected to a garden. The latter 
can be adapted to suit multiple uses and services. The top floor includes a restaurant, terraces and a 
rooftop area, and offers a splendid panoramic view of Paris. The building enjoys excellent 
accessibility thanks to the numerous public transport links nearby. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Nova 
(i)
Location: the City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg.  
(ii)
Size: 4,200 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 4,200 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2021 until the fourth 
quarter of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works are in progress.

--- Page 144 ---
144 
(vi)
Project’s features: The Nova project aims to totally redevelop an office building dating from 1992. 
Located on the Place de l’Étoile, it benefits from a particularly strategic position right in the heart of 
the capital and in the immediate vicinity of Kirchberg and the motorway connections. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 83%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 99%.  
Central Point 
(i)
Location: Warsaw, Poland. 
(ii)
Size: 19,100 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: an office project of 19,100 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: from the second quarter of 2018 until 
the second quarter of 2021.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works have been completed.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Central Point will be a visionary building offering occupants a refined mix of 
superlative office, service, retail and car parking space. And offering it where it counts – right in the 
business heart of Warsaw. Ideally located at the corner of Marszałkowska and Świętokrzyska Streets 
and atop the intersection of the only two metro lines in Warsaw, Central Point offers occupiers fast 
and convenient access to any part of the capital. A profusion of neighbouring restaurants, hotels, 
cinemas, theatres, fitness clubs and spas can be found either on the doorstep or within easy reach. 
And cultural history is just next door. Warsaw’s PAST building is adjacent and Poland’s Palace of 
Culture and Science is nearby. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 26%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Residential  
O’Sea 
(i)
Location: Ostend, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 88,500 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a sustainable residential complex in four different phases of 88, 500 square meters. 
Phase I of this project (“O’Sea Charme”) regards 19,000 square meters, consisting of 167 residential 
units, three retail businesses, one restaurant and one crèche. Phase II of the project (“O’Sea Beach”) 
regards 24,000 square meters, consisting of 224 residential units. Phase III of the project (“O’Sea 
Life”) spans 26,802 square meters, consisting of 229 residential units and 1 commercial unit.

--- Page 145 ---
145 
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: for the first phase: first quarter of 2017 
until the fourth quarter of 2019. For the second phase from the third quarter of 2019 until the fourth 
quarter of 2022. For the third phase from the second quarter of 2022 until the first quarter of 2027.  
(v)
Status: the construction works for phase I have been completed. The construction works for phase II 
shall be completed in the fourth quarter of 2022. The construction works for Phase III shall start in 
the second quarter of 2022.  
(vi)
Project’s features: this sustainable residential complex is being developed in several phases in a well-
located district of Ostend, close to the seafront. Creating a new perfectly integrated district, it will 
offer a choice of made to measure living spaces: houses, apartments, serviced residences, studios … 
(vii)
Percentage of the project (phase II) which has been (pre-)sold: 58%. 99% of phase I has been sold.  
(viii)
Percentage of the project (phase II) which has been (pre-)leased: N/A. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project) (phase 
II): 19%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project (phase II): 85%.  
Slachthuissite 
(i)
Location: Antwerp, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 240,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential-led complex of 240,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2021 until 2030.  
(v)
Status: the necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: this residential-led complex, situated on a 240,000 square meters plot to be 
redeveloped on the Abattoirs site, will be built with a key focus on public services, leisure areas and 
local shops.  
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 10%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Theodore  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium. 
(ii)
Size: 40,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 40,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: construction period to be determined.

--- Page 146 ---
146 
(v)
Status: the necessary permits have been requested. The construction period shall start in the fourth 
quarter of 2025 and shall end in the third quarter of 2029.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Théodore is deploying its multi-functional programme consisting of housing, 
subsidised housing, rest homes, service flats and student accommodation over approximately 40,000 
square meters. Fully keeping up with the times, Théodore intends to meet the multiple challenges of 
the city of tomorrow, combining quality, density and diversity while always focussing first and 
foremost on people. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 14%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Îlot-Saint Roch  
(i)
Location: Nivelles, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 31,500 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 31,500 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2021 until the third 
quarter of 2026.  
(v)
Status: the necessary permits have been obtained and the construction works for phase I have started.  
(vi)
Project’s features: In the center of Nivelles, between the railway station and the Collegiate, the project 
schedules the transformation of an industrial eyesore into a new district. This new concept is set to 
include residential accommodation and shops, within a garden setting. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: N/A. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Lalys  
(i)
Location: Astene, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 23,400 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 23,400 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works for the second phase: third quarter of 
2020 until the third quarter of 2024.  
(v)
Status: the building permits for phases I, II, IV and V have been obtained and the construction works 
for phases I, II and IV are in progress. The building permits for phase III has been requested.

--- Page 147 ---
147 
(vi)
Project’s features: Lalys will be a new, cosy village district in rural Astene. The location is 
exceptional and also extremely mobility-friendly, as it is accessible by bicycle, car and train. You can 
be easily in Deinze, Sint-Martens-Latem, Kortrijk, Ghent, and so on. Thanks to the thoughtful 
approach of the Arcas architectural firm, Lalys becomes a pleasant place to live. All homes have three 
bedrooms, so they are among others ideal for young families. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 39%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 7%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 42%.  
Crown  
(i)
Location: Knokke, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 5,500 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 5,500 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2020 until the fourth 
quarter of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works are in progress.  
(vi)
Status: the construction works have started.  
(vii)
Project’s features: This high-quality apartment complex is situated in the centre of Knokke-Heist. 
The project also includes a horeca unit on the ground floor. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: N/A. 
(x)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 46%.  
(xi)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 75%.  
Bussy Saint-Georges  
(i)
Location: Bussy Saint-Georges, France. 
(ii)
Size: 16,161 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 16,161 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: in design phase.  
(v)
Status: the necessary permits have been obtained and the project is under development.  
(vi)
Project’s features: A future development in Bussy-Saint-Georges, a municipality located 25 
kilometres away from Paris that benefits from the dynamism of Marne-la-Vallée and its surrounding 
areas. On the edge of the Bussy-Saint-Georges golf course, the residence blends into the heart of the 
landscape with an exclusively pedestrian landscaped estate. Designed by the agency Mastrandreas

--- Page 148 ---
148 
Architectes, the development boasting elegant and environmentally friendly architecture consists of 
6 houses, 4 compact residential buildings providing 108 apartments and a high-end senior residence 
to the east of the golf course. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Fort d’Aubervilliers  
(i)
Location: Aubervilliers, France.  
(ii)
Size: 33,444 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 33,444 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2021 until the second 
quarter of 2024.  
(v)
Status: the building permit for Ilot A and B have been obtained. The construction works are in 
progress.  
(vi)
Project’s features: On the outskirts of Paris, the regeneration of Aubervilliers Fort has begun and a 
new neighbourhood is on its way. The Fort eco-neighbourhood is one of the icons of this new concept 
of urban life. A veritable city in the heart of the city, this neighbourhood benefits from the creation 
of a number of wooded parks, shared gardens, school groups, sports halls, services and spaces 
dedicated to culture. Already served by metro line 7, the imminent arrival of a line 15 station will 
only increase its appeal. At the heart of this quality environment, the Group is involved in building 
beautiful, bright and comfortable apartments in a resolutely contemporary residence. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 69%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%. 
Les terrasses du Canal  
(i)
Location: Aubervilliers, France.  
(ii)
Size: 6,278 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 6,278 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2018 until the second 
quarter of 2021.  
(v)
Status: the construction works have been completed.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
(vi)
Project’s features: On the outskirts of Paris, a new residence is on its way in the Canal neighbourhood 
– a new green and aspirational neighbourhood. The development boasts contemporary architecture 
with characterful use of volumes. Some of the 2- to 4-room apartments open onto superb outdoor 
terraces and suspended gardens, providing a leafy living environment. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 89%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 78%. 
Esprit Verde  
(i)
Location: Bessancourt, France.  
(ii)
Size: 7,291 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 7,291 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2020 until the second 
quarter of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works have been completed.  
(vi)
Project’s features: On the edge of Montmorency forest and just twenty or so kilometres from Paris, 
Bessancourt reflects a living environment that is both modern and authentic. “Esprit Verde” is a 
residence located in the heart of an innovative eco-neighbourhood, the neighbourhood of Meuniers, 
two minutes away from the station, boasting new 2- to 4-room apartments and spacious 3- and 4-
bedroom houses in the heart of a green space. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 57%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 12%.  
Esprit Ville  
(i)
Location: Bessancourt, France.  
(ii)
Size: 11,647 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 11,647 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2016 until the third 
quarter of 2021.  
(v)
Status: the construction works have been completed.  
(vi)
Project’s features: A development located just a stone’s throw away from Chelles town hall and its 
park, close to the SNCF station and the future line 16 metro exit. On the corner of Avenue François 
Mitterrand and Rue du Docteur Douarre stands a “lighthouse” with a circular metal turret. The care

--- Page 150 ---
150 
given to the architecture forms a harmonious and iconic complex around a beautiful central garden, 
consisting of 165 apartments ranging from studios to 5-room duplexes. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 84%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 58%.  
Mamer 
(i)
Location: Mamer, Luxembourg.  
(ii)
Size: 13,800 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 13,800 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2022 until the fourth 
quarter of 2024.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. The necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Located just outside the capital, the Mamer project will offer a range of single-
family homes and residences on a human scale designed to meet the needs of all generations. Ideally 
located in the coveted neighborhood of Mamer, this programme, currently under review, will provide 
a calm and green setting that respects the local environment. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0% 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Eden 
(i)
Location: Frankfurt, Germany.  
(ii)
Size: 20,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a residential project of 20,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2019 until the third 
quarter of 2022.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works are in progress.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Eden Tower is one of the highest green residential façade in Europe and one of the 
rare and most spectacular residential tower in Frankfurt. The project enjoys an exceptional location, 
in the heart of the city, between the central business district, the station and the exhibition centre, and 
immediately adjacent to the smart West End district. With exceptional architecture and a planted 
façade, and reaching a height of nearly 100 meters, Eden will mark the entrance to Europa Allee, thus 
supplementing the famous Frankfurt skyline. This project is led by Immobel Luxembourg.

--- Page 151 ---
151 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 60%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: N/A. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 18%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 89%.  
Mixed-use  
Panorama  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 58,100 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 58, 100 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2023 until the second 
quarter of 2027.  
(v)
Status: the construction works for the school are in progress. The construction permit in relation to 
the remainder of the works is the object of procedure before the Council of State. 
(vi)
Project’s features: this project constitutes the last phase of the massive redevelopment of the former 
Cité Administratif / Rijksadministratief Centrum of Brussels, whereby the project has been designed 
to provide its residents and visitors with a modern complex that is pleasant to live in and experience. 
The project is part of an urban development along the Pechère garden, between Place du Congrès / 
Congresplein with its famous column, and Boulevard Pacheco / Pachecolaan. Consisting of five 
buildings, it boasts spacious accommodation with spectacular views of the rest of the city as well as 
attractive retail premises, offices and green spaces. The project will feature a school and a nursery.  
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 17%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
SNCB / NMBS  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 200,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 200,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2023 until the second 
quarter of 2034.  
(v)
Status: in design phase.  
(vi)
Project’s features: This two-phase project initially consists of transforming existing buildings on 
Avenue Fonsny into an office building that will become the new head office of the SNCB and a hotel. 
The new head office of the SNCB is the first creation in Belgium by the renowned OMA architectural

--- Page 152 ---
152 
firm and will be particularly environmentally efficient with a BREEAM Excellent certification. In 
the second phase, all of the SNCB’s current offices in the vicinity of the Brussels Midi train station 
will be transformed into a new neighbourhood that is home to offices, housing, retail premises and 
facilities. These transformations will help to instil a new dynamic in the neighbourhood around the 
Brussels Midi train station by making it more welcoming, pleasant and lively at all times of day. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Proximus  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 119,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 119,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Estimated start date and projected end date of the development works: first quarter of 2024 until the 
fourth quarter of 2026.  
(v)
Status: in design phase.  
(vi)
Project’s features: the iconic Proximus towers shall be transformed into a green and “campus-like” 
site that is geared towards collaboration, hybrid working and human interaction. The current towers 
will be redeveloped, whereby the renovated complex will not only be used by Proximus, but also by 
other companies and will contain workspaces, residential spaces, public accommodation, retail, etc. 
The sustainability ambition of the office project is very high and aims for a BREEAM 
OUTSTANDING label, a DGNB Platinum label, and a WELL PLATINUM certification. The overall 
aim of the redevelopment is to create a sustainable and inspiring digital campus that fosters 
connections, collaboration, and innovation. At the same time, the project will substantially contribute 
to the revitalization of the Brussels North area. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 39%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Lebeau  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.  
(ii)
Size: 42,100 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 42,100 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2026 until the fourth 
quarter of 2028.

--- Page 153 ---
153 
(v)
Status: in design phase. the necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: the project is a unique, mixed-use complex situated next to Place du Grand Sablon, 
an exclusive district in Brussels. The project consists of prestigious residential apartments, retail 
outlets, offices and a hotel. Lebeau offers immediate proximity to popular restaurants, prominent 
shops and the Brussels Central railway station.  
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Cours Saint-Michel 
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 84,200 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 84,200 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: fourth quarter of 2026 until the fourth 
quarter of 2029.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. The necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: The Cours Saint-Michel project will completely redesign and redevelop the former 
headquarters of ING in Etterbeek. It’s a mixed use, user-friendly area oriented towards economic 
actors, active in European matters. This ambitious project of more than 80,000 m² has many 
advantages: its highly strategic location, in a green setting, close to the train- and underground stations 
Mérode and Thieffry and very close to the European district. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Centre Monnaie 
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 62,121 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 62, 121 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2022 until the second 
quarter of 2025.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. the necessary permits have been requested.

--- Page 154 ---
154 
(vi)
Project’s features: the project delivers the total refurbishment of one of the major buildings in the 
city. The future mixed-use complex will house apartments, offices and a hotel. This gigantic 
restoration involves the largest part of the Centre Monnaie, excluding the major portion of the 
underground car park and the multi-storey shopping centre, which belong to other owners. It enjoys 
complete accessibility in terms of public transport, and a setting that offers exception variety of uses, 
combining culture, relaxation, shopping, excursions and work, to meet every urban need.  
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Key West 
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 61,300 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 61,300 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2021 until the first 
quarter of 2028.  
(v)
Status: In design phase. The necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Situated in a district of Anderlecht undergoing major modernisation, the project 
aims to create a vibrant neighbourhood along the canal. Composed of high-quality residential blocks 
at the top of Quai de Biestebroeck, this mixed-use complex is part of the Brussels Region Canal Plan. 
It will offer the district’s residents and inhabitants preferential access to sociable spaces and 
relaxation areas as well as an unobstructed view of the waterfront. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Brouck’R  
(i)
Location: Brussels, Belgium.   
(ii)
Size: 41,000 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: mixed-use project of 41,000 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2024 until the fourth 
quarter of 2026.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. The necessary permits have been obtained. The construction permit is the 
object of a procedure before the Council of State and the construction works are currently suspended.

--- Page 155 ---
155 
(vi)
Project’s features: Situated in the heart of Brussels and a stone's throw from the Grand Place, the 
project involves the demolition-reconstruction (and renovation of the listed parts) of the head office 
of the insurance company Allianz to make way for a mixed, mainly residential block. It is still 
possible for stand-alone and/or build-to-suit office or hotel solutions to be incorporated into the 
programme currently under consideration. The ground floors will be redesigned to liven up the streets 
and the Place de Brouckère through shops and services. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Reuil-Malmaison  
(i)
Location: Reuil-Malmaison, France.   
(ii)
Size: 28,500 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 28,500 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: in design phase.  
(v)
Status: the necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: This mixed development contributes to urban renewal and redynamisation of the 
area, reconnecting two neighborhoods. The project aspires to be a place of comfortable living and 
positive exchanges, and will be built in line with today's needs for flexibility: its reversible and 
modular spaces make it suitable for different kinds of use - living, offices, services. To control the 
carbon footprint of the building, developer and architect opt for the recycling of materials, ways to 
reduce energy consumption and use of bio-sourced materials. The development is located at a two 
minute walk from an RER A train station. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Saint-Antoine 
(i)
Location: Paris, France.   
(ii)
Size: 5,250 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 5,250 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2021 until the third 
quarter of 2023.  
(v)
Status: under development. The necessary permits have been requested.

--- Page 156 ---
156 
(vi)
Project’s features: Saint-Antoine is a project that aims to transform an existing parking lot in the heart 
of the iconic Le Marais quarter of Paris into a contemporary mixed-use project for residential use, 
office and retail space. Together with the architects, the Group intends to preserve the complex' 
industrial identity and this piece of Parisian heritage. In order to minimize the carbon footprint, 
demolition will be limited as much as possible. The new complex will unlock the site, bring comfort 
and well-being through light and vegetation, services and connectivity. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Infinity 
(i)
Location: City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
(ii)
Size: 33,300 square meters. 
(iii)
Programme: 33,300 square meters mixed-use spaces, 165 residential units, 6,500 square meters 
commercial spaces (23 boutiques, cafés and restaurants) and 6,800 square meters of office space. 
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: Fourth quarter of 2017 until the fourth 
quarter of 2019 in relation to the commercial and office spaces. In relation to the residential units, 
fourth quarter of 2017 until the first quarter of 2021.  
(v)
Status: the construction works have been completed.  
(vi)
Project’s features: The “Infinity” project is a unique mixed-use complex situated near the entrance to 
the city of Luxembourg, at the junction with the Kirchberg plateau. This mixed-use project will 
clearly redesign the city’s skyline thanks to its residential tower (20,000 square meters), its office 
tower (6,800 square meters) and its shopping centre (6,500 square meters). This complex, which will 
be developed over approximately 33,300 square meters, constitutes a sustainable and perfectly 
integrated project that will become a new favourite location in Luxembourg. Made up of apartments, 
offices and businesses, all of superior quality, “Infinity” will enhance the appeal of this already trendy 
neighbourhood in the heart of the city, opposite the Philharmonic and the Mudam. 
(vii)
Percentage of the residential part of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 100%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the residential part of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 100% of the offices have 
been leased. 
(ix)
Percentage of estimated revenues from the residential part of the project which have already been 
accounted for (i.e., cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from 
the project): 93%. 
(x)
Percentage of recognition of the estimated profits for the residential part of the project: 98%. 
Polvermillen  
(i)
Location: City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg.   
(ii)
Size: 27,022 square meters.

--- Page 157 ---
157 
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 27,022 square meters, consisting of residential spaces and office 
spaces.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2022 until the second 
quarter of 2025.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been requested.   
(vi)
Project’s features: This complex on the banks of the Alzette offers a totally new working framework 
between the city and nature. Located in the immediate vicinity of the Kirchberg plateau, it will 
comprise a very mixed use ensemble: offices along with apartments, houses, lofts, studios… designed 
according to a sustainable approach. It aims to rehabilitate and redesign a whole new district in a 
particularly green setting and with respect for the soul and the history of the site. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
River Place 
(i)
Location: the City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg.   
(ii)
Size: 7,891 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 7,891 square meters.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: second quarter of 2022 until the second 
quarter of 2024.  
(v)
Status: in design phase. The necessary permits have been requested.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Ideally located in the Dommeldange district, a stone’s throw from the station, the 
project located Rue Nennig schedules a mixed complex, predominantly comprising housing including 
a retail podium unit also available to independent professions. With its views over the Alzette, its 
hanging gardens and the creation of a cycleway connecting the project directly to the city centre, this 
scheme has everything to attract both families and those who favour home-sharing because an 
innovative feature of this programme is that it offers a majority of co-living space. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 0%. 
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 0%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 0%.  
Livingstone  
(i)
Location: the City of Luxembourg, Luxembourg.   
(ii)
Size: 36,000 square meters.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 36,000 square meters, consisting of residential and commercial 
space.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: third quarter of 2018 until the second 
quarter of 2023.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The construction works are in progress.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Right in the heart of a dynamic district of the capital and close to the Parc de 
Cessange and to motorway connections, Livingstone benefits from all of the facilities by integrating 
a city market into its ground floor. Designed in the form of a half block, almost all of the apartments 
of the residence have balconies or loggias and there is a tree-lined interior courtyard. The Livingstone 
high class real estate complex integrates retail units at the foot of the building. These retail areas, 
developed made to measure, will contribute to adding real value for the residents of the project and 
the inhabitants and users of the district. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 85%.  
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 65%.  
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 84%.  
Granary Island 
(i)
Location: Gda nsk, Poland.   
(ii)
Size: 75,633 square meters.  
(iii)
Programme: a mixed-use project of 75,633 square meters, consisting of hotels, residential and 
commercial spaces.  
(iv)
Start date and projected end date of the development works: the first phase has been completed. For 
the second phase from the fourth quarter of 2020 until the fourth quarter of 2023.  
(v)
Status: the building permit has been obtained. The first phase has been completed. The construction 
works for the second phase are in progress.  
(vi)
Project’s features: Built on the site of Gdansk’s former traditional granaries destroyed during the 
Second World War, the Granary Island project consists of redeveloping a unique site to reinvigorate 
a long unused and undeveloped neighbourhood on an island right in the middle of the city. The 
development provides for a complex of retail premises, apartments, offices and two hotels. It takes 
full advantage of its waterfront location with the development of a new marina and the construction 
of a footbridge linking the island to the city centre. The new complex has been designed to ensure 
sympathetic treatment of the remains of the historical granaries and tailored to the bustle of modern 
life, with the opportunity to take advantage of the city centre’s cultural offering in a safe pedestrian 
precinct that is suited to the city, its residents and its tourists. 
(vii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)sold: 22%.  
(viii)
Percentage of the project which has been (pre-)leased: 0%. 
(ix)
Percentage of the estimated revenues from the project which have already been accounted for (i.e. 
cash flows already accounted for compared to the total estimated cash flows from the project): 22%.

--- Page 159 ---
159 
(x)
Percentage of the recognition of the estimated profits for the project: 25%.  
Immobel Home and Landbanking
The Issuer owns a large portfolio of land in different stages of development. As at 31 December 2021, the 
Issuer had approximately 290 hectares of such projects.  
The activities from Immobel Home are dedicated to the development of large-scale residential housing from 
detached houses to small apartment buildings in the Walloon and Flanders region. The Issuer is furthermore 
specialised, through its Landbanking section, in the allotment of plots of lands in the Flanders and the 
Walloon area (including applying for the necessary allotment permits) and the subsequent selling of these 
(undeveloped) plots of land. In this respect, the Issuer regularly works with other real estate developers to 
create new homes on these unbuilt plots of lands. The Issuer also owns purchase options under condition, 
being mainly the fact of procuring a division permit. 
Summary overview
The below table provides a summary overview of the development portfolio of the Group as at the date of 
this Base Prospectus:

--- Page 160 ---
160 
*[Subject to permitting] 
8.
Trend information 
Except as set out above, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021 and no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the 
Group since 31 December 2021. 
21 Overview limited to the major projects in France. 
NEW PROJECTS (NOT YET UNDER 
CONSTRUCTION) 
PROJECTS UNDER CONSTRUCTION 
DELIVERED PROJECTS 2020/21 
BRUSSELS 
Centre Monnaie; Cours-Saint-Michel; 
De Brouckère; Lebeau; Key West; 
SNCB/NMBS ; Théodore ; Total ; RAC 4
Multi; RAC 6; Commerce 46 
Ernest The Garden; Ernest the Park I & 
Ernest the Park II; Möbius I & Möbius II; 
Parc Seny; Universalis Park Phase I; 
Royal Louise; Greenhill Park; Parc 
Sainte-Anne 
FLANDERS 
Slachthuissite; O’Sea Phase III 
Bree; Hoeilaart; O’Sea Phase II; Tielt; 
Lins Tower; Astene; Crown 
Riverview; Lake Front; Kattendijkdok; 
Markgravelei; Tunnelplaats; ’t Zout; 
O’Sea Phase I 
WALLONIA 
Domaine des Vallées; Wavre 5 Sapins; 
Erpent ; Îlot Saint-Roch 
Vue Verte; Cala 
LUXEMBOURG 
Thomas; Laangfur; Mamer; Rue de 
Hollerich; Scorpio; Schoettermarial; 
Canal 44; River Place 
Polvermillen; Livingstone; Nova;  
Infinity Living; Infinity Working; Infinity 
Shopping; Fuussbann 
POLAND 
Granary Island
Central Point; Cedet 
FRANCE21
Aubergenville 3F; Bessancourt tranche 
2Epinay sur orge; St-Antoine; Rueil 
Malmaison ; Bussy-Saint-Georges ; 
Paris 14/Montrouge ; Savigny-sur-
Orge ; Horizon Nature; Fort 
d’Aubervilliers 
Les Terrasses du Canal; Bessancourt 
tranche 1; Bezons – Peri Charles; 
Bezons le Belair; roissy sur Seine – 
Figaret Croissy sur Seine – Pepiniere; 
Fleurilege; Drancy 2; Le Plessis Trevise; 
Montmagny; Romainville; Vaujours; 
Vilejuif; Aubervilliers sur Marne ; 
Eaubonne 
La Garenne colombes ; Bois d’Arcy ; 
Charenton le pont ; Chelles – Esprit 
Ville ; Combs La Ville ; Francoville ; Issy 
les Moulineaux ; Louvenciennes ; 
Meudon ; Monthlery ; Paris 11 avenue 
Parmentier ; St-Arnoult ; St-Germain ; 
Vaires-sur-Marne 
SPAIN 
[Marbella*] 
GERMANY 
Eden 
OTHER 
Aspotogan (Canada) 
Incoming 
delivered

--- Page 161 ---
161 
The Issuer has sold and is expected to deliver numerous projects in 2021 and 2022. The Issuer also introduced 
several large building permits in 2021 for different projects which will ensure a continuity in the product 
pipeline in 2022 and 2023.  
Investors, both institutional and private, keep supporting the demand for real estate assets. 
In the meantime, the Issuer is actively looking for new projects in order to further fill its pipeline. 
9.
Financing arrangements 
The Issuer entered into a number of financing arrangements in order to diversify its financing sources. The 
below graph provides a general overview of the debt diversification of the Issuer as at 31 December 2021. 
As at 31 December 2021 the Group disposed of confirmed project finance bank credit lines for EUR 691 
million, of which EUR 384 million was used. These credit lines (project financing credits) are specific for 
certain projects in development of the Group.  
Furthermore, the Issuer has issued bonds with a fixed rate of 3.00% for a nominal amount of EUR 50 million 
maturing on 17 October 2023, bonds with a fixed rate of 3.50% for a nominal amount of EUR 50 million 
maturing on 17 October 2025, Notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.00% for a nominal amount of EUR 75 
million maturing on 14 April 2027 and Notes with a fixed interest rate of 3.00% for a nominal amount of 
EUR 125 million maturing 12 May 2028 (the “2028 Notes”). The Issuer intends to apply the net proceeds 
of the 2028 Notes (on an aggregated basis) to finance and/or refinance, in whole or in part, its portfolio of 
Eligible Assets. As at today, the Issuer has not yet indicated to which specific Eligible Projects all or part of 
the net proceeds of the 2028 Notes will be applied. In line with the Green Finance Framework, the Issuer 
intends to provide further details on its green note track record later this year, with the publication of the first 
allocation 
and 
impact 
report 
in 
relation 
to 
the 
2028 
Notes 
on 
its 
website 
(https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/green-finance-framework) by the end of October 2022. 
As from full allocation of the net proceeds of the 2028 Notes to Eligible Projects (which, in accordance with 
the Green Finance Framework, is intended to occur within 24 months from the issue date of the 2028 Notes), 
and for as long as the 2028 Notes are outstanding, the Issuer intends, in accordance with its Green Finance 
Framework, to allocate an amount equivalent to the net proceeds of the 2028 Notes towards its portfolio of 
Eligible Assets (which may comprise various eligible projects). In July 2020, the Issuer entered into a short-
term bridge facility of EUR 35 million with Belfius Bank SA/NV, maturing on 30 June 2022. At the end of 
May 2022, the Issuer entered into an additional short-term bridge facility for an amount of EUR 125 million 
with Belfius Bank SA/NV, BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV and KBC Bank NV, ultimately maturing on 31 May 
2023 in relation to Belfius Bank SA/NV and BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV, and ultimately maturing on 1 June 
2023 in relation to KBC Bank NV. 
Finally, in April 2020 and in January 2021, the Issuer has completed two private placements of 800,000 and 
262,179 treasury shares respectively, together corresponding to approximately 10.6% of the current 
outstanding share capital, in each case to qualified institutional investors by means of an accelerated book

--- Page 162 ---
162 
building process. The shares have been placed at prices of EUR 65.00 and EUR 66.00 per share respectively, 
resulting in combined gross proceeds for the Issuer of EUR 69,300,000. The Issuer will use the additional 
funds to accelerate its investment strategy and to finance additional projects already identified in Belgium, 
Germany, France and Luxembourg. 
The Issuer will ensure that the issue of any Notes will not lead to a breach of the covenants included in the 
other financing arrangements of the Issuer. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer is not in default 
under any of its financing arrangements. 
With the exception of the bond issues and commercial paper, the financing of the Group, as well as the 
financing of the projects of the Group, are entered into on the basis of short-term interest rates (EURIBOR 
one to 12 months + margin).The below graph provides a general overview of the composition of the 
financings of the Issuer and its maturity profile as at 31 December 2021.22
The below table comprises a breakdown overview of the secured and unsecured indebtedness of the Group 
on a consolidated basis and at the level of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries on a standalone basis. Please note 
that this overview excludes any debt at the level of the Excluded Entities (as defined in the Conditions), 
which are accounted for under the equity method in the annual report of the Issuer. The indebtedness of the 
Excluded Entities is however to a certain extent taken into account for the calculation of the financial 
covenants set out in the Condition 8 (Covenants) and Condition 10 (Events of Default). For segment 
information on the financial position of the Excluded Entities as at 31 December 2021, please refer to note 1 
of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
In MEUR  
as at  
31 December 
2021 
Issuer 
Subsidiaries 
Group  
(on a consolidated 
basis) 
Secured 
debt 
Unsecured 
debt 
Secured 
debt 
Unsecured 
debt 
Secured 
Unsecured
Bonds 
and 
commercial 
paper 
0 
450 
0 
0 
0 
450 
Bank debt 
66 
0 
350 
0 
416 
0 
TOTAL 
66 
450 
350 
0 
416 
450 
Percentage 
13%
87%
100%
0%
48%
52%
22 Source: Immobel SA.

--- Page 163 ---
163 
At 31 December 2021, the book value of the Group’s assets pledged to secure the corporate credit and the 
project financing credits amounts to EUR 446 million, compared to EUR 817 million as at 31 December 
2020. 
The tables below provide a breakdown between the fixed and variable interest rates applicable to the Group’s 
financings and the percentage which has been hedged, both in relation to the total amount of financings of 
the Group and in relation to financings of the Group with a term of less than one year, in each case as at 
31 December 2021. 
The Group’s outstanding debt with variable interest rate was fully capped at 31 December 2021. However, 
the capped amount evolves independently from the outstanding debt. 
For further information, please refer to note 25 (Information related to the net financial debt) of the annual 
report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021. 
10.
Material contracts
Except as set out in paragraph 9 – ‘Financing arrangements’ above, the Issuer has not entered into any 
material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business which could result in any member of the Group 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to the 
Noteholders.  
11.
Management and corporate governance
Board of directors
The board of directors is the ultimate decision-making body of the Issuer, except in those areas reserved for 
the shareholders pursuant to either company law or the articles of association of the Issuer.
Pursuant to the articles of association and the corporate governance charter, the board of directors must be 
composed of a minimum of four members. The actual number may however vary in accordance with the

--- Page 164 ---
164 
Issuer’s needs. The mandates of the directors are fixed for a period of maximum four years but may be 
renewed. 
The composition of the board of directors ensures that its decisions are made in the corporate interest. Its 
composition is appropriate to the Issuer’s purpose, its operations, phase of development, structure of 
ownership and other specifics. The composition of the board of directors is determined to gather sufficient 
expertise in the Issuer’s areas of activity as well as sufficient diversity of skills, background, age and gender.  
Each director is proposed on the basis of his or her personal knowledge and/or experience in order to ensure 
that the board of directors has at its disposal all the skills and qualifications it needs in order to assume its 
responsibilities. Each director must have the availability needed to carry out his or her obligations. 
A majority of the directors are non-executive and at least three directors are independent according to the 
criteria set out in provision 3.5 of the Belgian Code on Corporate Governance 2020 and article 7:87 of the 
Belgian Companies and Associations Code and any other relevant law or regulation. 
For more information on the composition of the Issuer’s decision-making bodies and the Issuer’s corporate 
governance statement in that respect, please refer to the section “Corporate Governance Statement” on pages 
116 to 132 of the annual report of the Issuer for the year ended 31 December 2021.  
Chairman
The board of directors elects a chairman from among its members, which is appointed on the basis of his or 
her knowledge, skills, experience and mediation skills. The chairman chairs the board of directors. 
Composition
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the board of directors comprises seven directors, five of whom are 
independent and three of whom are women. The board of directors is composed of the following members: 
Name 
Function 
Date of first appointment
End of mandate
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Executive Chairman and 
Chief Executive Officer 
25 September 2014 
2026
Michèle Sioen(2)
Non-Executive Director  
20 December 2018 
2025
Astrid De Lathauwer(3)
 
Director (independent) 
 
26 August 2015 
2024
Annick Van Overstraeten(4) 
 
Director (independent) 
 
28 September 2016 
2026
Pierre Nothomb(5)
 
Director (independent) 
 
25 September 2015 
2023
Wolfgang de Limburg Stirum(6) 
Director (independent) 
 
1 January 2019 
2024
Patrick Albrand(7)
 
Director (independent) 
 
30 November 2021(8)
2024
(1) As representative of A3 Management BV. 
(2) As representative of M.J.S. Consulting BV. 
(3) As representative of ADL Comm.V. 
(4) As representative of A.V.O.-Management BV. 
(5) As representative of Pierre Nothomb BV. 
(6) As representative of LSIM NV. 
(7) As representative of SKOANEZ SAS. 
(8) At its meeting of December 9th, 2021, the Board of Directors noted the resignation of Karin Koks – Van der Sluijs, due to a 
conflict of interest, as independent director of the Issuer with effect on November 30th, 2021, and co-opted Patrick Albrand as 
independent director with effect on November 30th, 2021. The appointment of Patrick Albrand (as permanent representative of 
SKOANEZ SAS) is therefore in replacement of Karin Koks – Van Der Sluijs.
The business address of all directors is Boulevard Anspach 1, 1000 Brussels, Belgium. 
The curriculum vitae of each director (or their permanent representatives) may be summarised as follows:

--- Page 165 ---
165 
Mr Marnix Galle completed a Bachelor Degree in Arts & Sciences with economics as a major and law as 
a minor at Tulane University in New Orleans, Louisiana, USA. He began his professional career at Cegos 
Belgium in 1987 as a consultant and made his first steps in real estate in 1989 (family portfolio) until 2002. 
He created his own company Allfin in 2001, which became one of Belgium’s leading real estate developers. 
Allfin Group Comm.VA acquired in 2014 a 29% stake in the Issuer. Allfin and the Issuer merged in 2016 
after which he became its executive chairman. He is also chairman of Urban Land Institute Europe since 
1 July 2020 as well as director, member and trustee of several leading European and American associations, 
including the Urban Land Institute (ULI) Europe. 
Ms Michèle Sioen holds a Master’s Degree in Economics and completed executive management 
programmes at Vlerick Management School. Among other things, Ms Sioen is CEO of Sioen Industries, a 
Belgium-based stock-listed group specialising in the production of technical textiles and professional 
protective clothing. She was Chair of FEB/VBO (Federation of Belgian Enterprises) from 2015 until 2017 
and now is Honorary Chair. In addition to her daily involvement in Sioen Industries, she is also Director of 
various Belgian listed companies, including D’Ieteren and Sofina, but also associations such as Fedustria 
and Vlerick Business School. Finally, she is closely involved in Arts & Culture through her presidency of 
KANAL and as member of the Board of Directors of the Queen Elisabeth Music Chapel. 
Mrs Astrid De Lathauwer holds degrees in International Politics and Diplomatic Sciences (KU Leuven), a 
Bachelor in History of Art (RU Ghent) and completed an Executive MBA at Stanford, California. She brings 
over 30 years of Human Resources experience in Belgium and abroad for companies such as Proximus, 
AT&T and Monsanto. Since 2014, she is the Executive Vice-President Human Resources, and member of 
the Management Committee, at Ontex. In addition to her mandate as Independent Director and Chair of the 
Remuneration Committee at the Issuer, she also serves on the Board of Colruyt, a retail company listed on 
the BEL20, as an Independent Director and Chair of the Remuneration Committee, since 2011. 
Mrs Annick Van Overstraeten holds a Degree in Economic Sciences (KUL – 1987) and obtained a Master’s 
in Management (IAG-UCL – 1992). She began her career in 1987 at Philips, as project manager within the 
human resources department. During the period 1991 till 1999, she worked in retail, specifically in the textile 
sector (New-D, Mayerline) and then moved into food world at Confiserie Leonidas, where she held the post 
of commercial and marketing director (1999-2004). From 2004 to 2009, she served as director of operations 
of Quick Restaurants Belux SA. From 2009 to 2020, she was chief executive officer and director of Lunch 
Garden Group. In 2020, she was appointed chief executive officer of Le Pain Quotidien. She is independent 
director of Financière de Tubize SA/NV as well as of Euro Shoe Group NV. 
Mr Pierre Nothomb obtained a Master’s degree in applied economic sciences (UCL Louvain-la-Neuve). 
He joined Deminor at its launch more than 30 years ago, and holds numerous assignments with the board of 
directors of various companies or associations (such as ForSettlement (Fortis), Kimbal, Imperbel, Epsylon) 
and of several Deminor group companies. Additionally, he is member of the audit committee of Imperbel 
and the network of psychiatric care of the Epsylon psychiatric hospitals group (La Ramée – Fond’Roy). Prior 
to joining Deminor in 1991, he served with Coopers & Lybrand (now PriceWaterhouse Coopers) as senior 
auditor, and afterwards as corporate finance consultant with Petercam Securities. He is currently director of 
the ULB Foundation and SA BuildUp. In addition, he is a certified mediator in civil and commercial matters 
since 2022. 
Mr Wolfgang de Limburg Stirum holds an MBA from the University of Chicago, Booth School of 
Business (US), a Bachelor in Commercial Engineering, and a Master’s degree in Applied Economics and 
Management from the Louvain School of Management (Belgium). With 20 years financial/private equity 
experience in Europe and the United States, he has invested in numerous sectors including healthcare, 
specialty chemicals, niche industrials, services, leisure and media. Since 2005, he has been Managing Partner 
of Ergon Capital Partners, a mid-market private equity investment company with over EUR 2 billion under 
management. Before that, he spent most of his career in investment banking (mergers & acquisitions) at

--- Page 166 ---
166 
Lehman Brothers in New York and London, where he became co-head of the European M&A Healthcare 
team. He is also currently Director of Haudecoeur, Telenco, Sausalitos, Opseo, SVT, Stationary Care Group, 
Dental Service Group and VPK Group. 
Mr Patrick Albrand holds a Master of Architecture degree from the Ecole des Beaux-Arts in 1980 and a 
Master’s degree in Real Estate Development from Columbia University in 1988. He joined Hines in 1995 
and was instrumental in the creation and supervision of its French subsidiary. He has been active in the 
overall development of Hines France, both in the Development and the Investment Management activities. 
Prior to working at Hines, Mr Albrand was the Director in charge of Development at Bouygues Real Estate 
in Paris (1989-1995), where he arranged joint ventures with outside developers and investors. He was a 
Senior Research Associate at Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in Berkeley, California (1983-1987), and prior 
to that, he worked for the Ministry of Interior of Morocco (1980-1982). 
Committees set up by the board of directors
General
The board of directors has set up four committees: the audit and risk committee, the investment committee, 
the remuneration committee and the nomination committee. The board of directors can set up additional 
committees in the event it deems this appropriate. 
Audit and risk committee
The audit and risk committee has the following tasks: 

monitoring the statutory audit of the annual and consolidated accounts, including following up on any 
questions and recommendations made by the external auditor;

monitoring the financial reporting process, including making recommendations or suggestions to 
ensure the integrity of the process;

monitoring the effectiveness of the Issuer’s internal control and risk management systems. In addition, 
the audit and risk committee reviews the specific arrangements for raising concerns – in confidence 
– about possible improprieties in financial reporting or other matters. The audit and risk committee 
should agree on arrangements whereby staff may inform the chair of the audit and risk committee 
directly. If deemed necessary, arrangements should be made for the proportionate and independent 
investigation of such matters and for the appropriate follow-up actions. The audit and risk committee 
should monitor management’s responsiveness to the findings of the internal audit function and the 
recommendations made in the external auditor’s management letter;

if there is an internal audit, monitoring the internal audit and its effectiveness. The Issuer will annually 
review the necessity of having an internal audit function; and 

reviewing and monitoring the independence of the external auditor, particularly regarding the 
provision of additional services to the Issuer (Article 7:99 of the Belgian Companies and Associations 
Code). 
The audit and risk committee has at least three members, which are all non-executive directors and of which 
a majority is composed of independent directors. The chairman of the audit and risk committee is appointed 
by the audit and risk committee itself among its members. 
The board of directors ensures that the Audit & Risk Committee has enough relevant expertise to fulfil its 
role effectively, notably in accounting and audit matters. At least one member of the audit and risk committee 
should have the necessary expertise in accounting and audit matters.

--- Page 167 ---
167 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the audit and risk committee is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Pierre Nothomb(1)
 
Chairman 
Patrick Albrand 
 
Member 
Michèle Sioen(2)
 
Member 
Wolfgang de Limburg Stirum(3)
 
Member 
(1) As representative of Pierre Nothomb BV. 
(2) As representative of M.J.S. Consulting BV. 
(3) As representative of LSIM NV.
Investment committee
The task of the investment committee consists of: 

formulating the objectives, policies and strategies of the Issuer’s real estate investments; and

monitoring ongoing projects when these projects entail a substantial part of the Issuer’s portfolio and 
when the executive management has flagged a project as considerably deviating from its original 
business plan. 
The board of directors further has delegated to the Investment Committee the power to decide on and approve 
all acquisitions, development, syndication and divestment of assets, or in case of an asset developed in 
partnership or syndicated with a third party, the pro rata share of the Issuer therein, up to an estimated total 
investment cost of EUR 200 million (which shall include the acquisition price and total development costs, 
such as construction costs, financing costs and fees payable to third parties).  
The Chair of the respective committees will inform the board of directors on the investment decisions so 
taken at the next board of directors’ meeting.  
The investment committee consists of at least four members, including the executive chairman, who is also 
its chairman. Members of the investment committee are appointed by the board of directors for a maximum 
duration of four years. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the investment committee is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Chairman 
Patrick Albrand 
 
Member 
Thierry Vanden Hende 
 
Member 
Piet Vercruysse 
 
Member 
Olivier Bastin(2)
 
Member 
(1) As representative of A3 Management BV. 
(2) Since September 30th, 2021, in replacement of Alexis Prevot, acting as the permanent representative of the company AP2L 
SRL. 
Remuneration committee
The task of the remuneration committee consists of, in accordance with Article 7:100 of the Belgian 
Companies and Associations Code: 

making proposals to the board of directors on:

--- Page 168 ---
168 

the remuneration policy for non-executive directors and members of the executive 
management, as well as, where appropriate, on the resulting proposals to be submitted by the 
board of directors to the shareholders with regard to the Issuer’s remuneration policy;

the remuneration of directors and members of the executive management, including variable 
remuneration and long-term incentives, whether or not stock-related, in the form of stock 
options or other financial instruments, and regarding the arrangements on early termination, 
and, where applicable, on the resulting proposals to be submitted by the board of directors to 
the shareholders;

the annual review of the executive management’s performance; and

the realisation of the Issuer’s strategy against performance measures and targets;

submitting a remuneration report to the board of directors; and

explaining this remuneration report during the annual general shareholders’ meeting. 
The remuneration committee consists exclusively of independent directors with an expertise in remuneration 
matters. A non-executive director chairs the remuneration committee. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the remuneration committee is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Astrid De Lathauwer(1)
 
Chairman 
Annick Van Overstraeten(2)
 
Member 
Pierre Nothomb(3)
 
Member 
(1) As representative of ADL Comm.V. 
(2) As representative of A.V.O.-Management BV. 
(3) As representative of Pierre Nothomb BV. 
Nomination committee
The task of the nomination committee consists of: 

drafting (re-)appointment procedures for members of the board of directors and the executive 
management;

periodically assessing the size and composition of the board of directors and making 
recommendations to the board of directors with regard to any changes;

identifying and nominating, for the approval of the board of directors, candidates to fill vacancies as 
they arise;

ensuring that the appointment and re-election process is organised objectively and professionally;

advising on proposals (including, of the management or the shareholders) for the (re-)appointment 
and removal of directors and members of the executive management;

properly considering issues related to succession planning; and

ensuring that sufficient and regular attention is paid to the succession of executives and that the 
appropriate talent development programmes and programmes to promote diversity in leadership are 
in place.

--- Page 169 ---
169 
The nomination committee consists of a majority of independent non-executive directors. The chairman of 
the board of directors chairs the nomination committee. The chairman can be involved, but cannot chair the 
nomination committee when dealing with the appointment of his successor. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the nomination committee is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Chairman 
Astrid De Lathauwer(2)
 
Member 
Annick Van Overstraeten(3)
 
Member 
(1) As representative of A3 Management BV. 
(2) As representative of ADL Comm.V. 
(3) As representative of A.V.O.-Management BV. 
Executive committee
The executive committee will primarily, under the leadership of the executive chairman and the CEO: 

consider, define and prepare, proposals and strategic options that could contribute to the Issuer’s 
development, with the exception of those investment decisions falling within the scope of the 
acquisition committee. This responsibility covers (i) strategic planning, including the analysis of 
strategies, activity plans and budgets submitted by the Issuer’s departments, and (ii) drawing up the 
business plan and budgets of the Issuer for proposal, discussion and approval by the board of 
directors;

formulate proposals to the board of directors relating to the real estate investment objectives, policies 
and strategies of the Issuer; 

present to the board of directors a complete, timely, reliable and accurate preparation of the Issuer’s 
financial statements, in accordance with the applicable accounting standards and policies of the 
Issuer;

prepare the Issuer’s required disclosure of the annual accounts and other material, financial and non-
financial information;

propose the financial strategy to the board of directors;

monitor the performance of the Issuer’s departments in line with their strategic objectives, business 
plans and budgets; 

ensure the management of the human resources to enable the Issuer to recruit and retain the best 
talents, to set and monitor the achievement of the performance’s objectives, and more generally, to be 
provided with the resources required to implement the Issuer’s strategy; 

determine and monitor the implementation of the (internal and external) communication policy of the 
Issuer; 

propose to the board of directors the human resources and communication strategy of the Issuer; and

propose to the board of directors the implementation of a corporate social responsibility policy (CSR) 
to ensure that environmental, social, economic and ethical issues are taken into account in the Issuer’s 
activities; and draw up and implement the Issuer’s policies which the executive chairman and the 
CEO consider to fall within the competence of the executive committee.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
The executive committee is composed of the executive chairman, and the members of the executive 
committee (as mentioned on the website of the Issuer). As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Mr Marnix 
Galle is performing the functions of both the executive chairman and the CEO. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the executive committee is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Executive chairman and CEO 
Karel Breda(2)
 
Member and CFO 
Adel Yahia(3)
 
Member and managing director Immobel Belgium 
Fabien Acerbis 
 
Member and managing director Immobel France 
Olivier Bastin 
 
Member and managing director Immobel Luxembourg 
(1) As representative of A3 Management BV. 
(2) As representative of KB Financial Services BV. 
 
(3) As representative of Adel Yahia Consult BV. 
The business address of all members of the executive committee is Boulevard Anspach 1, 1000 Brussels, 
Belgium. 
Acquisition committee  
The Acquisition committee will primarily, under the leadership of the executive chairman and the CEO:  

analyse, determine and prepare real estate investment proposals which may contribute to the Issuer’s 
development except for decisions falling within the scope of the executive committee; 

take any decision relating to the acquisition, financing, development, syndication and divestment of 
assets, or in case of an asset developed in partnership or syndicated with a third party, the pro rate 
share of the Issuer therein, up to an estimated total investment cost of 70 MEUR per asset (which 
shall include the acquisition price and total development costs, such as construction costs, financing 
costs and fees payable to third parties), it being understood that the chair of the acquisition committee 
will inform the board of directors about the investment decisions so taken at the next board of 
director’s meeting; 

analyse all acquisition proposals of new real estate projects; 

manage ongoing real estate projects, as well as the related contracts:  

analyse the compliance with the feasibility studies, deadlines and the quality of the projects while 
ensuring that the quality standards of the Group are maintained or improved and allowing an efficient 
and sustainable legal and technical risk management.  
The acquisition committee of the Issuer is composed of the executive chair, the CEO and the members of 
the acquisition committee (as mentioned on the website of the Issuer.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the executive committee is composed as follows:

--- Page 171 ---
171 
Name 
 
Function 
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Executive chairman and CEO and chair of the 
acquisition committee 
Karel Breda(2)
 
Member and CFO 
Adel Yahia(3)
 
Member and managing director Immobel Belgium 
Fabien Acerbis 
 
Member and managing director Immobel France 
Olivier Bastin 
 
Member and managing director Immobel Luxembourg 
Michaël Henn 
 
Member and managing director Immobel Germany 
Stephanie De Wilde(4)
 
Member and Head of Legal 
Rudi op ‘t Roodt(5)
 
Member and Chief Technical Officer Immobel Group 
Hans Van Audenaerde(6)
 
Member and Head of Acquisitions, Investments and 
Financial Advisory 
(1) As representative of A3 Management BV. 
(2) As representative of KB Financial Services BV 
(3) As representative of Adel Yahia Consult BV 
(4) As representative of Lady At Work BV 
(5) As representative of 2Build Consultancy BV 
(6) As representative of Audius BV 
The management teams 
The executive committee has established teams in each country that assist it in the practical implementation 
of the executive powers (the “Management Teams”). Their creation has been approved by the board of 
directors. The executive committee determines the assignment of the Management Teams, their composition 
and their responsibilities. These Management Teams are accountable for the exercise of their powers vis-à-
vis the executive committee.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Belgian management team is composed as follows: 
Name 
Function 
Adel Yahia(1)
Member 
Hans De Brouwer(2)
Member 
Alain Delvaulx 
Member  
Stephanie De Wilde(3)
Member 
Katrien Huygens(4)
Member 
Joëlle Micha(5)
Member 
Eric Schartz(6)
Member 
Wim Smekens(7)
Member 
Olivier Thiel(8)
Member 
Bruno Malbrancke(9)
Member 
Nicolas Laporta(10)
Member 
Valentine Van Malleghem 
Member 
(1) As representative of Adel Yahia Consult BV.  
(2) As representative of HBr Consult BV.  
(3) As representative of Lady at Work BV.  
(4) As representative of Amcam BV. 
(5) As representative of Jomi BV.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
(6) As representative of Dreams BV. 
(7) As representative of Zafferana BV. 
 
(8) As representative of Queen-K BV. 
(9) As representative of Coppin BV 
(10) As representative of Atropal BV 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Luxembourg management team is composed as follows: 
Name 
 
Function 
Olivier Bastin 
 
Member and chair 
Matthieu Godschaux 
 
Member 
Raffaele Lachetta 
 
Member 
Valérie Flaus 
 
Member 
Muriel Sam 
 
Member 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the French management team is composed as follows: 
Name 
 
Function 
Fabien Acerbis 
 
Member and chair 
Mathieu Chamard-Sablier 
 
Member 
Yves Eveillard 
 
Member 
Carole Felici 
 
Member 
Gérald Fruchtenreich 
 
Member 
Tarek Tassali 
 
Member 
Marie Sudre 
 
Member 
Sandrine Thiebaut 
 
Member 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Polish management team is composed as follows: 
Name 
 
Function 
Oliver Thiel(1)
 
Member and chair 
Marchin Charchut  
 
Member 
Adrzej Platek  
 
Member 
(1) As representative of Queen-K BV.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the German management team is composed as follows: 
Name 
 
Function 
Marnix Galle(1)
 
Member and chair 
Olivier Bastin  
 
Member 
Michael Henn  
 
Member 
(1) s representative of A3 Management BV 
Control department

--- Page 173 ---
173 
A control department has been established, tasked with monitoring the Issuer’s operations closely. All this 
information is processed by the CFO and the CEO, who report to the executive committee, the audit 
committee and ultimately the board of directors. 
Conflicts of interest 
Mr Marnix Galle (the Group’s majority shareholder, CEO and executive chairman) and Ms Michèle Sioen 
(Mr Galle’s spouse and non-executive director and member of the audit and risk committee) perform, through 
their respective management companies, various key (management) functions within the Group. Except for 
this particular situation, the Issuer is not aware of any potential conflicts of interests between any duties the 
directors have with respect to the Issuer and the private interests and/or other duties of the directors, nor 
between any duties the members of the executive committee have with respect to the Issuer and the private 
interests and/or other duties of the members of the executive committee.
Statutory auditors 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren/Réviseurs d’Entreprises, having its statutory seat at Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 
1K, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium and represented by Mr Filip De Bock (member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises/Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren) has audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren/Réviseurs d’Entreprises, having its statutory seat at Gateway building, 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1J, B-1930 Zaventem, Belgium and represented by Mr Kurt Dehoorne 
(member of the Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises/Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren), has audited and rendered 
unqualified audit reports on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
12.
Legal and arbitration proceedings 
The Issuer is not aware of any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings which are pending or threatened 
during the period of twelve months preceding the date of the Base Prospectus and which may have, or have 
had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the Group’s financial position or profitability.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
TAXATION 
The tax legislation in force in the jurisdiction of a potential investor, in the Issuer’s country of incorporation 
(i.e., Belgium) and in any other relevant jurisdiction may have an impact on the income which may be 
received from the Notes. The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force in Belgium 
as of the date of this Base Prospectus and are subject to any changes in law, potentially with a retroactive 
effect. The following overview does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax 
considerations which may be relevant to a decision to purchase, own or dispose of the Notes. Each 
prospective Noteholder or beneficial owner of Notes should consult its tax advisor as to the Belgian tax 
consequences of any investment in, or ownership and disposition of, the Notes or that of any other relevant 
jurisdiction. 
Belgian Taxation on the Notes 
The following is a general description of the main Belgian tax consequences of acquiring, holding, 
redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes. It is restricted to the matters of Belgian taxation stated herein and 
is intended neither as tax advice nor as a comprehensive description of all Belgian tax consequences 
associated with or resulting from any of the aforementioned transactions. Prospective investors are urged to 
consult their own tax advisors concerning the detailed and overall tax consequences of acquiring, holding, 
redeeming and/or disposing of the Notes, including under the laws of their countries of citizenship, residence, 
ordinary residence or domicile. 
The summary provided below is based on the information provided in this Base Prospectus and on Belgium’s 
tax laws, regulations, resolutions and other public rules with legal effect, and the interpretation thereof under 
published case law, all as in effect on the date of this Base Prospectus and with the exception of subsequent 
amendments with retroactive effect. 
Belgian Withholding Tax 
All payments by or on behalf of the Issuer of interest on the Notes are in principle subject to Belgian 
withholding tax on the gross amount of the interest, currently at the rate of 30 per cent. Both Belgian domestic 
tax law and applicable tax treaties may provide for lower or zero rates subject to certain conditions and 
formalities. 
In this regard, “interest” means (i) the periodic interest income, (ii) any amount paid by the Issuer in excess 
of the issue price (upon full or partial redemption whether or not on the maturity date, or upon purchase by 
the Issuer) and, (iii) in case of a realisation of Notes between two interest payment dates, the pro rata of 
accrued interest corresponding to the detention period. 
However, payments of interest and principal under the Notes by or on behalf of the Issuer may be made 
without deduction of withholding tax in respect of the Notes if and as long as at the moment of payment or 
attribution of interest they are held by certain eligible investors (the “Tax Eligible Investors”, see 
hereinafter) in an exempt securities account (an “X Account”) that has been opened with a financial 
institution that is a direct or indirect participant (a “Participant”) in the NBB Securities Settlement System. 
Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France 
and LuxCSD are directly or indirectly Participants for this purpose. 
Holding the Notes through the NBB Securities Settlement System enables Tax Eligible Investors to receive 
gross interest income on their Notes and to transfer Notes on a gross basis. 
Participants in the NBB Securities Settlement System must keep the Notes they hold for the account of Tax 
Eligible Investors on X-Accounts, and those they hold for the account of non-Tax Eligible Investors on a 
non-exempt securities account (“N-Account”). Payments of interest made through X-accounts are free of

--- Page 175 ---
175 
withholding tax; payments of interest made through N-Accounts are subject to a withholding tax of 30%, 
which the NBB deducts from the payment and pays over to the tax authorities. 
Tax Eligible Investors are those listed in article 4 of the Belgian Royal Decree of 26 May 1994 on the 
deduction of withholding tax (koninklijk besluit van 26 mei 1994 over de inhouding en de vergoeding van 
de roerende voorheffing/arrêté royal du 26 mai 1994 relatif à la perception et à la bonification du précompte 
mobilier) which include, inter alia: 
(i)
Belgian companies subject to Belgian corporate income tax as referred to in article 2, §1, 5°, b) of 
the Belgian code on income tax of 1992 (wetboek van de inkomenstenbelastingen 1992/code des 
impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “BITC1992”); 
(ii)
institutions, associations or companies specified in article 2, §3 of the law of 9 July 1975 on the 
control of insurance companies other than those referred to in (i) and (iii) subject to the application 
of article 262, 1° and 5° of the BITC1992. 
(iii)
state regulated institutions (parastatalen/institutions parastatales) for social security, or institutions 
which are assimilated therewith, provided for in article 105, 2º of the royal decree implementing the 
BITC 1992 (koninklijk besluit tot invoering van het wetboek inkomstenbelastingen 1992/arrêté royal 
d’exécution du code des impôts sur les revenus 1992, the “RD/BITC 1992”); 
(iv)
non-resident investors provided for in article 105, 5º of the RD/BITC 1992; 
(v)
investment funds, recognised in the framework of pension savings, provided for in article 115 of the 
RD/BITC 1992; 
(vi)
taxpayers provided for in article 227, 2º of the BITC 1992 which have used the income generating 
capital for the exercise of their professional activities in Belgium and which are subject to non-
resident income tax pursuant to article 233 of the BITC 1992; 
(vii)
the Belgian State in respect of investments which are exempt from withholding tax in accordance 
with article 265 of the BITC 1992; 
(viii)
investment funds governed by foreign law which are an indivisible estate managed by a management 
company for the account of the participants, provided the fund units are not offered publicly in 
Belgium or traded in Belgium; and 
(ix)
Belgian resident corporations, not provided for under (i) above, when their activities exclusively or 
principally consist of the granting of credits and loans. 
Tax Eligible Investors do not include, inter alia, Belgian resident investors who are individuals or non-profit 
making organisations, other than those mentioned under (ii) and (iii) above. 
Transfers of Notes between an X-Account and an N-Account may give rise to certain adjustment payments 
on account of withholding tax: 

A transfer from an N-Account (to an X-Account or N-Account) gives rise to the payment by the 
transferor non-Tax Eligible Investor to the NBB of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 

A transfer (from an X-Account or N-Account) to an N-Account gives rise to the refund by the NBB 
to the transferee non-Tax Eligible Investor of withholding tax on the accrued fraction of interest 
calculated from the last interest payment date up to the transfer date. 

Transfers of Notes between two X-Accounts do not give rise to any adjustment on account of 
withholding tax.

--- Page 176 ---
176 
Upon opening of an X Account for the holding of Notes, a Tax Eligible Investor is required to provide the 
Participant with a statement of its eligible status on a form approved by the Belgian Minister of Finance. 
There are no ongoing declaration requirements for Tax Eligible Investors save that they need to inform the 
Participants of any changes to the information contained in the statement of their tax eligible status. 
Participants are required to annually provide the NBB with listings of investors who have held an X Account 
during the preceding calendar year. 
An X Account may be opened with a Participant by an intermediary (an “Intermediary”) in respect of Notes 
that the Intermediary holds for the account of its clients (the “Beneficial Owners”), provided that each 
Beneficial Owner is a Tax Eligible Investor. In such a case, the Intermediary must deliver to the Participant 
a statement on a form approved by the Minister of Finance confirming that: (i) the Intermediary is itself a 
Tax Eligible Investor and (ii) the Beneficial Owners holding their Notes through it are also Tax Eligible 
Investors. The Beneficial Owner is also required to deliver a statement of its eligible status to the 
Intermediary. 
These identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in central securities depositaries as defined in 
Article 2, first paragraph, (1) of the Regulation (EU) N° 909/2014 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 23 July 2014 on improving securities settlement in the European Union and on central securities 
depositories and amending Directives 98/26/EC and 2014/65/EU and Regulation (EU) No 236/2012 
(“CSD”) as Participants to the Securities Settlement System (each, a “NBB-CSD”), provided that the 
relevant NBB-CSD only holds X-Accounts and that they are able to identify the Holders for whom they hold 
Notes in such account. For the identification requirements not to apply, it is furthermore required that the 
contracts which were concluded by the relevant NBB-CSD as Participants include the commitment that all 
their clients, holder of an account, are Eligible Investors. 
Hence, these identification requirements do not apply to Notes held in Euroclear, Clearstream, SIX SIS, 
Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto, Euroclear France or any other central securities 
depository as participants to the NBB Securities Settlement System, provided that (i) Euroclear, Clearstream, 
SIX SIS, Euronext Securities Milan, Euronext Securities Porto or Euroclear France only hold X-Accounts, 
(ii) they are able to identify the holders for whom they hold Notes in such account and (iii) the contractual 
rules agreed upon by these central securities depositaries include the contractual undertaking that their clients 
and account owners are all Tax Eligible Investors. 
In accordance with the NBB Securities Settlement System, a Noteholder who is withdrawing Notes from an 
X-Account will, following the payment of interest on those Notes, be entitled to claim an indemnity from 
the Belgian tax authorities of an amount equal to the withholding on the interest payable on the Notes from 
the last preceding Interest Payment Date until the date of withdrawal of the Notes from the NBB Securities 
Settlement System 
Belgian income tax 
(a)
Belgian resident individuals 
For natural persons who are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., who are subject to the Belgian 
personal income tax (personenbelasting/impôt des personnes physiques) and who hold the Notes as a 
private investment, payment of the 30% withholding tax fully discharges them from their personal 
income tax liability with respect to these interest payments. This means that they do not have to declare 
the interest obtained on the Notes in their personal income tax return, provided withholding tax was 
levied on these interest payments. 
Belgian resident individuals may nevertheless elect to declare interest in respect of the Notes in their 
personal income tax return. Where the beneficiary opts to declare them, interest payments will normally 
be taxed at a flat rate of 30% (or at the progressive personal tax rate taking into account the taxpayer’s

--- Page 177 ---
177 
other declared income, whichever is more beneficial). If the interest payment is declared, the 
withholding tax retained may be credited against the taxpayer’s personal income tax liability. 
Capital gains realised on the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, except if the capital 
gains are realised outside the scope of the management of one’s private estate (in which case they are 
taxed at a rate of 30% plus local municipal surcharges) or except to the extent they qualify as interest 
(as defined in the section “Belgian Withholding Tax”). Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the 
Notes held as a non-professional investment are in principle not tax deductible. 
Other tax rules apply to Belgian resident individuals who do not hold the Notes as a private investment 
(b)
Belgian resident companies 
Interest attributed or paid to corporations which are Belgian residents for tax purposes, i.e., which are 
subject to Belgian corporate income tax (vennootschapsbelasting/impôt des sociétés), as well as capital 
gains realised upon the disposal of Notes are taxable at the ordinary corporate income tax rate of 
currently 25 per cent. Provided certain conditions are met, small companies (as defined in Article 1:24, 
§ 1 to § 6 of the Belgian Companies and Associations Code) are taxable at the reduced corporate income 
tax rate of 20 per cent. for the first EUR 100,000 of their taxable base. Subject to certain conditions, 
the Belgian withholding tax paid, if any, may be credited against the corporate income tax and any 
excess may be refunded. Capital losses realised upon the disposal of the Notes are in principle tax 
deductible.
Other tax rules apply to investment companies within the meaning of Article 185bis of the Belgian 
Income Tax Code. 
(c)
Belgian legal entities 
For a Belgian resident legal entity subject to legal entities income tax (rechtspersonenbelasting/impôt 
des personnes morales), the withholding tax on interest will constitute the final tax in respect of such 
income. 
Belgian resident legal entities holding the notes in an N-Account will be subject to a withholding tax 
of currently 30% on interest payments. They do not have to declare the interest obtained on the Notes. 
Belgian resident legal entities that qualify as Tax Eligible Investors and therefore are eligible to hold 
their Notes in an X-Account must declare the interest and pay the applicable withholding tax to the 
Belgian Treasury, as no withholding tax will be levied on the payment of interest due to the fact that 
the Belgian legal entities hold the Notes through an X-Account with the NBB Securities Settlement 
System. 
Capital gains realised on the sale of the Notes are in principle tax exempt, unless the capital gains 
qualify as interest (as described in “Belgian Withholding Tax” above). Capital losses are in principle 
not tax deductible. 
(d)
Organisations for Financing Pensions 
Interest and capital gains derived by Organisations for Financing Pensions (Organismen voor de 
Financiering van Pensioenen/Organismes de Financement de Pensions) in the meaning of the Law of 
27 October 2006 on the activities and supervision of institutions for occupational retirement provision, 
are in principle exempt from Belgian corporate income tax. Capital losses are in principle not tax

--- Page 178 ---
178 
deductible. Subject to certain conditions, any Belgian withholding tax that has been levied can be 
credited against any corporate income tax due and any excess amount is in principle refundable.
(e)
Belgian non residents 
Non-residents who use the Notes to exercise a professional activity in Belgium through a permanent 
establishment are in principle subject to the same tax rules as the Belgian resident companies (see 
above). 
Noteholders who are not residents of Belgium for Belgian tax purposes and who are not holding the 
Notes through a permanent establishment in Belgium and do not invest the Notes in the course of their 
Belgian professional activity will not become liable for any Belgian tax on income or capital gains by 
reason only of the acquisition or disposal of the Notes, provided that they qualify as Tax Eligible 
Investors and that they hold their Notes in an X Account. 
Tax on stock exchange transactions 
No tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will 
be due on the issuance of the Notes (primary market transaction). 
A tax on stock exchange transactions (taks op de beursverrichtingen/taxe sur les opérations de bourse) will 
be levied on the acquisition and disposal of Notes on the secondary market if (i) entered into or carried out 
in Belgium through a professional intermediary or (ii) deemed to be carried out in Belgium, which is the 
case if the order is directly or indirectly made to a professional intermediary established outside of Belgium, 
either by private individuals with habitual residence (“residence habituelle”/”gewone verblijfplaats”) in 
Belgium, or legal entities for the account of their seat or establishment in Belgium (both referred to as a 
“Belgian Investor”). 
The tax is due at a rate of 0.12 per cent on each acquisition and disposal separately, with a maximum amount 
of Euro 1,300 per transaction and per party. 
A separate tax is due by each party to the transaction, and both taxes are collected by the professional 
intermediary. However, if the intermediary is established outside of Belgium, the tax on the stock exchange 
transactions will in principle be due by the Belgian Investor, unless the Belgian Investor can demonstrate 
that the tax on the stock exchange transactions has already been paid by the professional intermediary 
established outside of Belgium. In the latter case, the foreign professional intermediary also has to provide 
each client (which gives such intermediary an order) with a qualifying order statement (“bordereau”/ 
“borderel”), at the latest on the business day after the day the transaction concerned was realised. The 
qualifying order statements must be numbered in series and a duplicate must be retained by the professional 
intermediary. The duplicate can be replaced by a qualifying day-today listing, numbered in series. 
Professional intermediaries established outside Belgium could however appoint a stock exchange tax 
representative in Belgium, subject to certain conditions and formalities (“Stock Exchange Tax 
Representative”). In such case the Stock Exchange Tax Representative would then be liable towards the 
Belgian Treasury to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions and to comply with the reporting obligations 
in that respect and the obligations relating to the order statement (“bordereau”/”borderel”) in that respect. 
If such a Stock Exchange Tax Representative has paid the tax on stock exchange transactions, the Belgian 
Investor will, as per the above, no longer be required to pay the tax on stock exchange transactions. 
However the tax on stock exchange transactions will not be payable by exempt persons acting for their own 
account including investors who are not Belgian residents, provided they deliver an affidavit to the financial 
intermediary in Belgium confirming their non-resident status, and certain Belgian institutional investors as 
defined in Article 126.1, 2° of the code of miscellaneous duties and taxes (Wetboek diverse rechten en 
taksen/Code des droits et taxes divers).

--- Page 179 ---
179 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common financial transactions tax 
(the “FTT”). The proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating Member 
States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided 
in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of November 28, 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
For Belgium, the tax on stock exchange transactions should thus be abolished once the FTT enters into force. 
Since 2019, participating Member States are discussing a new FTT proposal. According to the latest draft of 
this new FTT proposal (submitted by the German government), the FTT would not apply to straight notes. 
The FTT proposal is still subject to negotiation between the participating Member States and therefore may 
be changed at any time. 
Annual tax on securities accounts 
The Belgian Federal Parliament enacted a new law introducing an annual tax on securities accounts on 
17 February 2021 (the “Law of 17 February 2021”). The Law of 17 February 2021 was published in the 
Belgian Official Gazette on 25 February 2021 and entered into force on 26 February 2021. The Law of 
17 February 2021 provides for the reinstatement of an indirect tax on securities accounts (the “Tax on 
Securities Accounts”) which applies to securities accounts held by resident individuals, companies and legal 
entities, irrespective as to whether these accounts are held, with a financial intermediary which is established 
or located in Belgium or abroad. The tax also applies to securities accounts held by non-resident individuals, 
companies and legal entities with a financial intermediary established or located in Belgium, and to non-
residents which hold one or more securities accounts through a Belgian establishment. Note that pursuant to 
certain double tax treaties, Belgium has no right to tax capital. Hence, to the extent the tax on securities 
accounts is viewed as a tax on capital within the meaning of these double tax treaties, treaty protection may, 
subject to certain conditions, be claimed. 
Belgian resident and non-resident individuals, companies and legal entities will be taxed at a rate of 0.15% 
on the average value of qualifying financial instruments held on one or more securities accounts during a 
reference period of 12 consecutive months (in principle) starting on 1 October and ending on 30 September 
of the subsequent year. The taxable base is determined based on four reference dates: 31 December, 31 
March, 30 June and 30 September. No Tax on Securities Accounts will be due provided the holder’s share 
in the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts amounts to less than EUR 
1,000,000. If, however, the holder’s share in the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on 
those accounts amounts to EUR 1,000,000 or more, the Tax on Securities Accounts will be due on the entire 
share of the holder in the average value of the qualifying financial instruments on those accounts (and, hence, 
not only on the part which exceeds the EUR 1,000,000 threshold). However, the amount of the Tax on 
Securities Accounts will be limited to 10% of the difference between the average value of the qualifying 
financial instruments on those accounts and EUR 1,000,000.  
The first reference period has started on 26 February 2021 and will end on 30 September 2021. The Law of 
17 February 2021 also provides for the inclusion of anti-abuse provisions, retroactively applying a from 
30 October 2020: a rebuttable general anti-abuse provision and two irrebuttable specific anti-abuse 
provisions. The latter covers the splitting of a securities account into multiple securities accounts held at the 
same intermediary and the conversion of taxable financial instruments held on a securities account, into 
registered financial instruments. 
There are various exemptions, such as securities accounts held by specific types of regulated entities for their 
own account. It is expected that the value of the Notes will have to be taken into account in determining the 
value of a securities account. 
Several requests for annulment of the law introducing the tax on securities accounts have been filed with the 
Constitutional Court. If the Constitutional Court were to annul the tax on securities accounts without 
upholding its effects, all taxpayers will be authorised to claim restitution of the tax already paid.

--- Page 180 ---
180 
Prospective advisors are strongly advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the Tax on 
Securities Accounts and to follow on further developments relating thereto. 
Common reporting standard 
Following recent international developments, the exchange of information is governed by the Common 
Reporting Standard (“CRS”). On 31 January 2022, the total of jurisdictions that have signed the multilateral 
competent authority agreement (“MCAA”) amounts to 110. The MCAA is a multilateral framework 
agreement to automatically exchange financial and personal information, with the subsequent bilateral 
exchanges coming into effect between those signatories that file the subsequent notifications. 
49 jurisdictions, including Belgium, have committed to a specific and ambitious timetable leading to the first 
automatic information exchanges in 2017, relating to income year 2016. More than 50 jurisdictions have 
committed to exchange information as from 2018, one jurisdiction as from 2019 and 6 jurisdictions as from 
2020. 
Under CRS, financial institutions resident in a CRS country are required to report, according to a due 
diligence standard, financial information with respect to reportable accounts, which includes interest, 
dividends, account balance or value, income from certain insurance products, sales proceeds from financial 
assets and other income generated with respect to assets held in the account or payments made with respect 
to the account. Reportable accounts include accounts held by individuals and entities (which includes trusts 
and foundations) with fiscal residence in another CRS country. The standard includes a requirement to look 
through passive entities to report on the relevant controlling persons. 
On 9 December 2014, EU Member States adopted Directive 2014/107/EU on administrative cooperation in 
direct taxation (“DAC2”), which provides for mandatory automatic exchange of financial information as 
foreseen in CRS. DAC2 amends the previous Directive on administrative cooperation in direct taxation, 
Directive 2011/16/EU. 
The Belgian government has implemented said Directive 2014/107/EU, respectively the Common Reporting 
Standard, per the Law of 16 December 2015 regarding the exchange of information on financial accounts by 
Belgian financial institutions and by the Belgian tax administration, in the context of an automatic exchange 
of information on an international level and for tax purposes. 
The Notes are subject to DAC2 and to the Law of 16 December 2015. Under DAC2 and the Law of 16 
December 2015, Belgian financial institutions holding the Notes for tax residents in another CRS contracting 
state shall report financial information regarding the Notes (e.g., in relation to income and gross proceeds) 
to the Belgian competent authority, who shall communicate the information to the competent authority of 
the state of the tax residence of the beneficial owner. 
As a result of the Law of 16 December 2015, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies in 
Belgium (i) as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2017) towards the EU Member States 
(including Austria, irrespective the fact that the automatic exchange of information by Austria towards other 
EU Member States is only foreseen as of income year 2017), (ii) as of income year 2014 (first information 
exchange in 2016) towards the US and (iii), with respect to any other non-EU States that have signed the 
MCAA, as of the respective date as determined by the Royal Decree of 14 June 2017, as amended. The Royal 
Decree provides that (i) for a first list of 18 countries, the mandatory automatic exchange of information 
applies as of income year 2016 (first information exchange in 2016), (ii) for a second list of 44 countries, the 
mandatory automatic exchange of information applies as of income year 2017 (first information exchange 
in 2018), (iii) for one country, the mandatory automatic exchange of information applies as of income year 
2018 (first information exchange in 2019), and (iv) for six countries, the mandatory automatic exchange of 
information applies as of income year 2019 (first information exchange in 2020). 
Investors who are in any doubt as to their position should consult their professional advisers.

--- Page 181 ---
181 
Financial Transaction Tax (FTT) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the Commission’s Proposal) for a 
Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). In December 2015, Estonia withdrew from 
the group of states willing to introduce the FTT. 
The Commission’s Proposal currently stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the participating 
Member States shall not maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT 
as provided in the Council Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value 
added tax). 
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the 
Notes (including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of 
Notes should, however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where 
at least one party is a financial institution (or a financial institution is acting in the name of a party) established 
in a Member State (or deemed to be so), and at least one party is established (or deemed to be so) in a 
participating Member State. A financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a 
participating Member State in a broad range of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person 
established in a participating Member State or (b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the 
dealings is issued in a participating Member State. 
In 2019, Finance Ministers of the Member States participating in the enhanced cooperation indicated that 
they were discussing a new FTT proposal based on the French model of the tax and the possible mutualisation 
of the tax as a contribution to the EU budget. According to the latest draft of this new FTT proposal 
(submitted by the German government), the FTT would be levied at a rate of at least 0.2 per cent. of the 
consideration for the acquisition of ownership of shares (including ordinary and any preference shares) 
admitted to trading on a trading venue or a similar third country venue, or of other securities equivalent to 
such shares (“Financial Instruments”) or similar transactions (e.g., an acquisition of Financial Instruments 
by means of an exchange of Financial Instruments or by means of a physical settlement of a derivative). 
Only transactions with Financial Instruments that have been issued by a company, partnership or other entity 
whose registered office is established within one of the Participating Member States and with a market 
capitalisation of at least EUR 1 billion on 1 December of the year preceding the respective transaction would 
be covered. The FTT would be payable to the Participating Member State in whose territory the issuer of a 
Financial Instrument has established its registered office. According to the latest draft of the new FTT 
proposal, the FTT would not apply to straight notes. Like the Draft Directive, the latest draft of the new FTT 
proposal also stipulates that once the FTT enters into force, the Participating Member States shall not 
maintain or introduce taxes on financial transactions other than the FTT (or VAT as provided in the Council 
Directive 2006/112/EC of 28 November 2006 on the common system of value added tax). 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States. 
Therefore, it may be altered prior to any implementation, the timing of which also remains unclear. 
Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. 
Prospective holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such Programme Agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”) dated on or about the date of this Base 
Prospectus, agreed with the Issuer a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to 
purchase Notes. Any such agreement will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and 
“Terms and Conditions of the Notes”. In the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the 
Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the establishment and any future update of the 
Programme and the issue of Notes under the Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain 
liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) in respect of any Notes 
specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, 
that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available 
any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the 
Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement in relation thereto to any Retail Investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and 
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) specifies 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as “Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the 
EEA, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation 
thereto to the public in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in 
that Member State: 
(A) if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made 
other than pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Member State (a 
“Non-exempt Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such 
Notes which has been approved by the competent authority in that Member State or, where 
appropriate, approved in another Member State and notified to the competent authority in 
that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed 
by final terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus

--- Page 183 ---
183 
or final terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(B)
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(C)
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation) subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant 
Dealer(s) nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(D) at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus 
Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (B) to (D) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant 
to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any Notes 
in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes. 
Prohibition of sales to consumers 
Other than in respect of Notes for which the “Prohibition of Sales to Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms (or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes), each Dealer 
has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be advertised to any individual qualifying as a 
consumer (consument/consommateur) within the meaning of Article I.1 of the Belgian Code of Economic 
Law (Wetboek van economisch recht/Code de droit économique), as amended from time to time (a 
“Consumer”) and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, 
resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or 
indirectly, to any Consumer. 
UK 
1.
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer represents and agrees that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms or, as the case may be, the Pricing Supplement in relation thereto 
to any UK Retail Investor in the UK. For the purposes of this provision:
(a)
the expression “UK Retail Investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA 2000 and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA 2000 to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would 
not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; and

--- Page 184 ---
184 
(b)
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
2.
Other regulatory requirements 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA 2000 by the Issuer;
(b)
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA 2000) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA 2000 does not apply to the Issuer; and
(c)
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA 2000 with respect to 
anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of 
Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the “FIEA”) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer 
or sell any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (which 
term as used herein means any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised 
under the laws of Japan), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the 
benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and 
otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines 
of Japan. 
France 
Each of the Dealers and the Issuer has represented and agreed that it has only offered or sold and will only 
offer or sell, directly or indirectly, any Notes in France to, and has only distributed or caused to be distributed 
and will only distribute or cause to be distributed in France, this Base Prospectus, the applicable Final Terms 
(or Pricing Supplement, in the case of Exempt Notes) or any other offering material relating to the Notes to 
qualified investors as defined in Article 2(e) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
United States 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any 
state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States, except 
in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 
Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
Treasury regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. TEFRA is not applicable.

--- Page 185 ---
185 
Accordingly, the Notes are being offered and sold only outside the United States in offshore transactions in 
reliance on, and in compliance with, Regulation S. 
Until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of such Notes 
within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from registration under the Securities Act. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree 
that it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations 
in force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes 
this Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, 
offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is 
subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the 
other Dealers shall have any responsibility therefor. 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption 
available thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by a resolution 
of the Board of Directors of the Issuer dated 8 June 2022. 
Listing of Notes 
Application has been made to Euronext Brussels for Notes issued under the Programme to be listed and 
admitted to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Brussels. The regulated market of Euronext Brussels 
is a regulated market for the purposes of MiFID II.  
Documents Available 
For the period of twelve months following the date of this Base Prospectus (and, in relation to (d) below, for 
a duration of at least ten years as of its date of publication), copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available for inspection on the website of the Issuer: 
(a)
the articles of association of the Issuer (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/texte-
coordonne-des-statuts);
(b)
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 
31 December 2021 and 31 December 2020 (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/annual-report-2021 
and https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/annual-report-2020 respectively);
(c)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to a Note which is not admitted to trading on a 
regulated market within the EEA will only be available for inspection by a holder of such Note and 
such holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the Agent as to its holding of the 
Notes and identity) (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/bond-issues); and 
(d)
a copy of this Base Prospectus, including any supplement to this Base Prospectus or any further Base 
Prospectus (https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/bond-issues). 
Settlement  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the address of the National Bank of Belgium (i.e., the operator of the 
NBB Securities Settlement System) is Boulevard de Berlaimont 14, B-1000 Brussels, Belgium and the 
address of the operator of any alternative securities settlement system will be specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of 
the relevant Issue Price, the coupon rate and the redemption price. The yield indicated will be calculated as 
the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield.  
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or the financial position of the Group 
since 31 December 2021 and there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 
31 December 2021.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
Litigation 
The Issuer is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including 
any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) in the twelve months 
preceding the date of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had significant effects on 
the financial position or profitability of the Issuer or the Group. 
Auditors 
KPMG Bedrijfsrevisoren/Réviseurs d’Entreprises, having its statutory seat at Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 
1K, 1930 Zaventem, Belgium and represented by Mr Filip De Bock (member of the Institut des Réviseurs 
d’Entreprises/Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren) has audited and rendered an unqualified audit report on the 
audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year ended 31 December 2021. 
Deloitte Bedrijfsrevisoren / Réviseurs d’Entreprises, having its statutory seat at Gateway building, 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1J, B-1930 Zaventem, Belgium and represented by Mr Kurt Dehoorne 
(member of the Institut des Réviseurs d’Entreprises/Instituut van Bedrijfsrevisoren), has audited and rendered 
unqualified audit report on the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2020. 
Information from third parties 
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from a third party, this information has been 
accurately reproduced and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published 
by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or 
misleading. The source of the information is identified where used. 
Dealers transacting with the Issuer 
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services for the Issuer and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO NON-EXEMPT OFFERS OF NOTES 
Restrictions on Non-exempt Offers of Notes in relevant Member States 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Non-exempt Offers of Notes in each Member 
State in relation to which the Issuer has given its consent, as specified in the applicable Final Terms (each 
specified Member State a “Non-exempt Offer Jurisdiction” and together the “Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions”). Any person making or intending to make a Non-exempt Offer of Notes on the basis of this 
Base Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus as provided 
under “Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation” below and provided 
such person complies with the conditions attached to that consent. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5(1) of the Prospectus Regulation 
In the context of a Non-exempt Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in each of the Non-exempt 
Offer Jurisdictions, for the content of this Base Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who 
purchases any Notes in a Non-exempt Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), 
where that offer is made during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms and provided that 
the conditions attached to the giving of consent for the use of this Base Prospectus are complied with. The 
consent and conditions attached to it are set out under “Consent” and “Common Conditions to Consent” 
below. 
None of the Issuer or any Dealer makes any representation as to the compliance by an Authorised Offeror 
with any applicable conduct of business rules or other applicable regulatory or securities law requirements 
in relation to any Non-exempt Offer and none of the Issuer or any Dealer has any responsibility or liability 
for the actions of that Authorised Offeror. 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any Non-
exempt Offer by any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of this Base Prospectus by any 
other person in connection with any Non-exempt Offer of Notes. Any Non-exempt Offer made without 
the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any 
Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation to such offer or for the actions of the persons 
making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the context of a Non-exempt Offer, an Investor is offered Notes 
by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check with that person whether anyone 
is responsible for this Base Prospectus for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer and, if so, who 
that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on this Base Prospectus and/or who is 
responsible for its contents it should take legal advice. 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (a)(ii), (a)(iii) and (b) below are together referred to as 
the “Authorised Offerors” and each as an “Authorised Offeror”. 
Consent 
In connection with each Non-Exempt Offer of a Tranche of Notes and subject to the conditions set out below 
under “Common Conditions to Consent”: 
Specific Consent 
(a)
the Issuer consents to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if 
applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of such Notes in the Non-exempt Offer 
Jurisdictions specified in the applicable Final Terms during the Offer Period specified in the 
applicable Final Terms by: 
(i)
the relevant Dealer(s) or Manager(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(ii)
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and

--- Page 189 ---
189 
(iii) any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and 
whose 
name 
is 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
(https://www.immobelgroup.com/en/publications/update-emtn-programme-2019) 
and 
identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Non-exempt Offer; and 
General Consent 
(a)
if (and only if) Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”, the 
Issuer hereby offers to grant its consent to the use of this Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the 
relevant time, if applicable) in connection with a Non-exempt Offer of Notes by any other financial 
intermediary which satisfies the following conditions: 
(i)
it is authorised to make such offers under applicable legislation implementing MiFID II; and 
(ii)
it accepts the Issuer’s offer to grant consent to the use of this Base Prospectus by publishing on 
its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly completed) 
(the “Acceptance Statement”): 
“We, [insert legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [insert title of relevant 
Notes] (the “Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [insert date] (the “Final Terms”) 
published by Immobel SA (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its 
consent to our use of the Base Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with 
the offer of the Notes in [specify Member State(s)] during the Offer Period and subject to the 
other conditions to such consent, each as specified in the Base Prospectus and in the 
applicable Final Terms (if any), we hereby accept the offer by the Issuer in accordance with 
the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the Base Prospectus) and confirm that we are 
authorised under Directive 2014/65/EU to make, and are using the Base Prospectus in 
connection with, the Non-exempt Offer accordingly. Terms used herein and otherwise not 
defined shall have the meaning as given to such terms in the Base Prospectus.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial 
intermediary agrees in connection with using this Base Prospectus, are that the relevant 
financial intermediary: 
(A) will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer: 
(1)
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable 
laws, rules, regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the 
“Rules”) from time to time including, without limitation and in each case, Rules 
relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any investment in the Notes by 
any person and disclosure to any potential investor; 
(2)
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base 
Prospectus which would apply as if the relevant financial intermediary were a Dealer 
and consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution 
channels identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(3)
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) or rebate 
received or paid by the relevant financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale 
of the Notes does not violate the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is 
fully and clearly disclosed to investors or potential investors; 
(4)
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with 
solicitation of interest in, or offers or sales of, the Notes under the Rules;

--- Page 190 ---
190 
(5)
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and 
“know your client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in 
compliance with such Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential 
investor prior to initial investment in any Notes by the investor), and will not permit 
any application for Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any 
suspicion as to the source of the application monies; 
(6)
retain investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under 
applicable Rules, and shall, if so requested, and to the extent permitted by the Rules 
make such records available to the relevant Dealer, the Issuer or directly to the 
appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer in 
order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, as the case may be; 
(7)
ensure that it does not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
to breach any Rule or subject the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to 
obtain or make any filing, authorisation or consent in any jurisdiction; 
(8)
immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware, 
or suspects, that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this 
paragraph (A) and take all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply 
with such Rules and this paragraph (A) in all respects; 
(9)
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to 
consent” below and any further requirements or other Authorised Offeror Terms 
relevant to the Non-exempt Offer as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(10) make available to each potential Investor in the Notes this Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and 
any applicable information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not 
convey or publish any information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with 
this Base Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms; 
(11) if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than this Base Prospectus or any 
other materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer 
for the purposes of the relevant Non-exempt Offer) in connection with the relevant 
Non-exempt Offer, it will ensure that such communication (A) is fair, clear and not 
misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that such financial intermediary 
has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that such financial 
intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and 
(C) does not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as 
applicable), use the legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or 
any other name, brand or logo registered by an entity within their respective groups 
or any material over which any such entity retains a proprietary interest, except to 
describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Notes on the basis set out in, and not 
inconsistent with, this Base Prospectus; 
(12) ensure that no holder of Notes or potential investor in Notes shall become an indirect 
or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of any applicable 
Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created by

--- Page 191 ---
191 
the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(13) co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing relevant information 
(including, without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to 
paragraph (6) above) and such further assistance as is reasonably requested upon 
written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer in each case, as soon as is 
reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by any such 
regulator or regulatory process. For this purpose, relevant information is information 
that is available to, or can be acquired by, the relevant financial intermediary: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by any regulator in relation to 
the Notes, the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and/or 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised 
Offeror including, without limitation, complaints as defined in the Rules; 
and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to 
time in relation to the Notes and/or to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
fully to comply with its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements; 
(14) during the period of the initial offering of the Notes: (i) only sell the Notes at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless otherwise agreed with the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer); (ii) only sell the Notes for settlement on the Issue Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-distributors (unless 
otherwise agreed with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or 
remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering 
or sale of the Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and 
(v) comply with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and 
specified by the relevant Dealer; and 
(15) either (i) obtain from each potential investor an executed application for the Notes, 
or (ii) keep a record of all requests the relevant financial intermediary (x) makes for 
its discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and 
(z) receives from its execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order 
for the Notes on their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so 
long as is required by any applicable Rules; 
(B)
agrees and undertakes to each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer that if it or any of its 
respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons (each a 
“Relevant Party”) incurs any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions 
or demands (including reasonable costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and 
counsel’s fees and disbursements associated with any such investigation or defence) (a 
“Loss”) arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the 
foregoing agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by the relevant financial 
intermediary, including (without limitation) any unauthorised action by the relevant 
financial intermediary or failure by it to observe any of the above restrictions or 
requirements or the making by it of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use 
by it of any information which has not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or 
the relevant Dealer, the relevant financial intermediary shall pay to the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer, as the case may be, an amount equal to the Loss. None of the Issuer nor

--- Page 192 ---
192 
any Dealer shall have any duty or obligation, whether as fiduciary or trustee for any 
Relevant Party or otherwise, to recover any such payment or to account to any other person 
for any amounts paid to it under this provision; and 
(C)
agrees and accepts that: 
(1)
the contract between the Issuer and the relevant financial intermediary formed upon 
acceptance by the relevant financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use this Base 
Prospectus with its consent in connection with the relevant Non-exempt Offer (the 
“Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-contractual obligations arising out of 
or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall be governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, Belgian law; 
(2)
subject to (C)(4) below, the Brussels courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any 
dispute arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract 
(including any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract) (a “Dispute”) and the Issuer and 
the relevant financial intermediary submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Brussels 
courts; 
(3)
for the purposes of (C)(2) and (4), the relevant financial intermediary waives any 
objection to the Brussels courts on the grounds that they are an inconvenient or 
inappropriate forum to settle any dispute; 
(4)
to the extent allowed by law, the Issuer and each relevant Dealer may, in respect of 
any Dispute or Disputes, take (i) proceedings in any other court with jurisdiction and 
(ii) concurrent proceedings in any number of jurisdictions; and 
(5)
each relevant Dealer will be entitled to enforce those provisions of the Authorised 
Offeror Contract which are, or are expressed to be, for their benefit, including the 
agreements, representations, warranties, undertakings and indemnity given by the 
financial intermediary pursuant to the Authorised Offeror Terms. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (B) above who meets the conditions set out in 
paragraph (B) and the other conditions stated in “Common Conditions to Consent” below and who 
wishes to use this Base Prospectus in connection with a Non-exempt Offer is required, for the duration 
of the relevant Offer Period, to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
Common Conditions to Consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent to the use of this Base Prospectus in the context of the relevant Non-
exempt Offer are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (B) above if Part B of the applicable 
Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
(a)
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
only extends to the use of this Base Prospectus to make Non-exempt Offers of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes in the Member States as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The consent referred to above only relates to Offer Periods (if any) occurring within twelve months from the 
date of this Base Prospectus. 
Accordingly, each Tranche of Notes may only be offered to Investors as part of a Non-exempt Offer in the 
Non-exempt Offer Jurisdictions as specified in the applicable Final Terms or otherwise in circumstances in 
which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer 
and to investors to whom it is not unlawful to make the offer.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO PURCHASE OR PURCHASING ANY NOTES IN A NON-
EXEMPT OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL DO SO, AND NON-EXEMPT 
OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NOTES TO AN INVESTOR BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR 
WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE OFFER 
IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH INVESTOR INCLUDING 
ARRANGEMENTS 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
PRICE, 
ALLOCATIONS, 
EXPENSES 
AND 
SETTLEMENT. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE NON-EXEMPT OFFER OR SALE OF 
THE NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL 
TERMS 
WILL 
NOT 
CONTAIN 
SUCH 
INFORMATION. 
THE 
RELEVANT 
INFORMATION WILL BE PROVIDED BY THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF 
SUCH NON-EXEMPT OFFER. NONE OF THE ISSUER OR, FOR THE AVOIDANCE OF DOUBT, 
ANY DEALER HAS ANY RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT 
OF THE INFORMATION DESCRIBED ABOVE. 
Save as provided above, neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do they authorise, the making 
of any Non-exempt Offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer 
to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer.

--- Page 194 ---
194 
ISSUER 
Immobel SA 
Boulevard Anspach 1 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
CO-ARRANGERS 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
DEALERS  
Bank Degroof Petercam SA/NV 
Rue de l’Industrie 44 
1040 Brussels 
Belgium  
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
BNP Paribas Fortis SA/NV 
Warandeberg 3 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
KBC Bank NV 
Havenlaan 2 
1080 Brussels 
Belgium 
AGENT 
Belfius Bank SA/NV 
Place Charles Rogier 11 
1210 Brussels 
Belgium 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer as to Belgian law 
Linklaters LLP 
Rue Brederode 13 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium 
To the Dealers as to Belgian law 
Jones Day
Rue de la Régence 4 
1000 Brussels 
Belgium
AUDITORS 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2021
KPMG 
Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1K 
1930 Zaventem 
Belgium 
For the financial year ended 31 December 2020
Deloitte 
Gateway building, Luchthaven Brussel Nationaal 1J
B-1930 Zaventem 
Belgium