--- Page 1 ---
Qifineor
Base Prospectus 5 February 2025 
 
  
This document constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes of Art. 8(1) of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017, as amended, (the Prospectus Regulation) in respect of 
non-equity securities within the meaning of Art. 2 (c) of the Prospectus Regulation (Non-Equity Securities) of 
Infineon Technologies AG (the Prospectus). 
 
 
 
Infineon Technologies AG 
(Neubiberg, Federal Republic of Germany) 
as Issuer 
EUR 8,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
(the Programme) 
This Prospectus has been approved by the Luxembourg Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) 
as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The CSSF only approves this Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval 
should not be considered as an endorsement of the issuer or of the quality of the notes issued under the Programme 
(the Notes) that are the subject of this Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability 
of investing in the Notes.  
The Issuer has requested the CSSF in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation and the 
Luxembourg act relating to prospectuses for securities dated 16 July 2019 (Loi du 16 juillet 2019 relative aux 
prospectus pour valeurs mobilières – the Luxembourg Law) to provide the competent authority in the Federal 
Republic of Germany (Germany) with a certificate of approval attesting that the Prospectus has been drawn up in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (Notification). The Issuer may request the CSSF to provide competent 
authorities in additional Member States within the European Economic Area with a Notification. By approving a 
prospectus, the CSSF shall give no undertaking as to the economic and financial soundness of the operation or the 
quality or solvency of the issuer pursuant to article 6(4) Luxembourg Law. 
Application has been made to list Notes on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to admit Notes 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market "Bourse de Luxembourg". The Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange's regulated market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended MiFID II). However, Notes may also be issued under the Programme which are listed on 
a stock exchange other than the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or which are not listed on any stock exchange. 
Arranger 
Deutsche Bank 
Dealers 
Bank of China 
BayernLB 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
Citigroup 
Commerzbank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
DZ BANK AG 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE  
ING 
J.P. Morgan 
Mizuho 
UniCredit  
 
 
This Prospectus and any supplement to this Prospectus will be published in electronic form together with all 
documents incorporated by reference on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). It 
replaces the base prospectus of the Issuer relating to the Programme dated 7 February 2024. It is valid for a period 
of twelve months from its date of approval. The validity ends upon expiration of 5 February 2026.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
The obligation to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation in the event 
of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Prospectus is no longer 
valid. 
RESPONSIBILITY STATEMENT 
Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon, the Company or the Issuer) with its registered office in Neubiberg, Germany 
accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Prospectus and for the information which will be 
contained in the Final Terms (as defined herein). 
The Issuer hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case, the information 
contained in this Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import.  
CERTAIN DEFINED TERMS 
The terms Infineon Group and Group as used in this prospectus refer to Infineon Technologies AG and its 
consolidated subsidiaries.  
NOTICE 
This Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement hereto and with any other 
documents incorporated herein by reference and, in relation to any tranche of Notes (each a Tranche), together with 
the relevant final terms (the Final Terms). Full information on the Issuer and any Tranche is only available on the 
basis of the combination of the Prospectus and the relevant Final Terms.  
The Issuer has confirmed to the Dealers (as defined herein) that this Prospectus contains all information with regard 
to the Issuer and the Notes which is material in the context of the Programme and the issue and offering of Notes 
thereunder; that the information contained herein with respect to the Issuer and the Notes is accurate and complete 
in all material respects and is not misleading; that any opinions and intentions expressed herein are honestly held and 
based on reasonable assumptions; that there are no other facts with respect to the Issuer or the Notes, the omission 
of which would make this Prospectus as a whole or any of such information or the expression of any such opinions 
or intentions misleading; that the Issuer has made all reasonable enquiries to ascertain all facts material for the 
purposes aforesaid. 
This Prospectus is valid for 12 months following its date of approval and this Prospectus and any supplement hereto 
as well as any Final Terms reflect the status as of their respective dates of issue. The delivery of this Prospectus, any 
supplement thereto, or any Final Terms and the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes may not be taken as an 
implication that the information contained in such documents is accurate and complete subsequent to their respective 
dates of issue or that there has been no adverse change in the financial situation of the Issuer since such date or that 
any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is accurate at any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. 
The Issuer has undertaken with the Dealers to supplement this Prospectus in accordance with the Prospectus 
Regulation or publish a new prospectus in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy relating to the information included in this Prospectus in respect of Notes issued on the basis of this 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of the Notes and which arises or is noted between the time 
when this Prospectus has been approved and the closing of any tranche of Notes offered to the public or, as the case 
may be, when trading of any tranche of Notes on a regulated market begins in respect of Notes issued on the basis of 
this Prospectus. 
No person has been authorised to give any information which is not contained in or not consistent with this Prospectus 
or any other document entered into in relation to the Programme or any information supplied by the Issuer or any 
other information in the public domain and, if given or made, such information must not be relied upon as having 
been authorised by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Prospectus, excluding the Issuer, is 
responsible for the information contained in this Prospectus or any supplement hereto, or any Final Terms or any 
document incorporated herein by reference, and accordingly, and to the extent permitted by the laws of any relevant 
jurisdiction, none of these persons accepts any responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of the information 
contained in any of these documents.  
The distribution of this Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of Notes in certain 
jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Prospectus or any Final Terms come are 
required to inform themselves about and observe any such restrictions. For a description of the restrictions applicable 
in the United States of America (United States or U.S.), the European Economic Area in general, the United 
Kingdom, the Netherlands, Luxembourg, and Japan and Ireland see "11.4 Selling Restrictions". In particular, the 
Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities 
Act), and include notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, 
Notes may not be offered, sold or delivered in, into nor within the United States or to U.S. persons. 
MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the 
Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MiFID Product Governance 
Rules. Infineon is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any Distributor should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the UK Financial Conduct Authority 
(FCA) Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or 
refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of 
the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. Furthermore, Infineon is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in 
respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic 
Area", the relevant Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these 
purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. If the above 
mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) 
No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
UK PRIIPS REGULATION / PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms 
in respect of any Notes include a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom", 
the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland (the 
UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of 
article 2 (1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a 
qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. If the 
above mentioned legend is included in the relevant Final Terms no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as amended as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be 
unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
CANADIAN INVESTORS – The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, 
as principal that are accredited investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or 
subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-
103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be 
made in accordance with an exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of 
applicable securities laws. Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser 
with remedies for rescission or damages if this Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a 
misrepresentation, provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the 
time limit prescribed by the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory. The purchaser should refer 
to any applicable provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser's province or territory for particulars of 
these rights or consult with a legal advisor. In relation to offers of Notes in the province of Alberta, British Columbia 
or Ontario only, the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with this offering. 
SINGAPORE SFA PRODUCT CLASSIFICATION – In connection with Section 309B of the Securities and 
Futures Act 2001 of Singapore (the SFA) and the Securities and Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 
2018 of Singapore (the CMP Regulations 2018), unless otherwise specified before an offer of any Notes, the Issuer 
has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant persons (as defined in Section 309A(1) of the SFA), that any Notes 
are 'prescribed capital markets products' (as defined in the CMP Regulations 2018) and Excluded Investment 
Products (as defined in MAS Notice SFA 04-N12: Notice on the Sale of Investment Products and MAS Notice FAA-
N16: Notice on Recommendations on Investment Products). 
The language of the Prospectus is English. Any part of this Prospectus in the German language constitutes a 
translation. In respect of the issue of any Tranche of Notes under the Programme, the German text of the Terms and 
Conditions may be controlling and binding if so specified in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
This Prospectus may only be used for the purpose for which it has been published. 
This Prospectus and any Final Terms may not be used for the purpose of an offer or solicitation by anyone in 
any jurisdiction in which such offer or solicitation is not authorised or to any person to whom it is unlawful to 
make such an offer or solicitation. 
This Prospectus, any supplement thereto and any Final Terms do not constitute an offer or an invitation to 
subscribe for or purchase any Notes. 
IN CONNECTION WITH THE ISSUE OF ANY TRANCHE OF NOTES UNDER THE PROGRAMME, 
THE DEALER OR DEALERS (IF ANY) NAMED AS STABILISATION MANAGER(S) (OR PERSONS 
ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN THE APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
MAY OVER-ALLOT NOTES OR EFFECT TRANSACTIONS WITH A VIEW TO SUPPORTING THE 
MARKET PRICE OF THE NOTES AT A LEVEL HIGHER THAN THAT WHICH MIGHT OTHERWISE 
PREVAIL. HOWEVER, STABILISATION MAY NOT NECESSARILY OCCUR. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION MAY BEGIN ON OR AFTER THE DATE ON WHICH ADEQUATE PUBLIC DISCLOSURE OF 
THE TERMS OF THE OFFER OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES IS MADE AND, IF BEGUN, 
MAY CEASE AT ANY TIME, BUT IT MUST END NO LATER THAN THE EARLIER OF 30 DAYS 
AFTER THE ISSUE DATE OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES AND 60 DAYS AFTER THE 
DATE OF THE ALLOTMENT OF THE RELEVANT TRANCHE OF NOTES. ANY STABILISATION 
ACTION OR OVER-ALLOTMENT MUST BE CONDUCTED BY THE RELEVANT STABILISATION 
MANAGER(S) (OR PERSON(S) ACTING ON BEHALF OF ANY STABILISATION MANAGER(S)) IN 
ACCORDANCE WITH ALL APPLICABLE LAWS AND RULES. 
ANY U.S. PERSON WHO HOLDS AN OBLIGATION UNDER THIS PROGRAMME THAT IS TREATED 
AS IN BEARER FORM FOR U.S. FEDERAL INCOME TAX PURPOSES WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE U.S. INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS PROVIDED 
IN CLAUSES 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE U.S. INTERNAL REVENUE CODE OF 1986, AS AMENDED.  
BENCHMARKS 
REGULATION 
- 
STATEMENT 
IN 
RELATION 
TO 
ADMINISTRATOR'S 
REGISTRATION – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes offered on the basis of this Prospectus may specify 
that amounts payable under the relevant Notes may be calculated by reference to the Euro Interbank Offered Rate 
(EURIBOR), which as at the date of this Prospectus is provided by European Money Markets Institute (EMMI), the 
Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) which is provided by the European Central Bank (the ECB), the Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate (SOFR) which is provided by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (the Federal Reserve), or the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) which is provided by the Bank of England (the BoE). As at the date of 
this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016, as amended (the Benchmarks Regulation). The registration 
status of any administrator under the Benchmarks Regulation is a matter of public record and save where required 
by applicable law the Issuer does not intend to include in the relevant Final Terms any information on the registration 
status of any administrator. Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the €STR, 
SONIA and SOFR are administered by the ECB, BoE and the Federal Reserve, respectively, €STR, SONIA and 
SOFR do not fall within the scope of the Benchmarks Regulation as of the date of this Prospectus. 
In this Prospectus, all references to euro, EUR or € are to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of the 
European economic and monetary union, and defined in Article 2 of Council Regulation (EC) No 974/98 of 3 May 
1998, on the introduction of the euro, as amended. U.S. dollars, USD or $ refer to the lawful currency of the United 
States. JPY (Japanese Yen) refers to the official currency of Japan. MYR (Malaysian Ringgit) refers to the official 
currency of Malaysia. SGD (Singapore Dollar) refers to the official currency of the Republic of Singapore. 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating and the respective rating 
agency will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and 
may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
To the extent not otherwise indicated, the information contained in this Prospectus on the market environment, 
market developments, growth rates, market trends and competition in the markets in which the Group operates is 
taken from publicly available sources, including, but not limited to, third-party studies or the Group's own estimates 
that are also primarily based on data or figures from publicly available sources. The information from third-party 
sources that is cited here has been reproduced accurately. As far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
information published by such third-party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information published inaccurate or misleading. 
This Prospectus also contains estimates of market data and information derived from these estimates that would not 
be available from publications issued by market research firms or from any other independent sources. This 
information is based on the Group's internal estimates and, as such, may differ from the estimates made by the 
Group's competitors or from data collected in the future by market research firms or other independent sources. To 
the extent the Issuer derived or summarized the market information contained in this Prospectus from a number of 
different studies, an individual study is not cited unless the respective information can be taken from it directly. 
The Issuer has not independently verified the market data and other information on which third parties have based 
their studies or the external sources on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. Therefore, the Issuer assumes no 
responsibility for the accuracy of the information on the market environment, market developments, growth rates, 
market trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus from third-party studies or the accuracy of the 
information on which the Issuer's own estimates are based. Any statements regarding the market environment, market 
developments, growth rates, market trends and competitive situation presented in this Prospectus regarding the 
Infineon Group and its operating divisions contained in this Prospectus are based on own estimates and/or analysis 
unless other sources are specified. 
The information of any website included in the Prospectus except for the website www.luxse.com in the context of 
the documents incorporated by reference, do not form part of the Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved 
by the CSSF. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Prospectus contains certain forward-looking statements. A forward-looking statement is a statement that does 
not relate to historical facts and events. They are based on analyses or forecasts of future results and estimates of 
amounts not yet determinable or foreseeable. These forward-looking statements are identified by the use of terms 
and phrases such as "anticipate", "believe", "could", "estimate", "expect", "intend", "may", "plan", "predict", 
"project", "will" and similar terms and phrases, including references and assumptions. This applies, in particular, to 
statements in this Prospectus containing information on future earning capacity, plans and expectations regarding the 
Infineon Group's business and management, its growth and profitability, and general economic and regulatory 
conditions and other factors that affect it. 
Forward-looking statements in this Prospectus are based on current estimates and assumptions that the Issuer makes 
to the best of its present knowledge. These forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other 
factors which could cause actual results, including the Infineon Group's financial condition and results of operations, 
to differ materially from and be worse than results that have expressly or implicitly been assumed or described in 
these forward-looking statements. The Infineon Group's business is also subject to a number of risks and uncertainties 
that could cause a forward-looking statement, estimate or prediction in this Prospectus to become inaccurate. 
Accordingly, investors are strongly advised to read the following sections of this Prospectus: "2 Risk Factors", 
"3 General Information on the Issuer" and "4 Business of the Infineon Group". These sections include more detailed 
descriptions of factors that might have an impact on the Infineon Group's business and the markets in which it 
operates.  
In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, future events described in this Prospectus may not occur. In 
addition, neither the Issuer nor the Dealers assume any obligation, except as required by law, to update any forward-
looking statement or to conform these forward-looking statements to actual events or developments. 
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
This Prospectus contains certain alternative performance measures (APMs) which are not recognised financial 
measures under the International Financial Reporting Standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards 
Board and as adopted by the European Union (IFRS). The Issuer has provided these APMs because it believes they 
provide investors with additional information to assess the economic situation of the Issuer's business activities. The 
definition of the APMs may vary from the definition of identically named alternative performance measures used by

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
other companies. The APMs used by the Issuer must be considered only in addition to, and not as a substitute for or 
superior to, financial information prepared in accordance with IFRS included elsewhere in the Prospectus. Investors 
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these APMs and are also advised to review them in conjunction with the 
financial statements of the Issuer and related notes.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
General Description of the Programme ...................................................................................................................... 9 
Risk Factors .............................................................................................................................................................. 11 
General Information on the Issuer ............................................................................................................................ 29 
Business of the Infineon Group ................................................................................................................................ 41 
Issue Procedures ....................................................................................................................................................... 58 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .......................................................................................................................... 60 
Form of Final Terms .............................................................................................................................................. 168 
Use of Proceeds ...................................................................................................................................................... 196 
Taxation Warning ................................................................................................................................................... 197 
Subscription and Sale ............................................................................................................................................. 198 
General Information ............................................................................................................................................... 206 
Documents Incorporated by Reference .................................................................................................................. 208 
Names and Addresses............................................................................................................................................. 212

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
1. 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
1.1 
GENERAL 
Under this EUR 8,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme, the Issuer may from time to time issue Notes to one or 
more of the following dealers: Bank of China (Europe) S.A., Bayerische Landesbank, BNP PARIBAS, BofA 
Securities Europe SA, Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG, Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft, Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main, Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE, ING Bank N.V., J.P. Morgan SE, 
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH, UniCredit Bank GmbH, and any additional dealer appointed under the Programme 
from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis (together, the 
Dealers).  
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft acts as arranger in respect of the Programme (the Arranger). 
Banque Internationale Luxembourg acts as listing agent (the Listing Agent). 
Citibank Europe plc will act as fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and paying agent (the Paying Agent). 
The maximum aggregate principal amount of the Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme (the 
Programme Amount) will not exceed EUR 8,000,000,000 (or nearly equivalent in another currency). The Issuer 
may increase the Programme Amount in accordance with the terms of the Dealer Agreement from time to time.  
1.2 
ISSUE OF NOTES 
Notes may be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches, each Tranche consisting of Notes which are identical in all 
respects. One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming a single series and are identical 
in all respects, but which may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for 
first interest payments may form a series (Series) of Notes. Further Notes may be issued as part of existing Series.  
Notes will be issued in such denomination as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as 
indicated in the applicable Final Terms save that the minimum denomination of the Notes will be, if in euro, EUR 
1,000, and, if in any currency other than euro, an amount in such other currency of at least EUR 1,000 at the time of 
the issue of Notes. Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, and requirements of relevant central 
banks, Notes may be issued in EUR or any other currency. 
Notes may be issued at an issue price, which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par, as stated in the 
relevant Final Terms. The issue price for Notes to be issued will be determined at the time of pricing on the basis of 
a yield which will be determined on the basis of the orders of the investors which are received by the Dealers during 
the offer period. Orders will specify a minimum yield and may only be confirmed at or above such yield. The resulting 
yield will be used to determine an issue price, all to correspond to the yield. 
The yield is calculated in accordance with the ICMA (International Capital Market Association) method and based 
on the issue price of the Notes. The ICMA method determines the effective interest rate of notes taking into account 
accrued interest on a daily basis. 
The specific terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. The Final Terms listed on the 
official list and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered 
in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member 
states of the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of Infineon (www.infineon.com).  
1.3 
DISTRIBUTION OF NOTES 
The Notes are freely transferable in accordance with the rules and regulations of the relevant Clearing System and 
may be offered to qualified and non-qualified investors. The offer and distribution of any Notes of any Tranche will 
be subject to selling restrictions, including those for the United States, the EEA in general, the UK, Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, Japan, Singapore and Switzerland, see "10 Subscription and Sale" below. 
Notes will be issued with a maturity of twelve months or more.

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
1.4 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be listed 
on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each issue. Notes may further be issued under the Programme 
which will not be listed on any stock exchange.

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
2. 
RISK FACTORS 
Before deciding to purchase any Notes, investors should carefully review and consider the following risk factors and 
the other information contained in this Prospectus or incorporated by reference into this Prospectus. The occurrence 
of one or more of these risks alone or in combination with other circumstances may have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of Infineon Technologies AG (Infineon and 
together with its consolidated subsidiaries the Group or Infineon Group) and may affect Infineon Technologies AG's 
ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes. Investing in the Notes could involve additional risks and uncertainties 
of which Infineon Technologies AG may not be currently aware, or which Infineon Technologies AG may currently 
not consider material on the basis of its regular risk assessments. The risks to which the business of Infineon or the 
Group is exposed may result in inaccuracies in risk assessments or other forward-looking statements.  
2.1 
RISKS RELATING TO INFINEON AND THE GROUP  
2.1.1 
Overall Economic, Political, Social and Geopolitical Risks 
2.1.1.1 The Infineon Group operates in a highly cyclical industry and its business could be adversely impacted by 
periodic downturns in target markets. 
The worldwide semiconductor industry is highly cyclical and the Infineon Group therefore faces risks of rapid changes 
in its target markets. As a result, the Infineon Group's forecasts and expectations of business developments are subject 
to a high degree of uncertainty. 
In the past, the cyclical pattern of the semiconductor industry was relatively predictable. It is, however, possible that 
future market downturns will follow other patterns. The absence of market growth or market contractions (related, for 
example, to the expansion of renewables or electromobility) would make it considerably more difficult for the Infineon 
Group to reach its own growth targets. There is no assurance that the markets in which the Infineon Group operates 
will continue to grow, that the growth rates experienced in past years will be attainable again in future years, or that 
the Infineon Group will be successful in managing any future downturn or substantial decline in selling prices. In the 
event that the Infineon Group is unprepared for market fluctuations, or its response strategy to such fluctuations turns 
out to be inappropriate, this could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows. 
2.1.1.2 The industry in which the Infineon Group operates is characterized by intense competition, consolidation 
and commoditization of products, which could reduce the Infineon Group's sales or put continued pressure 
on the Infineon Group's sales prices. 
The semiconductor industry is highly competitive, and is characterized by rapid technological change, high capital 
expenditures, short product lifecycles and continuous advancements in process technologies and manufacturing 
facilities. The rapid pace of technological change in the semiconductor market also results in greater interchangeability 
of products. This may lead to aggressive pricing tactics in the marketplace which may hinder the Infineon Group from 
achieving its long-term strategic targets with respect to market share gains and product pricing. Moreover, accelerating 
merger and acquisition (M&A) activities within the semiconductor industry or government subsidies restricted to 
specific regions could result in even tougher competition. Increased competitive pressure or the relative weakening of 
the Infineon Group's competitive position could materially and adversely affect the Infineon Group's business, financial 
condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
The highly competitive environment of the semiconductor industry and the high costs associated with manufacturing 
technologies and developing marketable products have resulted in significant consolidation in the industry and are 
likely to lead to further consolidation in the future. Such consolidation can allow competitors of the Infineon Group to 
further benefit from economies of scale, enjoy improved or more comprehensive product portfolios and increase the 
size of their serviceable markets. Consequently, the Infineon Group's competitive position may be adversely impacted 
by consolidation among other industry participants.

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
There is also the risk that an increased volume of previously imported semiconductors will be manufactured in China 
and that a greater volume of those made in that country will be exported. Overall, this situation could have an adverse 
impact on Infineon's results of operations. 
2.1.1.3 Adverse developments in the global economic environment could have an adverse impact on the Infineon 
Group's business, financial condition and operating results. 
As a globally operating group, the Infineon Group is highly dependent on global economic developments. A worldwide 
economic downturn, particularly in the semiconductor markets and the markets of the Infineon Group's customers, 
may result in lower revenues.  
The current economic environment may deteriorate, being affected by geopolitical instability. Geopolitical risks in the 
2025 fiscal year continue to be seen as very high, especially as a result of the ongoing war in Ukraine, the conflict over 
Taiwan and the military conflicts in the Middle East. These geopolitical crises have reduced the predictability of the 
economic development. The war in Ukraine can lead to significant short- and medium-term risks and impairments, 
such as a possible disruption in the supply of natural gas for its production sites or a further increase in prices/inflation 
and a shortage of raw materials. An intensification or escalation of the political conflict between China and Taiwan 
may lead to significant risks with regards to our business conducted in these areas, negatively affecting the supply and 
or demand side. Growing tendencies globally towards protectionism, economic nationalism and potential restrictions 
and limitations impacting international trade may have a negative impact on the export economy in general, and on the 
Infineon Group's sales and results of operations in particular. The Infineon Group sees the risk that individual countries 
might take protectionist measures when trying to protect or improve their competitiveness on the global market, and 
other countries may institute corresponding counter-measures. There are also risks that a country will institute policies 
that force domestic companies to purchase from domestic suppliers and/or compel domestic suppliers to prioritize 
domestic customers. These risks, among others, might result in market access barriers, such as higher import duties or 
more complicated certification processes in order to reduce imports. Due to the current increase in protectionist 
tendencies, the Infineon Group particularly sees itself at risk from additional or higher tariffs on semiconductors and 
on the products, components and raw materials the Infineon Group supplies or purchases, with import duties and other 
trading restrictions (including export restrictions) instituted between the European Union, the United States and China 
posing a particular ongoing threat and uncertainty. These and other tariffs and/or measures could lead to a growing 
uncertainty on the demand side and a decrease in the sales of semiconductors, causing demand for the Infineon Group's 
products to drop and/or costs to increase. In particular, the demand for automotive products could be negatively 
affected; total revenue attributable to the Infineon Group's Automotive segment amounted to 56% of the consolidated 
revenues in the 2024 fiscal year and 56% of the consolidated revenues in the three-month period ended 31 December 
2024. 
In addition, the government debt situation worldwide, which has started worsening during the SARS-CoV-2 virus 
(Covid-19) pandemic and which has changed very little in the 2024 fiscal year, continues to present a risk that may 
have an adverse impact on Infineon's liquidity and results of operations. Declines in demand for the Infineon Group's 
products as well as potential trade difficulties may also follow. 
Any downturn in the European and global economies could cause demand in the Infineon Group's relevant market 
segments to decline and adversely affect the Infineon Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and 
cash flows, which could in turn (in particular in the event of a significant and sudden decline of the Infineon Group's 
sales) adversely affect the Infineon Group's financing conditions and ability to meet its financial covenants and other 
obligations under its credit facilities or other indebtedness, as the case may be, and to fulfill its obligations under the 
Notes or cause the market price of the Notes to decline.  
2.1.1.4 Political or social changes in countries in which the Infineon Group manufactures and/or sells products 
could have an adverse impact on the Infineon Group's business, financial condition and operating results.  
Risks can arise due to political or social changes in countries in which the Infineon Group manufactures and/or sells 
its products. Asian markets are particularly important to the Infineon Group's long-term strategy. Revenues generated 
in Mainland China and Hong Kong amounted to 27% of the consolidated revenues in the 2024 fiscal year and amounted 
to 30% of total consolidated revenue in the three-month period ended 31 December 2024. The Infineon Group's 
operations in China are impacted by the fact that the Chinese political and legal system is still evolving and may change 
rapidly. For example, local regulations may require Infineon to enter into partnerships with local companies. These

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
circumstances could lead to the Infineon Group's intellectual property no longer being sufficiently protected. 
Furthermore, intellectual property developed in China may not be freely transferred to other countries and locations, 
all of which could impair the Infineon Group's business and thus have an adverse impact on its financial condition and 
results of operations. 
2.1.1.5 Infineon could be adversely affected by the consequences of a pandemic.  
Pandemics, epidemics, outbreaks of infectious diseases or any other serious public health concerns, together with any 
measures aimed at mitigating a further expansion thereof, such as restrictions on travel, imposition of quarantines, 
prolonged closures of workplaces, or curfews or other social distancing measures, may have a material adverse effect 
on the global economy and international financial markets in general and on the markets in which the Group operates 
in particular. The implications of such outbreaks depend on a number of factors, such as the duration and spread of the 
respective outbreak as well as the timing, suitability and effectiveness of measures imposed by authorities, and the 
availability of resources, including human, material, infrastructure and financial required to implement effective 
responses. 
The Covid-19 pandemic for example resulted in a material deterioration of the conditions for the global economy and 
financial markets have been temporarily affected. This development had adverse effects on Infineon's business and 
results of operations, which were for example be caused by restrictions on business activities of Infineon's suppliers, 
customers and itself, including its personnel, imposed by public authorities on a regional, national or international 
level, by unavailability of critical workforce and increased costs. For instance, Infineon experienced the temporary 
suspension of manufacturing imposed by the Chinese, the Malaysian, the Mexican and the US governments which 
affected Infineon's manufacturing sites and those of its suppliers and customers globally. This had an impact on the 
availability of raw materials and components as well as on Infineon's sales volumes.  
Any other pandemic, epidemic or outbreak of infectious diseases could have a material adverse effect on Infineon 
Group's business operations, financial condition, liquidity, cash flows and earnings. 
2.1.2 
Operating and Strategic Risks 
2.1.2.1 The Infineon Group relies on a limited number of suppliers of services, manufacturing equipment and raw 
materials, and could suffer shortages if these suppliers were to interrupt supply or increase their prices.  
The Infineon Group's manufacturing operations depend on the delivery of services and adequate supplies of raw 
materials on a timely basis as well as suppliers who manage parts of Infineon's supply chain. From time to time, 
suppliers may extend lead times, limit supply to the Infineon Group or increase prices due to capacity constraints or 
other factors. The Infineon Group does not always have alternative sources for some of these suppliers and therefore 
depends on their ability to deliver products of the required quality at the required time. Regarding equipment, due to 
the complex nature of the equipment that the Infineon Group purchases, it is difficult to substitute one supplier for 
another or one piece of equipment for another. The Infineon Group's liquidity and results of operations would be 
negatively affected if the Infineon Group were not able to obtain adequate supplies of quality services or materials on 
the one hand, and equipment on the other hand in a timely manner or if there were significant increases in the respective 
costs. 
At the same time, Infineon faces price increases from suppliers and there is a risk that it will not be possible to fully 
pass on these increases to its customers. Infineon's business operations rely on independent contractors and 
subcontractors to manufacture its products, including wafer fabrication, assembly, packaging and testing. These 
suppliers may fail to meet their obligations to Infineon. For instance, the conflict over Taiwan may affect the supply 
situation for Infineon's Taiwanese partners. If Infineon's suppliers were to default on their obligations, this could have 
an adverse impact on Infineon's business operations, liquidity and earnings. 
Moreover, Infineon's dependence on energy supplies for its production, as well as on various components (such as 
wafers) and raw materials (including copper), is exposing it to material price and supply risks. Price risks are also 
attributable in part to the prevailing rate of inflation. In a given case, if Infineon is unable to offset cost increases or 
pass them on to its customers, this could have an adverse impact on Infineon's financial condition, liquidity and results 
of operations.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
2.1.2.2 If the Infineon Group's outside foundry and wafer fabrication suppliers fail to meet the Infineon Group's 
expectations, the Infineon Group's results of operations could be adversely affected.  
The Infineon Group outsources manufacturing of some of its products to third-party suppliers, including semiconductor 
foundry manufacturers, wafer fabrication manufacturer, assembly, packaging and test facilities. If the Infineon Group's 
outside suppliers are unable to satisfy the Infineon Group's demand, or experience manufacturing difficulties, delays 
or reduced manufacturing yields or financial difficulties, the Infineon Group's results of operations and ability to satisfy 
customer demand could suffer. In addition, purchasing rather than manufacturing these products may adversely affect 
the Infineon Group's gross profit margin if the purchase costs of these products are higher than the Infineon Group's 
own manufacturing costs. The Infineon Group's internal manufacturing costs include depreciation and other fixed 
costs, while costs for products outsourced are based in large part on market conditions. Prices for foundry products 
also vary depending on capacity utilization rates at the Infineon Group's suppliers, quantities demanded, product 
technology and geometry. Furthermore, these outsourcing costs can vary materially from quarter to quarter and, in 
cases of industry shortages, they can increase significantly and negatively impact the Infineon Group's results of 
operations.  
2.1.2.3 The Infineon Group may be adversely affected by rising raw material and energy prices.  
The Infineon Group is exposed to fluctuations in raw material prices. In particular gold, copper and petroleum-based 
organic polymer prices fluctuate constantly. The Infineon Group also depends on supplies of rare earths required for 
selected manufacturing processes. The Infineon Group uses financial instruments to hedge short-term price risk 
exposure to gold, however, there is no assurance that these hedges will be sufficient. The prices of raw materials and 
energy have recently been subject to significant fluctuation, and there is no reason to assume the situation will change 
in the near future. If the Infineon Group is unable to offset cost rises or pass them on to customers, such price increases 
could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's financial results. 
In addition, the Infineon Group's business requires reliable electrical power at reasonable cost and may be adversely 
affected by power shortages due to disruptions in supply, as well as by increases in market prices for fuel or electricity. 
2.1.2.4 Infineon is exposed to risks relating to acquisitions, divestments, joint ventures and/or other strategic 
collaborations it has conducted or may conduct in the future. Infineon may be required to record charges 
related to the goodwill or other long-lived assets associated with the acquired businesses.  
The Infineon Group continues to examine possibilities to expand and develop its business through further acquisitions, 
divestments, joint ventures and/or other strategic collaborations. No guarantee can be given that additional suitable 
acquisition targets or strategic collaboration partners can be found or that further acquisitions or collaborations that are 
identified as strategically important can be realized. Infineon (directly or through its subsidiaries) occasionally acquires 
or makes investments in other companies, businesses and technologies or enters into various forms of cooperation 
arrangements and faces risks resulting from the expansion of its operations through acquisitions or co-operations. In 
the case of acquisitions, the Infineon Group might be unable to successfully integrate new businesses or teams with 
the Infineon Group's culture, structures and strategies on a timely basis or at all. Neither can the Infineon Group be 
certain that it will be able to achieve the full scope of the benefits it expects from a particular acquisition or investment. 
The Infineon Group's business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations may suffer if it fails to coordinate 
its resources effectively to manage both its existing businesses and any businesses it acquires.  
Divestments, on the other side, bear risks arising from the contractual agreements with the purchaser and that the 
achieved consideration is too low in the view of the market. If the Infineon Group decides to divest another business, 
product line, or assets, it may encounter difficulty in finding or completing such divestiture opportunity in a timely 
manner or at an attractive consideration. These circumstances could delay the achievement of the Infineon Group's 
strategic objectives or cause the Infineon Group to incur additional expenses with respect to the business, product line 
or assets it seeks to dispose. Even following a divestiture, the Infineon Group may be contractually obligated with 
respect to certain continuing obligations to customers, vendors, landlords, or other third parties.

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
Furthermore, the Infineon Group itself may become a target for other market participants seeking to improve their 
competitive position. Any actual or attempted acquisition of Infineon by a competitor could result in unpredictable 
consequences that could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's results of operations and financial 
condition. 
Investments made in joint ventures and acquisitions may weaken the Infineon Group's financial profile, especially in 
the short term, which may result, among others, in rating downgrades. The Infineon Group may not realize the 
anticipated cost savings, synergies, future earnings or other benefits that it intends to achieve from acquisitions or joint 
ventures, or the acquired entities or established joint ventures may not develop as expected. The Infineon Group cannot 
guarantee that any acquisition or joint venture will yield benefits that are sufficient to justify the expenses Infineon has 
incurred or will incur in completing such acquisitions or joint ventures. Furthermore, any acquisition or joint venture 
may not be as successful as the acquisitions or joint ventures that the Infineon Group has completed in the past. The 
Infineon Group could also take on additional risks as a result of acquisitions or joint ventures, including the risk of 
potential guarantee or liability claims resulting from the disposal of former business units or joint ventures. 
The Infineon Group reviews the goodwill associated with its acquisitions for impairment at least once a year. Changes 
in the Infineon Group's expectations due to changes in market developments which the Infineon Group cannot foresee 
may require additional write-offs in future periods, which could have a material adverse effect on its financial results. 
In addition, potential acquisitions in the future are subject to a number of risks, including unexpected losses of key 
employees; extraordinary or unexpected legal, regulatory, tax, contractual and other costs; difficulties in integrating 
the financial, technological and management standards, processes, procedures and controls of potential future targets 
as well as their subsidiaries with those of the Infineon Group's existing operations; challenges in managing the 
increased scope, geographic diversity and complexity of the operations; mitigating contingent and/or assumed 
liabilities; the possible loss of customers and/or suppliers; and control issues in relation to joint ventures and other 
arrangements where Infineon does not exercise sole control. Hence, it cannot be excluded that Infineon may not be 
able to complete the integration of potential future acquisitions into the Infineon Group as planned or only at a higher 
cost than originally planned, and/or may not realize the (full) anticipated cost savings, synergies, future earnings or 
other benefits that it intends to achieve from any potential future acquisitions. The finalization of the integration of any 
potential future acquisitions into the Infineon Group could further require a larger amount of the time and attention of 
management than originally anticipated.  
The realization of any of these risks including any impairment losses could have a material adverse effect on the 
Infineon Group's business, financial condition and results of operations, which could in turn adversely affect Infineon's 
ability to fulfill its obligations under the Notes or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
2.1.2.5 The Infineon Group may not be able to match its manufacturing capacity to demand.  
It is difficult to predict future growth and contraction of the markets that the Infineon Group serves, making it hard to 
estimate requirements for manufacturing capacity. If markets do not develop as the Infineon Group has anticipated, 
the Infineon Group risks underutilization of its facilities or insufficient capacity to meet customer demand, as recently 
experienced due to the decline in global economic activities caused by the Covid-19 pandemic, as well as the ongoing 
war in the Ukraine resulting in a temporarily weak demand of Infineon's products. Underutilization of the Infineon 
Group's facilities may result in idle capacity costs, write-offs of inventories and losses on products. In the past, the net 
increases of supply sometimes exceeded demand requirements, leading to oversupply situations and downturns in the 
industry. Such a development could potentially require the Infineon Group to undertake restructuring activities that 
may involve costs. Fluctuations in the rate at which industry capacity grows relative to the growth rate in demand for 
semiconductor products may in the future put pressure on the Infineon Group's average selling prices and negatively 
affect the Infineon Group's results of operations. 
In addition, during periods of increased demand, the Infineon Group may not have sufficient capacity to meet customer 
orders. The Infineon Group could lose future business and design wins in case it is unable to deliver volumes above 
its contractual obligations if called upon by its customers to do so. In the past, the Infineon Group responded to 
increased demand by opening new manufacturing facilities or entering into strategic manufacturing alliances, which 
in many cases resulted in significant expenditures. The Infineon Group has also purchased an increasing number of 
processed wafers and packages from semiconductor foundries and subcontractors to meet higher levels of demand and 
has incurred higher costs of goods sold as a result. To expand the Infineon Group's manufacturing capacity in the

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
future, the Infineon Group may have to spend substantial amounts which could negatively affect the Infineon Group's 
results of operations and cash flow. 
The Infineon Group's main business focus is on power semiconductors with significant in-house manufacturing. 
Semiconductor companies operating in-house manufacturing facilities typically face the risk of delays in the ramping-
up of manufacturing volumes at new manufacturing sites, coupled with the required transfer of technology to those 
sites. For example, in the Automotive segment customers' product approval and testing processes can take place over 
an extended period of time and thus influence the Infineon Group's global manufacturing strategy as well as short- and 
medium-term capacity utilization. Failure to anticipate necessary manufacturing changes in time may result in capacity 
shortages and hence lower revenue or lead to idle costs due to underutilized capacity and therefore have an adverse 
impact on earnings. 
2.1.2.6 The Infineon Group is dependent on individual European and Asian manufacturing sites. 
The Infineon Group's European and South East Asian manufacturing sites are of critical importance for its 
manufacturing. If, for example, political instability, epidemics, pandemics, or other health crises or natural disasters in 
the respective region were to restrict or completely obstruct the Infineon Group's ability to manufacture at these or 
other important sites on the planned scale or to export products manufactured at those sites, it could have an adverse 
impact on the Infineon Group's business, financial condition and results of operations. Furthermore, the Infineon 
Group's current manufacturing capacities in the South East Asian region are to a large extent not insured against 
political risks such as expropriation of assets. A transfer of manufacturing capacities from these sites would not only 
involve a great deal of time and technical effort, but Infineon would also be required to bear the necessary cost of re-
investment, which could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's results of operations. 
2.1.2.7 The Infineon Group's operations rely on complex information technology systems and networks, and any 
disruptions, security breaches, data protection or data privacy breaches or cyber attacks in such systems or 
networks could have a material adverse impact on the Infineon Group's business and results of operations. 
The Infineon Group may be subject to cyber attacks on data, information technology systems and networks, from time 
to time. Computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate Infineon's network security and misappropriate 
or compromise its confidential information, potentially without being detected. Computer programmers and hackers 
also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms, and other malicious software programs that attack the Infineon 
Group's products. The costs to the Infineon Group to eliminate or alleviate cyber or other IT security problems could 
be significant, and its efforts to address these problems may not be successful and could result in interruptions and 
delays that may impede its sales, manufacturing, distribution or other critical functions. 
In addition, the Infineon Group relies heavily on information technology systems and networks to support business 
processes as well as internal and external communications. The reliability and security of the Infineon Group's 
information technology systems is therefore of crucial importance. However, these systems and networks are 
potentially vulnerable to damage or interruption from a variety of sources. Despite precautionary measures the Infineon 
Group has put in place to manage its data and information technology risks, an extended outage in a communications 
network utilized by the Infineon Group's systems or a similar event could lead to an extended unanticipated interruption 
of the Infineon Group's systems or networks and confidential information and property data could be leaked as a result 
of such security breaches. In addition, cyber attacks with industrial espionage intent and any related potential loss of 
intellectual property or patents pose risks that could jeopardize Infineon's investment in research and development 
(R&D) and impair its long-term competitiveness. Additionally, potential virus attacks, in particular on the Infineon 
Group's information technology systems for manufacturing processes, present additional risks that could result in loss 
of manufacturing or supply bottlenecks. 
Furthermore, due to rapid advances in AI technology and its potential for manipulation, the Infineon Group faces the 
risk that AI-generated misinformation and disinformation could undermine trust in Infineon's information sources, 
brand and reporting and thus influence public opinion. This could result in damage to the brand, widespread 
dissemination of false information about Infineon, a loss of trust in Infineon's media and capital market 
communications, and adversely affect the market price of the Notes. 
Such disruptions, security breaches and manipulations could endanger the confidentiality, availability, integrity and 
reliability of data and systems used in development, manufacturing, selling or administration functions, which, in turn,

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
could have an adverse impact on the Infineon Group's reputation, production capability, competitiveness and financial 
condition, liquidity and results of operations.  
2.1.2.8 The Infineon Group's business could suffer due to decreases in market demand for its customers' products. 
The Infineon Group's sales volume depends significantly on the market success of the Infineon Group's customers in 
developing, manufacturing and selling end-products that incorporate the Infineon Group's products. The fast pace of 
technological change, difficulties in the execution of individual projects, general economic conditions and other factors 
may limit the market success of the Infineon Group's customers, resulting in a decrease in the volume of demand for 
the Infineon Group's products and adversely affecting the Infineon Group's financial condition and results of 
operations. 
2.1.2.9 The Infineon Group's business could suffer if the Infineon Group is not able to secure the development of 
new technologies or if the Infineon Group cannot keep pace with the technology development of its 
competitors. 
The semiconductor industry is characterized by rapid technological development. The frequent introduction of new 
process technologies leads to an increase of functions per chip and to the improvement of performance parameters, 
such as power consumption or processing speed. In addition, using smaller feature sizes offering better performance 
characteristics entails that smaller chips offering the same functionality can be produced which in turn means a 
considerable reduction in costs per function. In order to remain competitive, it is essential that the Infineon Group 
secures the capabilities to develop and qualify new technologies for the manufacturing of new products. 
However, the increasing complexity of technologies and products, shorter development cycles and increased and 
dynamic customer expectations can add pressure on product development. Buffer times built into development and 
qualification processes to compensate for potential delays are reduced accordingly. If the Infineon Group is unable to 
develop and qualify new technologies and products or to execute its development plans at the desired quality levels or 
if the Infineon Group devotes resources to the pursuit of technologies or products that fail to be accepted in the 
marketplace or that fail to be commercially viable, or if there are development delays and higher or failed development 
costs, then such events could have an adverse impact on the Infineon Group's business, financial condition, results of 
operations and cash flows.  
2.1.2.10 The Infineon Group relies on strategic partners and other third parties, and the Infineon Group's business 
could be harmed if they fail to perform as expected or relationships with them were to be terminated.  
The Infineon Group has entered into a number of long-term strategic alliances with leading industry participants, on 
the one hand to manufacture semiconductors and on the other hand to develop new products and manufacturing process 
technologies. If the Infineon Group's strategic partners encounter financial difficulties or change their business 
strategies, they may no longer be able or willing to participate in these alliances. Some of the agreements governing 
the Infineon Group's strategic alliances allow the Infineon Group's partners to terminate the agreement if a third party 
gains control of Infineon or of a significant portion of Infineon's shares. The Infineon Group's business could be harmed 
if any of the Infineon Group's strategic partners were to discontinue the Infineon Group's participation in a strategic 
alliance or if the alliance were otherwise terminated. To the extent the Infineon Group relies on alliances and third-
party design and/or manufacturing relationships, the Infineon Group faces the risks of: 
• 
reduced control over delivery schedules and product costs; 
• 
manufacturing costs that are higher than anticipated; 
• 
the inability of the Infineon Group's contract manufacturers to develop manufacturing methods appropriate 
for the Infineon Group's products and their unwillingness to devote adequate capacity to produce the Infineon 
Group's products; 
• 
a decline in product reliability; 
• 
an inability to maintain continuing relationships with the Infineon Group's suppliers; and 
• 
limited ability to meet customer demand when faced with product shortages.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
If any of these risks materialize, the Infineon Group could experience an interruption in its supply chain or an increase 
in costs, which could delay or decrease the Infineon Group's revenues or adversely affect the Infineon Group's business, 
financial condition and results of operations.  
2.1.2.11 Products that do not meet customer specifications or that contain, or are perceived to contain, defects or 
errors or that are otherwise incompatible with their intended end use could impose significant costs on 
Infineon. Quality problems could also damage the Infineon Group's reputation and, consequently, 
negatively affect demand for its products.  
The design and manufacturing processes for the Infineon Group's products are highly complex. The Infineon Group 
might bring products to the market that do not meet customer specifications, contain or are perceived to contain defects 
or errors, or are otherwise incompatible with their intended uses.  
The smallest shortfall in product quality can lead to product recalls and potential costs related to liability claims. The 
Infineon Group may incur substantial costs in remedying such defects or errors, which could include material inventory 
write-downs. Moreover, if actual or perceived problems with nonconforming, defective or incompatible products occur 
after the Infineon Group has shipped the products, the Infineon Group might not only bear direct liability for providing 
replacements or otherwise compensating customers, but could also suffer from long-term damage to the Infineon 
Group's relationship with important customers or to the Infineon Group's reputation in the industry generally. Any 
perception that products are defective would likely result in reduced sales, loss of customers and harm to the Infineon 
Group's reputation. 
This could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  
2.1.2.12 The Infineon Group's success depends on its ability to recruit and retain qualified key personnel.  
The Infineon Group's success depends significantly on the recruitment and retention of highly skilled personnel, 
particularly in the areas of R&D, marketing, manufacturing management and general management. The competition 
for such highly skilled employees is intense and the loss of the services of key personnel without adequate replacement 
or the inability to attract new qualified personnel could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group. The 
Infineon Group can provide no assurance that it will be able to successfully retain and/or recruit the key personnel it 
requires. 
2.1.2.13 The Infineon Group could be adversely affected by property damage or loss and business interruption. 
Disturbances at its semiconductor facilities or within the Infineon Group's supply chain – at customers or at suppliers 
side which may be caused by various reasons, e.g. fire, natural hazards, earthquakes, supply shortages, terrorism, power 
failures – have resulted in the past and can result in the future in severe damage and loss, in particular due to the 
interruption of Infineon's operations. Such far-reaching negative consequences can also arise from political unrest or 
instability, especially in emerging economies. The risks arising from business interruption and loss of manufacturing 
are insured up to levels considered economically reasonable by the Infineon Group. The Infineon Group believes that 
it has taken out the business liability insurance that is necessary and customary in the industry (including product and 
environmental liability), as well as property insurance, business interruption insurance, insurance for damages resulting 
from earthquakes and other insurance, but its insurance coverage could prove insufficient in individual cases. 
Furthermore, such events could injure or damage individuals, third-party property or the environment, which could, 
among other things, lead to considerable financial costs for the Infineon Group. In addition, the Infineon Group also 
faces the risk of increased insurance premiums. The materialization of any of these risks could have a material adverse 
effect on the Infineon Group's business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
2.1.2.14 The loss or insolvency of one or more of the Infineon Group's key customers and distributors may adversely 
affect the Infineon Group's business. 
Although currently no single customer or distributor accounts for more than 10% of the Infineon Group's revenue, 
dependence on the success of specific customers may further grow if Infineon notices an exceptional demand for its 
products from certain customers or from consolidation trends, in particular those affecting its first- and second-tier 
customers. Moreover, the loss, financial failure or insolvency of significant customers or distributors, or any material 
reduction in orders by any of the Infineon Group's key customers or distributors could adversely affect the Infineon 
Group's business.  
2.1.3 
Financial Risks 
2.1.3.1 The Infineon Group's results of operations and financial condition can be adversely impacted by changes 
in exchange rates and interest rates.  
The Infineon Group's results of operations can be negatively affected by changes in exchange rates, particularly 
between the EUR and the USD, the JPY, the MYR and the SGD. In addition, the impact of currency translation 
adjustments on the consolidated financial position has been, and may continue to be, material. While the Infineon 
Group operates in an industry with prices primarily denominated in USD and Japanese yen and therefore receives a 
large portion of its revenues in USD and Japanese yen, a large portion of its expenses are in EUR, Malaysian ringgit 
or Singapore dollar and it reports its financial results in EUR. 
As a result, the Infineon Group's financial results can to a significant extent be negatively affected by exchange rate 
fluctuations of such currencies against the EUR. Specified currencies are hedged group-wide by means of derivative 
financial instruments. Depending on how exchange rates develop, these hedging contracts could have a significant 
influence on cash flows. In these circumstances, exchange rate fluctuations could also have an impact on earnings. 
The Infineon Group is exposed to interest rate risk through its financial assets and debt instruments resulting from its 
debt financing. Furthermore, the Infineon Group holds a relatively high amount of liquid financial assets that are 
invested in short-term fixed-interest instruments due to the cyclical nature of its core business and the need to maintain 
high operational flexibility. These investments generally have a contract duration of between one day and twelve 
months. Although Infineon partially offsets the risk to these assets of changing interest rates by financial indebtedness, 
some of which may be based on variable interest rates, and potentially by using interest rate derivatives, such as interest 
swaps, in order to align the fixed interest periods of assets and liabilities, the Infineon Group's results of operations 
and financial condition can be adversely impacted by changes in interest rates. 
2.1.3.2 The Infineon Group may be adversely affected by defaults of banks and financing partners as well as 
customer defaults. 
Infineon's liquid funds holdings (gross cash position) exposes it to the potential risk of a default of one or more of the 
banking and financing partners as well as customer defaults. Such default could have a negative impact on Infineon's 
financial condition and liquidity. Conversely, there is a risk that a breach in the financial covenants of capital market 
instruments might lead to a credit event (default) and potentially to a cross-default, resulting in possible accelerated 
maturity to existing or outstanding debts, and Infineon may not be able to refinance these debts on comparable terms, 
or at all. 
2.1.3.3 Infineon's leverage could adversely affect its financial condition, prevent it from fulfilling its debt-service 
obligations, or prevent it from pursuing certain aspects of its business strategy. 
Infineon's indebtedness could adversely affect its financial condition which could, as a result, have significant 
consequences to its ability to service the Notes. For example, it could: jeopardize the success of Infineon's business 
strategy; increase its vulnerability to general adverse economic conditions; limit its ability to obtain necessary financing 
to fund future working capital needs, capital expenditures, and other general corporate requirements; require Infineon 
to dedicate a substantial portion of its cash flow from operations, as well as the proceeds of certain financings and asset 
dispositions, to payments on its indebtedness, thereby reducing the availability of its cash flow and such proceeds to 
fund other purposes; limit its flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in its business and the industry in which

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
Infineon operates; place Infineon at a competitive disadvantage compared to Infineon's competitors that have less debt; 
limit its ability to pursue possible future acquisitions; make it more difficult for Infineon to satisfy its obligations under 
the debt securities, including the Notes; limit Infineon's ability to borrow additional funds, makes Infineon vulnerable 
to a downturn in the operating performance of its subsidiaries or to larger than normal fluctuations or volatility in its 
cash flow. 
Infineon's ability to make payments on and to refinance its indebtedness, including the Notes, will depend on Infineon's 
ability to generate cash in the future, which is dependent on various factors. If Infineon's cash flow is not sufficient to 
meet its debt service and principal payment requirements, Infineon could be required to refinance its obligations or to 
dispose of assets in order to meet such requirements. In addition, from time to time Infineon needs to refinance its 
existing debt as and when it matures. In either case, there is no guarantee that Infineon will be able to refinance its 
existing indebtedness on comparable terms. If Infineon's cash flow is not sufficient to meet its debt service and principal 
payment requirements, or if Infineon is unable to refinance its existing indebtedness on acceptable terms, it could have 
a material adverse effect on Infineon's business, financial condition, or results of operations. 
2.1.3.4 The Infineon Group could be subject to tax risks attributable to previous tax assessment periods and 
changes in tax legislation or jurisdiction. 
The Infineon Group could accrue unanticipated tax expenses in relation to previous tax assessment periods which have 
not yet been subject to a tax audit or are currently subject to a tax audit in the various countries in which the Infineon 
Group operates.  
Many of the Infineon Group's German and foreign companies, are subject to a routine tax audit by German or foreign 
tax authorities. The German tax authorities finalized their last regular income tax audit of Infineon in 2023 (covering 
years 2014-2018). In ongoing or future tax audits, the tax laws or relevant facts, especially in relation to acquisitions 
or group restructuring activities as well as intercompany transactions, could be interpreted by the tax authorities in a 
manner deviating from the relevant company's view. As a result, the tax authorities could revise original tax 
assessments and substantially increase the tax burden (including interest and penalty payments) of the relevant 
company.  
The Infineon Group, so far, has not been made aware by any tax auditor of any significant findings which would not 
be reflected in the tax provisions, liabilities and contingent liabilities the respective Infineon Group company has 
accounted for. Nevertheless, it cannot be ruled out that past, ongoing and/or future tax audits may lead to an additional 
tax expense and/or payment, which may have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, which could in turn adversely affect the Infineon Group's ability to fulfill its 
obligations under the Notes or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
In addition, any change in jurisdiction or legislation concerning corporate income tax and other future changes in tax 
law in Germany or other countries in which the Infineon Group is subject to taxation could lead to higher tax expenses 
and also has the potential to significantly influence the development of the markets in which the Infineon Group 
operates generally. 
The realization of any of these risks could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's business, financial 
condition and results of operations, which could in turn adversely affect its ability to fulfill its obligations under the 
Notes or cause the market price of the Notes to decline. 
2.1.4 
Legal, Regulatory and Political Risks 
2.1.4.1 The Infineon Group's business and financial condition could be adversely affected by current or future 
litigation, investigations and antitrust proceedings. 
The Infineon Group is involved in various legal disputes and proceedings in connection with its existing or previous 
business activities. These relate, inter alia, to products, services, patents and environmental issues.

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
Furthermore, in connection with its existing or previous business operations, the Infineon Group is also exposed to 
numerous legal risks, including risks relating to anti-corruption, competition and antitrust legislation as well as export 
controls and other compliance regulations. Claims could also be made against the Infineon Group on the basis of 
breaches of law committed by individual employees or third parties. 
There can be no assurance that other violations of antitrust and competition laws, past or present, will not be alleged. 
Specifically, that may be the case in connection with acquisitions where the compliance standards and policies of 
acquired businesses may have a lesser standard than those followed by Infineon. 
Should further legal proceedings be commenced and should the above mentioned alleged claims and potential other 
claims prove to be valid, the Infineon Group might face substantial financial obligations, which could have a material 
adverse effect on the Infineon Group's financial condition and cash flows. 
2.1.4.2 The Infineon Group may not be able to protect its proprietary intellectual property and may be accused of 
infringing the intellectual property rights of others. 
The Infineon Group's success depends on its ability to obtain patents, licenses and other intellectual property rights 
covering the Infineon Group's products, designs and manufacturing processes. The process of seeking patent protection 
can be long and expensive. Patents may not be granted on currently pending or future applications or may not be of 
sufficient scope or strength to provide the Infineon Group with meaningful protection or commercial advantage. 
Effective copyright, trademark and trade secret protection may be unavailable or limited in some countries, and the 
Infineon Group's trade secrets may be vulnerable to disclosure or misappropriation by employees, contractors and other 
persons. In addition, due to the use of open source code in Infineon Group's software products, the Infineon Group 
faces the risk that it may no longer be able to protect its intellectual property, which could result in the Infineon Group 
losing the differentiating features of its products, reducing Infineon's market share and revenue. Furthermore the 
Infineon Group's intellectual property rights could be infringed by third parties. 
Competitors may also develop technologies that are protected by patents and other intellectual property rights. These 
technologies may therefore either be unavailable to the Infineon Group or be made available to the Infineon Group 
only on unfavorable terms. 
Litigation, which could require significant financial and management resources, may be necessary to enforce the 
Infineon Group's intellectual property rights in case of infringements by third parties or to defend against claims of 
infringement of intellectual property rights brought against the Infineon Group. Lawsuits may have a material adverse 
effect on the Infineon Group's business. The Infineon Group may further be forced to stop producing substantially all 
or some of its products or to license the underlying technology upon economically unfavorable terms or the Infineon 
Group may be required to pay damages for the prior use of third-party intellectual property. 
2.1.4.3 The Infineon Group might be faced with product liability or warranty claims. 
Despite the Infineon Group's current efforts aimed at ensuring quality, defects may occur in the Infineon Group's 
products. The occurrence of defects, particularly in areas in which those defects could result in personal injuries, such 
as the Infineon Group's automotive division, could give rise to warranty claims or to liability for damages caused by 
such defects. The Infineon Group could also incur consequential damages and experience limited acceptance of the 
Infineon Group's products in the market. In addition, customers have from time to time notified the Infineon Group of 
potential contractual warranty claims in respect of products that the Infineon Group supplied, and are likely to do so 
in the future. These matters could have a material adverse effect on the Infineon Group's business and financial 
condition.

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
2.1.4.4 The Infineon Group operates in various jurisdictions and is exposed to changes in legislation and policies 
affecting trade and investments and varying practices of the regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative 
bodies in those jurisdictions. 
In the 2024 fiscal year and in the three-month period ended 31 December 2024, 89% and 92%, respectively, of the 
Infineon Group's revenues were generated outside Germany and 74% and 78%, respectively, were generated outside 
Europe, Middle East and Africa (EMEA). The Infineon Group's business strategy envisages that it maintains R&D 
locations and manufacturing sites across the globe, with numerous manufacturing, assembly and testing facilities on 
three continents, including facilities that the Infineon Group operates jointly with a partner. The location of such 
facilities is determined by market entry hurdles, technology and cost factors. Substantial changes in legislation and 
policies affecting trade and investments as well as changing practices of the regulatory, tax, judicial and administrative 
bodies in the respective countries could restrict the Infineon Group's business activities in these countries and expose 
the Infineon Group to fines, sanctions and loss of reputation, which all could have a material adverse effect on the 
Infineon Group's business and results of operations. 
2.1.4.5 Environmental laws and regulations may expose the Infineon Group to liability and increase the Infineon 
Group's costs. 
The Infineon Group's operations are subject to many environmental laws and regulations wherever the Infineon Group 
operates, governing, among other things, the use and handling of hazardous substances typically used in the 
manufacturing of semiconductors (such as acids and solvents), wastewater discharges, waste disposal and the 
investigation and remediation of soil and ground water contamination. Such regulations or substance bans (e.g. 
Regulation (EC) No 1907/2006 concerning the registration, evaluation, authorization and restriction of chemicals 
(REACH), Directive 2011/65/EU on the restriction of the use of certain hazardous substances in electrical and 
electronic equipment) have been implemented in various countries of the world. The increasing awareness of 
environmental protection and/or issues may result in even stricter environmental laws and regulations for the markets 
in which the Infineon Group operates. Such legislation may complicate the Infineon Group's research and development 
activities, may require the Infineon Group to change certain of its manufacturing processes and may lead to the 
implementation of additional compliance programs which could result in substantial additional costs. The Infineon 
Group is not able at this time to estimate the amount of additional costs that it may incur in connection with such future 
regulations. 
2.1.4.6 Current and new human rights laws, regulations and standards such as the German Corporate Due 
Diligence in Supply Chains Act (Sorgfaltspflichtengesetz) may expose Infineon to additional risks and 
costs. 
The Infineon Group is subject to diverse national and international human rights laws, regulations and standards 
including the German Corporate Due Diligence in Supply Chains Act (Sorgfaltspflichtengesetz) (Supply Chain Act), 
which will be amended by the Corporate Sustainability Due Diligence Directive (EU) 2024/1760 (CSDDD) and the 
corresponding implementing national laws. In order to comply with the Supply Chain Act, Infineon Group is re-
evaluating and adapting its existing risk assessment and management, implementing additional preventive measures, 
and may need to implement further measures to comply with the CSDDD and is prepared to take remedial actions in 
accordance with the Supply Chain Act, if required. The competent supervisory authority, the Federal Office for 
Economic Affairs and Export Control (BAFA), in order to comply with the Supply Chain Act, and in future with the 
CSDDD, may require the Infineon Group to amend its risk managements system leading to the implementation of 
additional compliance and monitoring programs which could result in additional costs. The authority also has the 
power to impose administrative fines in case of non-compliance. Although additional civil liability under the Supply 
Chain Act in the event of a violation has been explicitly excluded, it cannot be completely ruled out that liability risks 
may increase due to the civil liability provision under the CSDDD which needs to be implemented into German and 
other national laws. The Infineon Group is currently not able to further quantify or qualify the risks and costs it may 
incur in connection with the Supply Chain Act and the CSDDD.

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
2.1.4.7 Reductions in government subsidies or demands for repayment of such subsidies could increase the 
Infineon Group's reported expenses or limit its ability to fund capital expenditures. 
The Infineon Group's reported expenses have been reduced in recent years by various subsidies received from 
governmental entities. In particular, the Infineon Group has received, and expects to continue to receive, subsidies for 
investment projects as well as for R&D projects. The Infineon Group recognized governmental subsidies as a reduction 
of R&D expenses, cost of goods sold and selling, general and administrative expenses in an aggregate amount of 
EUR 367 million in the 2024 fiscal year and EUR 208 million in the 2023 fiscal year. 
The application for and implementation of such subsidies often involves compliance with extensive regulatory 
requirements, including, in the case of subsidies to be granted within the European Union, notification to the European 
Commission of the contemplated grant prior to disbursement. In particular, establishment of compliance with project-
related ceilings on aggregate subsidies defined under European Union law often involves highly complex economic 
evaluations. If the Infineon Group fails to meet applicable requirements, it may not be able to receive the relevant 
subsidies or may be obliged to repay current or future subsidies, which could have a material adverse effect on the 
Infineon Group's business. 
The terms of certain of the subsidies the Infineon Group has received impose conditions that may limit the Infineon 
Group's flexibility to utilize subsidized facilities as it deems appropriate, to divert equipment to other facilities, to 
reduce employment at the site, or to use related intellectual property outside the European Union. This could impair 
the Infineon Group's ability to operate its business in the manner the Infineon Group believes to be most cost effective. 
2.2 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES  
2.2.1 
Risks relating to the nature of the Notes 
2.2.1.1 The Notes in general are structurally subordinated to other creditors of the Company's subsidiaries.  
Generally, claims of creditors of a subsidiary, including trade creditors, secured creditors, and creditors holding 
indebtedness and guarantees issued by the subsidiary, will have priority with respect to the assets and earnings of the 
subsidiary over the claims of creditors of its parent company. 
Accordingly, the Notes will be structurally subordinated to all creditors, including trade creditors, of the Company's 
subsidiaries other than the Group's financing subsidiaries. Any right of the Company to receive assets of any subsidiary 
upon the insolvency or liquidation of the subsidiary, and the consequent rights of the holders of the Notes (the Holders) 
to participate in those assets will be structurally subordinated to the claims of these subsidiary's creditors, except to the 
extent the Company's claims do not result from (i) its shareholdings, (ii) shareholder loans (or their economic 
equivalent) subordinated by law, or (iii) contractually subordinated claims, in which case its claims would still be 
subordinated with respect to any assets of the subsidiary pledged to secure other indebtedness, and any indebtedness 
of the subsidiary senior to that held by the Company. In addition, holders of secured indebtedness of the Company 
would have a claim on the assets securing such indebtedness that is prior to the Holders and would have a claim that 
is pari passu with the Holders to the extent the security did not satisfy such indebtedness.  
The Notes would be subordinated to any secured debt of the Issuer to the extent of the value of the assets securing such 
debt.  
2.2.1.2 Although the occurrence of specific change of control events will permit Holders to require redemption or 
repurchase of the Notes, the Issuer may not be able to redeem or repurchase such Notes. 
Upon the occurrence of specific change of control events, the Holders will have the right to require the redemption or 
repurchase of all or part of their Notes at an amount specified in the Final Terms, plus accrued and unpaid interest. The 
Issuer's ability to redeem or repurchase Notes upon such a change of control event will be limited by Infineon's access 
to funds at the time of the redemption or repurchase. Upon a change of control event, Infineon may be required 
immediately to repay the outstanding principal, any accrued interest on and any other amounts owed by Infineon under 
one or more of its bank facilities or other debt. The source of funds for these repayments would be the available cash 
or cash generated from other sources. However, it cannot be assured that there will be sufficient funds available upon 
a change of control to make these repayments and any required redemption or repurchases of Notes. In that case,

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
Infineon's failure to purchase any of the Notes would constitute an event of default under the Terms and Conditions, 
which would likely cause a default under other debt obligations. 
2.2.1.3 Credit ratings may not reflect all risks of an investment in the Notes; they are not recommendations to buy 
or hold securities, and are subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal at any time.  
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Notes. The ratings may not reflect the 
potential impact of all risks related to the structure, market, additional risk factors discussed herein, and other factors 
that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold securities and may 
be subject to revision, suspension, or withdrawal by the rating agency at any time. No assurance can be given that a 
credit rating will remain constant for any given period of time or that a credit rating will not be reduced or withdrawn 
entirely by the credit rating agency if, in its judgment, circumstances so warrant. Any suspension, reduction, or 
withdrawal of the credit rating assigned to the relevant Notes by one or more of the credit rating agencies may adversely 
affect the cost and terms and conditions of Infineon's financings and could adversely affect the value and trading of 
such Notes.  
2.2.1.4 The Notes could become effectively subordinated to the Group's debt to the extent such debt is secured by 
assets that are not also securing the Notes. 
Although the Terms and Conditions restrict the Company's and, to the extent legally possible, its subsidiaries' ability 
to provide asset security for the benefit of other Capital Market Indebtedness without securing the Notes equally, the 
requirement to provide equal security to the Notes is subject to a number of exceptions and carve-outs. To the extent 
the Issuer provides asset security for the benefit of other debt without also securing the Notes, the Notes will be 
effectively subordinated to such debt to the extent of such assets. 
As a result of the foregoing, holders of (present or future) secured debt of the Group may recover disproportionately 
more on their claims than the Holders in an insolvency, bankruptcy or similar proceeding. The Issuer may not have 
sufficient assets remaining to make payments on the Notes. 
2.2.2 
Liquidity Risk 
2.2.2.1 There is no active public trading market for the Notes. 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under this Programme to be listed on 
the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange. However, the Programme provides that Notes may be listed on other or further stock 
exchanges or may not be listed at all. Regardless of whether the Notes are listed or not, there can be no assurance 
regarding the future development of a market for the Notes or the ability of Holders to sell their Notes or the price at 
which Holders may be able to sell their Notes. If such a market were to develop, the Notes could trade at prices that 
may be higher or lower than the initial offering price depending on many factors, including prevailing interest rates, 
the Group's operating results, the market for similar securities and other factors, including general economic conditions, 
performance and prospects, as well as recommendations of securities analysts. The liquidity of, and the trading market 
for, the Notes may also be adversely affected by declines in the market for debt securities generally. Such a decline 
may affect any liquidity and trading of the Notes independent of the Group's financial performance and prospects. If 
Notes are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Notes may be more difficult to obtain which may 
affect the liquidity of the Notes adversely. 
2.2.3 
Market Price and Exchange Rate Risk 
2.2.3.1 The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors. 
The development of market prices of the Notes depends on various factors, such as changes of market interest rate 
levels, the policies of central banks, overall economic developments, inflation rates or the lack of or excess demand 
for the relevant type of Note. The Holders are therefore exposed to potential unfavorable developments in the market 
prices of their Notes which would be realized if the Holders sell the Notes prior to the final maturity of such Notes. If 
a Holder decides to hold the Notes until final maturity, the Notes will be redeemed at the amount set out in the relevant 
Final Terms.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
2.2.3.2 A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency is exposed to the risk of changes in currency 
exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. 
A Holder of Notes denominated in a foreign currency (i.e. a currency other than euro) is particularly exposed to the 
risk of changes in currency exchange rates which may affect the yield of such Notes. Changes in currency exchange 
rates result from various factors, such as macro-economic factors, speculative transactions and interventions by central 
banks and governments. A change in the value of any foreign currency against the euro, for example, will result in a 
corresponding change in the EUR value of Notes denominated in a currency other than EUR and a corresponding 
change in the EUR value of interest and principal payments made in a currency other than EUR in accordance with 
the terms of such Notes. If the underlying exchange rate falls and the value of the EUR rises correspondingly, the price 
of the Notes and the value of interest and principal payments made thereunder expressed in EUR falls. In addition, 
government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable currency exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected. 
2.2.4 
Risks relating to specific Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
2.2.4.1 The Issuer may redeem the Notes early. 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Issuer has the right to call the Notes prior to maturity (optional call 
right), irrespective of market interest rates. If the applicable Final Terms indicate that payments on Notes are linked to 
a benchmark, the Issuer may also have the right to redeem the Notes in case of a discontinuation of such benchmark. 
In addition, the Issuer will always have the right to redeem the Notes if the Issuer is required to pay additional amounts 
(gross-up payments) on the Notes for reasons of taxation as set out in the Terms and Conditions. If the Issuer redeems 
the Notes prior to maturity, a Holder of such Notes is exposed to the risk that the respective investment will have a 
lower-than-expected yield due to such early redemption and, in addition, Holders would be required to re-invest the 
funds concerned earlier than expected. 
2.2.4.2 The market-value of fixed rate Notes is dependent on market interest rates. 
A Holder of a fixed rate Note is exposed to the risk that the price of such Note declines as a result of an increase in the 
market interest rate. While the nominal interest rate of a fixed rate Note as specified in the applicable Final Terms is 
fixed during the life of such Note, the current interest rate on the capital market (market interest rate) typically changes 
on a daily basis. As the market interest rate changes, the price of a fixed rate Note also changes, but in the opposite 
direction. If the market interest rate increases, the price of a fixed rate Note typically falls, until the yield of such Note 
is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the market interest rate falls, the price of a fixed rate Note typically 
increases, until the yield of such Note is approximately equal to the market interest rate. If the Holder of a fixed rate 
Note holds such Note until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are without relevance to such Holder as the 
Note will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such Note. 
2.2.4.3 A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain 
interest income. 
A Holder of a floating rate Note is exposed to the risk of fluctuating interest rate levels and uncertain interest income. 
Fluctuating interest rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of floating rate Notes in advance. Neither the 
current nor the historical value of the relevant floating rate should be taken as an indication of the future development 
of such floating rate during the term of any Notes. 
Floating rate Notes may be structured to include caps or floors, or any combination of those features. The effect of a 
cap is that the amount of interest will never rise above and beyond the predetermined cap, so that the Holder will not 
be able to benefit from any actual favourable development beyond the cap. The yield could therefore be considerably 
lower than that of similar floating rate Notes without a cap. 
2.2.4.4 Risks associated with the reform of EURIBOR and other interest rate benchmarks. 
The Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are 
deemed "benchmarks" (each a Benchmark and together, the Benchmarks) have become the subject of regulatory

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
scrutiny and recent national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such Benchmarks to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such 
consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to such a Benchmark. 
International proposals for reform of Benchmarks include the European Council's regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of 8 June 
2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the 
Benchmarks Regulation) which is fully applicable since 1 January 2018.  
Given that the Benchmarks Regulation does not apply to central banks and that the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR), the 
Sterling Overnight Index Average (SONIA) and the Secured Overnight Financing Rate (SOFR) are administered by 
the European Central Bank (ECB), Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (Federal Reserve), 
respectively, €STR, SONIA and SOFR may be used without any recognition, endorsement or equivalence. In case the 
administrator of any of these reference rates changes in the future, such reference rate might fall within the scope of 
the Benchmarks Regulation. 
The Benchmarks Regulation could have a material impact on Notes linked to a Benchmark, including in any of the 
following circumstances: 
• 
a rate or index which is a Benchmark may only be used if its administrator obtains authorisation or is 
registered and in case of an administrator which is based in a non-EU jurisdiction, if the administrator's legal 
benchmark system is considered equivalent (Art. 30 Benchmarks Regulation), the administrator is recognised 
(Art. 32 Benchmarks Regulation) or the Benchmark is endorsed (Art. 33 Benchmarks Regulation) (subject to 
applicable transitional provisions). If this is not the case, Notes linked to such Benchmarks could be impacted; 
and 
• 
the methodology or other terms of the Benchmark could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the 
Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level or 
affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could impact the Notes, including calculation agent 
determination of the rate. 
Interest amounts payable under floating rate Notes issued under the Programme are calculated by reference to 
EURIBOR which is as at the date of this Prospectus provided by the European Money Markets Institute (EMMI). As 
at the date of this Prospectus, EMMI appears on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) pursuant to Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation. 
In addition to the aforementioned Benchmarks Regulation, there are numerous other proposals, initiatives and 
investigations which may impact Benchmarks. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of Benchmarks may change, 
with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or Benchmarks could be eliminated entirely, or there 
could be other consequences which cannot be predicted.  
If a Benchmark were to be discontinued or otherwise unavailable, the rate of interest for floating rate Notes which are 
linked to such Benchmark will be determined for the relevant period by the fallback provisions applicable to such 
Notes, which in the end could lead, inter alia, to determination of the applicable interest rate on the basis of another 
benchmark determined by the Issuer in its discretion, or to a previously available rate of the Benchmark being applied 
until maturity of the floating rate Notes, effectively turning the floating rate of interest into a fixed rate of interest, or 
to an early termination of the relevant Notes at the option of the Issuer. Under these fallback provisions, the Benchmark 
will be substituted, if possible, by a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate determined 
by the Issuer (possibly after consultation with an independent advisor). If this is not possible, the interest rate for the 
relevant interest period will be determined on the basis of the offered interest rate that was used for the last preceding 
interest period and such rate will continue to apply for future interest periods of the Notes until a replacement offered 
interest rate or an alternative offered interest rate will be determined by the Issuer in accordance with the fallback 
provisions. In addition, if, in the Issuer's opinion, it is not possible to determine a replacement offered interest rate or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
an alternative offered interest rate in accordance with the fallback provisions and if the Final Terms so provide, the 
Issuer will be entitled to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together with interest accrued (if any). 
Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of a replacement offered interest rate or an alternative offered interest 
rate, the relevant further fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any changes to a Benchmark as a result of the Benchmarks Regulation or other initiatives, could have a material 
adverse effect on the costs of refinancing a Benchmark or the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating 
in the setting of a Benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements. Although it is uncertain 
whether or to what extent any of the above-mentioned changes and/or any further changes in the administration or 
method of determining a Benchmark could have an effect on the value of any Notes linked to the relevant Benchmark, 
investors should be aware that any changes to a relevant Benchmark may have a material adverse effect on the value 
or liquidity of, and the amounts payable on, floating rate Notes whose rate of interest is linked to such Benchmark. 
2.2.4.5 The market continues to develop in relation to risk free rates and the use of risk free rates are subject 
to important limitations 
Interest rates of Floating Rate Notes may be linked to SONIA, SOFR or €STR (commonly referred to as Risk Free 
Rates). 
SONIA is based on actual transactions and reflects the average of the interest rates that banks pay to borrow sterling 
overnight from other financial institutions.  
The SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight collateralized by treasury securities. The Federal 
Reserve further notes on its publication page for the SOFR that use of the SOFR is subject to important limitations and 
disclaimers, including that the Federal Reserve may alter the methods of calculation, publication schedule, rate revision 
practices or availability of the SOFR at any time without prior notice. 
€STR reflects the wholesale EUR unsecured overnight borrowing costs of euro area banks. The rate is published for 
each T2-business day based on transactions conducted and settled on the previous day. The ECB notes that the use of 
€STR is subject to limitations and disclaimers, including that the ECB may (i) materially change €STR methodology 
or the €STR determination process, or (ii) cease the determination and publication of €STR, in each case after 
consulting with stakeholders to the extent it is possible or practicable and all as described in Guideline (EU) 2019/1265 
of the European Central Bank of 10 July 2019 on the Euro Short-Term Rate (€STR) (ECB/2019/19), as amended. 
Investors should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to Risk Free Rates as a reference in the 
capital markets and as an alternative to EURIBOR and the London Interbank Offered Rate (LIBOR). In particular, 
market participants and relevant working groups are exploring alternative reference rates based on Risk Free Rates. 
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of Risk Free Rates that differs significantly from that 
set out in the Terms and Conditions. It may be difficult for investors in Notes which reference a Risk Free Rate to 
reliably estimate the amount of interest which will be payable on such Notes. Further, if the Notes become due and 
payable, the rate of interest payable shall be determined on the date the Notes became due and payable. 
As the Risk Free Rates are published by third parties based on data received from other sources, the Issuer has no 
control over its determination, calculation or publication. There can be no guarantee that SONIA, SOFR or €STR will 
not be discontinued or fundamentally altered in a manner that is materially adverse to the interests of investors in the 
respective Notes. If the manner in which the respective Risk Free Rate is calculated is changed, that change may result 
in a reduction of the amount of interest payable on the Notes and the trading prices of the Notes. Investors should not 
rely on any historical changes or trends in the respective Risk Free Rate as an indicator of future changes in the 
applicable Risk Free Rate. Also, since the Risk Free Rates are a relatively new market index, the Notes will likely have 
no established trading market when issued. Trading prices of the Notes may be lower than those of later-issued indexed 
debt securities as a result. Similarly, if the applicable Risk Free Rate does not prove to be widely used in securities like 
the Notes, the trading price of the Notes may be lower than those of debt securities linked to indices that are more 
widely used. Investors in the Notes may not be able to sell the Notes at all or may not be able to sell the Notes at prices 
that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market, and 
may consequently suffer from increased pricing volatility and market risk. Investors should consider these matters 
when making their investment decision with respect to any such Notes.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
Investors should be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable or permanently 
discontinued, the rate of interest on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by the fallback 
provisions applicable to the Notes, which include, inter alia, the application of certain successor rates. 
Investors should further be aware that, if the relevant Risk Free Rate were permanently discontinued, the rate of interest 
on the Notes will be determined for the relevant Interest Period by fallback provisions which differ from those 
applicable in case the Risk Free Rate were temporarily unavailable. 
The application of the fallback provisions could result in the same interest rate being applied to the Notes until their 
maturity, effectively turning the Notes, which are supposed to pay a floating rate of interest, into debt instruments with 
a fixed rate of interest. In addition, if the same interest rate is being applied to the Notes until their maturity and if the 
Final Terms so provide, the Issuer will be entitled to call the Notes for redemption at their principal amount, together 
with interest accrued (if any).  
Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and return on, the Notes. 
Investors should carefully consider all of these matters when making their investment decision with respect to any such 
Securities. 
2.2.5 
Risks relating to laws and regulations applicable to the Notes 
2.2.5.1 Resolutions of Holders 
If the Terms and Conditions of Notes provide for meetings of Holders of a series of Notes or the taking of votes without 
a meeting, the Terms and Conditions of such Notes may be amended (as proposed or agreed by the Issuer) by majority 
resolution of the Holders of such Notes and any such majority resolution will be binding on all Holders. Any Holder 
is therefore subject to the risk that its rights against the Issuer under the Terms and Conditions of the relevant series of 
Notes are amended, reduced or even cancelled by a majority resolution of the Holders. Any such majority resolution 
will even be binding on Holders who have declared their claims arising from the Notes due and payable based on the 
occurrence of an event of default but who have not received payment from the Issuer prior to the amendment taking 
effect. According to the German Act on Debt Securities of 2009 (Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG), the relevant 
majority for Holders' resolutions is generally based on votes cast, rather than on the aggregate principal amount of the 
relevant Notes outstanding. Therefore, any such resolution may effectively be passed with the consent of less than a 
majority of the aggregate principal amount of the relevant Notes outstanding. 
2.2.5.2 Holders' Representative 
If the Notes provide that the Holders of a series of Notes are entitled to appoint a Holders' representative (the Holders' 
Representative) by a majority resolution of such Holders or if a Holders' Representative has been appointed in the 
Terms and Conditions of a series of Notes it is possible that a Holder may be deprived of its individual right to pursue 
and enforce its rights under the Terms and Conditions against the Issuer, such right passing to the Holders' 
Representative who is then exclusively responsible to claim and enforce the rights of all the Holders of the relevant 
series of Notes. 
2.2.5.3 Quorum requirement and SchVG risks in case of certain events of default  
The Terms and Conditions provide that, in case of certain events of default, any notice declaring the Notes due and 
payable shall become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received such default notices from Holders representing 
at least 15% of the aggregate principal amount of Notes then outstanding. Under the SchVG, even if a default notice 
is given by a sufficient number of Holders of Notes, this could be rescinded by majority resolution within three months. 
A simple majority of votes would be sufficient for a resolution on the rescission of such acceleration but, in any case, 
more Holders would have to consent to a rescission than have delivered default notices. 
Holders should be aware that, as a result, they may not be able to accelerate their Notes upon the occurrence of certain 
events of default, unless the required quorum of Holders delivers default notices and such acceleration is not rescinded 
by majority resolution of the Holders.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
3. 
GENERAL INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER 
3.1 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
The Company is a stock corporation (Aktiengesellschaft) organized under German law. Following the incorporation 
on 30 March 1999, the then parent company Siemens AG carved out and transferred its semiconductor operations to 
Infineon in the form of a non-cash contribution with economic effect as of 1 April 1999. Infineon was incorporated for 
an indefinite period. 
Already as part of the group of Siemens AG and its subsidiaries (Siemens Group), Infineon has been at the forefront 
of the development, manufacturing and marketing of semiconductors since 1952. In 1999, the Siemens semiconductors 
group was spun off of the Siemens Group to form the Infineon Group and in March 2000 Infineon Technologies AG 
was listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange. Starting in 2001, Siemens AG gradually reduced its remaining stake in 
Infineon and completed its divestment in March 2006. 
Infineon's registered office is in Neubiberg, Germany. It is registered with the commercial register of the local court 
(Amtsgericht) of Munich under registration number HRB 126492. "Infineon Technologies AG" is the legal name and 
"Infineon" is the commercial name of the Company. 
The Company's Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) is: TSI2PJM6EPETEQ4X1U25. 
Infineon's principal office is located at Am Campeon 1-15, 85579 Neubiberg, Germany; its telephone number is: +49 
89 234-0. 
Information on the Company's website www.infineon.com and information accessible via this website does not form 
part of this prospectus unless it is incorporated by reference. 
3.2 
CORPORATE PURPOSE 
Pursuant to section 2 of its articles of association, the corporate purpose of the Company is direct or indirect activity 
in the area of research, development, manufacture and marketing of electronic components, electronic systems and 
software, as well as the performance of services related thereto. 
The Company is entitled to perform all acts and take all steps which appear likely to directly or indirectly promote the 
achievement of the Company's aims. 
The Company may establish subsidiaries and branches in Germany and abroad, and can participate in other enterprises. 
The Company can buy or sell enterprises, combine them under single management and conclude enterprise agreements 
with them or restrict itself to managing the participation. It is entitled to spin off its operations – as a whole or in part 
– into affiliated enterprises. 
3.3 
PRINCIPAL ACTIVITIES 
Infineon designs, develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of semiconductors and semiconductor-based 
solutions, focusing on the key markets in the automotive and industrial sectors and ranging all the way to data centers 
for artificial intelligence and certain specific consumer sectors. Its strategic focus lies on markets with long-term 
growth potential. It addresses three growth areas affecting modern society: energy efficiency, mobility and internet of 
things. Infineon Group's operations and customers are located mainly in Europe, Asia and North America.   
3.4 
ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE 
The Company is the parent company of the Infineon Group, with 138 subsidiaries and affiliated companies (including 
minority holdings but excluding Qimonda AG (Qimonda) and any of its affiliates) incorporated in jurisdictions 
throughout Europe and Asia, as well as in the Americas and Australia (as of 31 December 2024). 
The following diagram depicts, in simplified form, the Infineon Group's corporate structure, as of 31 December 2024.

--- Page 30 ---
Infineon 
Technologies AG 
Neubiberg (GER) 
2044% 
4903% 
Qimonda AG 
in insolvency 
Munich (GER) 
Infineon 
Technologies 
Investment B.V. 
Rotterdam (NL) 
00% 
100% 
100% 
4 
00% 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Technologies 
Bipolar GmbH & Co. 
Technologies 
Dresden GmbH & 
Technologies 
KG 
Co. KG 
Holding B.V. 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Warstein (GER) 
Dresden (G R) 
Rotterdam (NL) 
Technologies 
Technologies 
100% 
Acquisition B.V. 
Rotterdam (NL) 
100% 
Canada Inc. 
Toronto (CAN) 
0 0043
99990% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
100% 
00% 
Infineon 
Technologies 
Austria AG 
%Each (AUT) 
Infineon 
Technologies Asia 
Pacific Pte Ltd 
Singapore (SIN) 
Infineon 
Technologies 
(Malay4a) Sdn. 
Bhd. 
Melaka (MAL) 
Infineon 
T hnologies China 
Co., Rd. 
Shanghai (CHN) 
Infineon 
Technologies Japan 
K.K. 
Tokyo (JPN) 
Infineon 
Technologies US 
HoldCo Inc. 
Wilmington DE (USA) 
Infineon 
Technologies 
(Shanghai) Co. 
Shanghai (CHN) 
100% 
9992% 
100% 
00% 
100% 
V 
00% 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Infineon 
Technologies 
Technologies Batam 
000% 
Technologies 
Technologies 
Technologies US 
Technologies US 
(Kulim) Sdn. Bhd. 
Kulim (MAL) 
PT 
Batam (IUN) 
Hong Kong, Ltd. 
Hong Kong 
(Wuxi) Co., Ltd. 
Wuxi (CHN) 
InterCo LLC 
Wilmington, DE (USA) 
Investment LLC 
Wilmington, DE (USA) 
100% 4,
Cypress 
Semiconductor 
Corporation 
Wilmington, DE (USA) 
100% 
Infineon 
Technologies 
Americas Corp. 
Wilmington, DE (USA) 
100% 
International 
Rectifier HiRel 
Products, Inc. 
Wilmington, DE (USA) 
 
30 
 
 
 
3.5 
ADMINISTRATIVE, MANAGEMENT AND SUPERVISORY BODIES 
In accordance with the German Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz), Infineon has both a management board 
(Vorstand) (the Management Board) and a supervisory board (Aufsichtsrat) (the Supervisory Board). The 
Management Board is responsible for the management of Infineon's business; the Supervisory Board supervises the 
Management Board and appoints its members. The two boards are separate, and no individual may simultaneously be 
a member of both boards. 
3.5.1 
Management Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Management Board consists of five members. The members of the Management 
Board are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory Board.  
The rules of procedures of the Management Board assign each member of the board a specific area of responsibility. 
The members of the Management Board are nevertheless jointly responsible for managing the Company. The names 
of the members of Infineon Technologies AG's Management Board, their areas of responsibility and their principal 
activities outside of the Company are shown in the table below.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
Name 
Responsibility  
Membership on other management or 
supervisory boards and comparable bodies 
 
Jochen Hanebeck 
Chairman of the Management 
Board,  
Chief Executive Officer (CEO) 
Labor Director, Chief 
Technology Officer (CTO) 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Infineon Technologies Austria AG, 
Villach, Austria (Chairman) 
 
 
Elke Reichart 
 
Chief Digital and Sustainability 
Officer (CDSO) 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Trumpf SE + Co. KG, Germany 
 
Dr. Sven Schneider 
Chief Financial Officer (CFO) 
      Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Covestro AG, Leverkusen, Germany 
(and Chairman of the Audit 
Committee) 
• 
Infineon Technologies Austria AG, 
Villach, Austria 
 
Member of the Board of Directors 
• 
Infineon Technologies China Co., 
Ltd., Shanghai, People's Republic of 
China 
• 
Infineon Technologies Japan K.K., 
Tokyo, Japan 
• 
Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific 
Pte., Ltd., Singapore 
• 
Infineon Technologies Americas 
Corp., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 
 
 
 
Andreas Urschitz 
Chief Marketing Officer (CMO)       Member of the Board of Directors 
• 
Infineon Technologies Asia Pacific 
Pte., Ltd., Singapore (Chairman) 
• 
Infineon Technologies Japan K.K., 
Tokyo, Japan  
• 
Infineon Technologies China Co., 
Ltd., Shanghai, People's Republic of 
China 
• 
Infineon Technologies Americas 
Corp., Wilmington, Delaware, USA 
(Chairman)  
 
Dr. Rutger Wijburg 
Chief Operations Officer (COO)       Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Carl Zeiss AG, Oberkochen, 
Germany 
• 
SMART Photonics B.V., Eindhoven, 
the Netherlands 
The members of the Management Board can be contacted at the Company's business address: Am Campeon 1-15 
85579 Neubiberg, Germany. 
3.5.2 
Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board consists of sixteen members. Eight of the members are 
generally elected by the shareholders at the annual general meeting in accordance with the provisions of the German 
Stock Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) and eight members are elected by the Infineon employees in accordance with the 
provisions of the German Co-Determination Act (Mitbestimmungsgesetz).

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
Resolutions of the Supervisory Board require a majority of the votes cast, unless otherwise required by mandatory law, 
the articles of association of the Company or the rules of procedures of the Supervisory Board of the Company. In the 
case of a parity of votes, the vote of the Chairman shall be decisive.  
The Supervisory Board must meet at least once during each three-month calendar period. 
The names of the members of the Company's Supervisory Board, their positions and their further offices outside of the 
Company are shown in the table below: 
Name and Principal Occupation 
  
Function 
Membership on other supervisory 
boards and comparable bodies 
 
Dr. Herbert Diess 
Manager, most recently CEO of 
Volkswagen AG 
Chairman 
None 
 
 
Xiaoqun Clever-Steg 
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
 
Member 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Amadeus IT Group SA, Madrid, 
Spain  
 
Member of the Administrative Board 
• 
Cornelsen Group, Berlin, 
Germany 
 
Member of the Board of Directors 
• 
BHP Group Ltd., Melbourne, 
Australia 
• 
Straumann Holding AG, Basel, 
Switzerland 
 
Dr. Friedrich Eichiner 
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
Member 
Chairman of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Festo Management SE, Frankfurt 
am Main, Germany 
 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Allianz SE, Munich, Germany 
 
Prof. Dr. Hermann Eul 
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
TÜV Süd AG, Munich, Germany 
 
Member of the Board of Directors 
• 
Cradle LLC, Los Angeles, CA, 
USA 
• 
Tactual Labs Co., New York, NY, 
USA 
 
Klaus Helmrich  
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board  
• 
ZF Friedrichshafen AG, 
Friedrichshafen, Germany 
• 
Festo SE & Co. KG, Esslingen, 
Germany 
• 
Diehl Verwaltungs-Stiftung, 
Nürnberg, Germany 
 
Member of the Foundation Council 
• 
Friedhelm Loh Familienstiftung, 
Haiger, Germany

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
• 
Friedhelm Loh Stiftung, Haiger, 
Germany 
 
 
 
Dr. Ulrich Spiesshofer 
Senior advisor – The Blackstone 
Group, 
member 
in 
various 
advisory boards and investor 
 
Member 
Member of the Board of Directors 
• 
Schlumberger N.V. (Schlumberger 
Ltd.), Willemstad, Curaçao 
Margret Suckale 
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
• 
Heidelberg Materials AG, 
Heidelberg, Germany 
• 
Deutsche Telekom AG, Bonn, 
Germany 
• 
DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
• 
Greiner AG, Kremsmünster, 
Austria 
 
Ute Wolf 
Member of various supervisory 
boards 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board 
•  DWS Group GmbH & Co. KGaA, 
Frankfurt am Main, Germany 
• 
MTU Aero Engines AG, 
München, Germany 
• 
Akzo Nobel N.V., Amsterdam, 
Netherlands 
 
Member of the Advisory Board 
• 
Borussia Dortmund 
Geschäftsführungs-GmbH, 
Dortmund, Germany 
 
Johann Dechant* 
Chairman of the group works 
council, vice chairman of the 
general 
works 
council 
and 
chairman of the works council 
Regensburg, 
Infineon 
Technologies AG 
 
Deputy Chairman 
Member of the Administrative Board  
• 
SBK Siemens-
Betriebskrankenkasse, 
Heidenheim/Brenz, Germany 
 
Annette Engelfried* 
Trade Union Secretary of IG 
Metall District Manager Berlin-
Brandenburg-Saxony 
 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board  
• 
Infineon Technologies Dresden 
Verwaltungs GmbH, Neubiberg, 
Germany 
• 
Siemens Gamesa Renewable 
Energy Deutschland GmbH, 
Hamburg, Germany  
Peter Gruber* 
Chief 
Financial 
Officer, 
Operations, Infineon Technologies 
AG 
Member 
Member of the Supervisory Board  
• 
Infineon Technologies Dresden 
Verwaltungs GmbH, Neubiberg, 
Germany 
 
Dr. Susanne Lachenmann* 
Chairwoman of the general works 
council, Infineon Technologies 
AG 
 
 
Member 
 
None 
Melanie Riedl* 
Member 
None

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
Analysis 
Engineer 
and 
vice 
chairwoman of the works council 
Campeon, Infineon Technologies 
AG 
 
Jürgen Scholz* 
Labor Union Secretary 
Member 
None 
 
Mirco Synde* 
Supervisor Frontend Production, 
Infineon Technologies Dresden 
GmbH & Co. KG 
 
Member 
 
None 
 
Diana Vitale* 
Chairwoman of the works council 
Warstein, Infineon Technologies 
AG 
 
 
Member 
 
None 
* Employee Representative 
 
 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board of the Company can be contacted at the Company's business address: Am 
Campeon 1-15, 85579 Neubiberg, Germany. 
3.5.3 
Conflicts of Interest of the Members of the Corporate Bodies 
Dr. Hermann Eul, who is now member of the Supervisory Board, was member of the Management Board from 2005 
to 2011. He thus served in the Management Board during the events which gave rise to the legal disputes in connection 
with Qimonda (see "4.8.1 Proceedings in relation to Qimonda"). As a standard procedure, the Supervisory Board is 
currently assessing possible claims for recourse for damages occurred by the Company in connection with the legal 
disputes in connection with Qimonda against former members of the Management Board. Therefore, Dr. Hermann Eul 
is subject to a potential conflict of interests. To address this potential conflict of interests, Dr. Hermann Eul does not 
take part in, and is not present at, discussions or resolutions of the Supervisory Board concerning the assessment of 
such recourse claims and related matters. 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the other above-mentioned members of the Management Board and of the Supervisory 
Board of Infineon do not have potential conflicts of interests between any duties to Infineon and their private interests 
or other duties.  
3.5.4 
Committees of the Supervisory Board 
As of the date of this Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has established five committees: the mediation committee 
(Mediation Committee) pursuant to section 27 paragraph 3 of the German Co-Determination Act 
(Mitbestimmungsgesetz), the nomination committee (Nomination Committee), the executive committee (Executive 
Committee), the investment, finance and audit committee (Audit Committee) and the technology and digitalization 
committee (Technology and Digitalization Committee). 
The sole duty of the Mediation Committee, which consists of the chairman of the Supervisory Board, the deputy 
chairman and one further representative of the shareholders and employees respectively, is to submit recommendations 
for the appointment of Management Board members to the Supervisory Board if the plenum of the Supervisory Board 
is unable to pass a resolution on such matters with the requisite two-third majority.  
The Nomination Committee which consists of the chairman of the Supervisory Board and two further shareholders' 
representatives of the Supervisory Board discusses candidates as future shareholder representatives to the Supervisory 
Board and recommends their election at the annual general meetings. 
The Executive Committee consists of the chairman of the Supervisory Board, the deputy chairman and two further 
representatives of the shareholders and employees respectively. It prepares decisions to be taken by the full Supervisory 
Board regarding the appointment or dismissal of members of the Management Board, the terms of the service contracts 
and other contractual arrangements between Infineon and the members of the Management Board and Management 
Board compensation issues.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
The Audit Committee, consisting of two representatives of the shareholders and employee representatives respectively, 
monitors the financial reporting process and discusses and examines the stand-alone financial statements and the 
consolidated financial statements prepared by the Management Board, the combined management report (Lagebericht) 
and the interim financial report and information. The Audit Committee gives recommendations with respect to the 
approval of the stand-alone financial statements and consolidated financial statements by the Supervisory Board based 
on the independent auditor's report, engages the independent auditors selected at the annual general meeting to audit 
the stand-alone financial statements and consolidated financial statements and review the interim financial report and 
information, specifies the key areas to be examined in audit activities jointly with independent auditors and is 
responsible for setting the independent auditor's compensation. 
The Technology and Digitalization Committee, which consists of four shareholder representatives and four employee 
representatives, deals with fundamental aspects of Infineon's technology and innovation, the semiconductor industry 
and its suppliers and customers, as well as fundamental trends and developments in the field of digitalization and their 
relevance for Infineon. 
3.5.5 
Corporate Governance 
The German Corporate Governance Code (Deutscher Corporate Governance Kodex, the Corporate Governance 
Code) contains recommendations and suggestions for managing and monitoring listed companies in Germany. It is 
based on internationally and nationally recognized standards for good and responsible corporate governance. The 
purpose of the Corporate Governance Code is to make the German corporate governance system transparent for 
investors. The Corporate Governance Code was passed by the Government Commission of the German Corporate 
Governance Code on 26 February 2002 and was last amended on 28 April 2022. The amended version was published 
in the Federal Gazette on 27 June 2022.  
There is no legal obligation to comply with the recommendations or suggestions of the Corporate Governance Code. 
However, the German Stock Corporation Act requires that the management board and the supervisory board of a 
German listed company either declare on an annual basis that the recommendations of the Corporate Governance Code 
were and will be adhered to or state which recommendations were or will not be followed. This declaration must be 
available to shareholders on a constant basis. No disclosure is required when companies deviate from the suggestions 
in the Corporate Governance Code.  
The Supervisory Board and the Management Board have adopted the following declaration of conformity 
(Entsprechenserklärung) in November 2024, and have made it available to shareholders. This declaration, as well as 
past declarations, is available on the Company's website, at www.infineon.com, under the heading "Investor/Corporate 
Governance/Declaration of Compliance": 
DECLARATION OF COMPLIANCE WITH THE GERMAN CORPORATE GOVERNANCE CODE 
ISSUED FOR THE 2024 FISCAL YEAR BY THE MANAGEMENT BOARD AND SUPERVISORY  
BOARD OF INFINEON TECHNOLOGIES AG PURSUANT TO SECTION 161 OF THE GERMAN  
STOCK CORPORATION ACT (AKTG) 
Since submitting its most recent Declaration of Compliance in November 2023, Infineon Technologies AG has 
complied with all recommendations set out in the German Corporate Governance Code in the version dated 28 April 
2022 and will continue to do so in the future. 
Neubiberg, November 2024 
On behalf of the Supervisory Board of Infineon Technologies AG: 
Dr. Herbert Diess 
(Chairman of the Supervisory Board) 
The Management Board of Infineon Technologies AG: 
Jochen Hanebeck (Chairman of the Management 
Board) 
 
Elke Reichart 
Dr. Sven Schneider 
Andreas Urschitz 
 
Dr. Rutger Wijburg

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
3.6 
SHARE CAPITAL 
As of 31 December 2024, the Company had a share capital of EUR 2,611,842,274 represented by 1,305,921,137 no 
par value shares registered in the names of the holders; 6,757,925 shares were held in treasury by the Company. 
3.7 
FISCAL YEAR 
The fiscal year of the Company runs from 1 October of each year until 30 September of the following year. 
3.8 
AUDITORS 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Friedenstraße 10, 81671 Munich, Germany (KPMG), a member of the 
German Chamber of Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), Berlin, was the auditor of the consolidated and 
stand-alone financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years 1999-2023. Thus, KPMG audited the consolidated 
financial statements of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2023, prepared in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law (German Commercial 
Code (Handelsgesetzbuch)). KPMG issued an unqualified independent auditor's report (Bestätigungsvermerk) in 
respect of the consolidated financial statements of the Company mentioned above. 
At the 2024 Annual General Meeting, held on 23 February 2024, the Supervisory Board of the Company proposed 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft, Munich, Germany (Deloitte), a member of the German Chamber of 
Public Accountants (Wirtschaftsprüferkammer), as corporate auditor for the 2024 fiscal year. The proposal was the 
result of a public tender process, which was conducted by the Audit Committee and which was launched with regard 
to the mandatory rotation of auditors. The Annual General Meeting approved Deloitte as corporate auditor for the 2024 
fiscal year. Deloitte audited the consolidated financial statements of the Company as of and for the fiscal year ended 
30 September 2024 and issued an unqualified independent auditor's report with regard to the consolidated financial 
statements of Infineon as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2024, prepared in accordance with IFRS as 
adopted by the EU and the additional requirements of German commercial law. 
3.9 
MAJOR SHAREHOLDERS 
Based on the notifications Infineon has received pursuant to Section 33 et seq. of the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) until 5 February 2025 as of that date Infineon is not aware of any shareholder holding 
(directly or indirectly) 10% or more of Infineon's outstanding shares. 
All notifications made by shareholders in accordance with the German Securities Trading Act 
(Wertpapierhandelsgesetz) are published on the website of the Company www.infineon.com under About 
Infineon/Investor/Infineon Share/Shareholder Structure. In furnishing the Company's website address in this document, 
however, the Company does not intend to incorporate any information on its website into this document, and no 
information on its website should be considered to be part of this document. 
All shares of the Company have identical voting rights and there are no multiple voting rights. 
The Issuer is not aware of any arrangements which would result in a change in control of the Issuer. 
3.10 
HISTORICAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the fiscal years ended 30 September 2024 and 2023, 
respectively, which were prepared in accordance with IFRS as adopted by the EU applicable at the relevant date (i.e. 
the reporting date) and the independent auditor's reports (Bestätigungsvermerke) thereon are incorporated by reference 
into this Prospectus. 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of Infineon Technologies AG's as of and for the 
three-month period ended 31 December 2024, consisting of a condensed consolidated statement of profit or loss, 
condensed consolidated statement of comprehensive income, condensed consolidated statement of financial position, 
condensed consolidated statement of changes in equity, condensed consolidated statement of cash flows, selected 
segmentation data and the basis of preparation contained in Infineon Technologies AG's quarterly group statement 
(Konzernquartalsmitteilung) and incorporated by reference into this Prospectus, has been prepared in accordance with 
the recognition and measurement principles of IFRS on interim financial reporting (International Accounting Standard 
(IAS) 34) and was published in accordance with paragraph 53 of the Exchange Rules for the Frankfurt Stock Exchange 
(Börsenordnung der Frankfurter Wertpapierbörse (BörsO FWB)).

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
References to Infineon's "2024 fiscal year" and "2023 fiscal year" (unless otherwise specified) refer to the fiscal years 
ended 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
The financial information marked as "audited" in tables in this Prospectus is extracted from the audited consolidated 
financial statements of the Company for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal years. Financial information marked as "unaudited" 
in tables in this Prospectus is not extracted from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Company for the 
2024 and 2023 fiscal years and is either extracted from the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial 
information of Infineon Technologies AG's as of and for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 or from our 
internal accounting records or reporting systems, or is based on calculations of financial information of the 
abovementioned sources. 
Certain numerical data, financial information and market data in this Prospectus are subject to rounding adjustments 
that were carried out according to customary commercial standards. As a result, the aggregated amounts herein may 
not correspond in all cases to the data contained in the underlying sources.  
3.11 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
The selected financial and business data below should be regarded only as an introduction and any investment decision 
should be based on a review of the entire Prospectus. 
The following table sets out selected financial information relating to the Infineon Group. The information has been 
extracted or derived from the audited consolidated financial statements of the Infineon Group prepared in accordance 
with IFRS as adopted by the EU as of and for the fiscal year ended 30 September 2024, as well as from the Group's 
quarterly group statement (Konzernquartalsmitteilung) pursuant to section 53 BörsO FWB prepared on the basis of 
recognition and measurement principles of IFRS on interim financial reporting as adopted by the EU as of and for the 
three-month period ended 31 December 2024. 
 
As of and for the fiscal year 
ended  
30 September 
As of and for the three-
month period ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
 
EUR in millions (unless indicated otherwise) 
Revenue 
14,955 
16,309 
3,424 
3,702 
by region: 
 
 
 
 
Europe, Middle East, Africa 
3,865 
4,360 
758 
934 
therein: Germany 
1,617 
2,017 
286 
440 
Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan and 
Greater China) 
2,461 
2,594 
586 
541 
Greater China1 
5,130 
5,275 
1,342 
1,323 
therein: Mainland China, Hong 
Kong 
 
4,058 
 
4,124 
1,027 
1,081 
Japan 
1,507 
1,706 
333 
400 
Americas 
1,992 
2,374 
405 
504 
therein: USA 
1,627 
1,982 
333 
422 
by Segment: 
 
 
 
 
Automotive 
8,423 
8,242 
1,919 
2,085 
Green Industrial Power 
1,934 
2,205 
340 
487 
Power & Sensor Systems 
3,088 
3,798 
820 
765 
Connected Secure Systems 
1,506 
2,046 
344 
364 
 
1  
Greater China comprises Mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan.

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
As of and for the fiscal year 
ended  
30 September 
As of and for the three-
month period ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
 
EUR in millions (unless indicated otherwise) 
Other Operating Segments 
4 
18 
1 
1 
Corporate and Eliminations 
- 
- 
- 
- 
 
 
 
 
 
Gross profit 
6,069 
7,413 
1,3432 
1,6432 
Gross margin (unaudited)3, 4 
 
 40.6% 
 
45.5% 
39.2%2 
44.4%2 
Operating profit 
2,190 
3,948 
318 
702 
Profit (loss) for the period 
1,301 
3,137 
246 
587 
EBIT (unaudited)3, 5  
2,232 
4,019 
326 
716 
EBITDA3, 6  
4,097 
5,773 
813 
1,172 
Segment result 
3,105 
4,399 
573 
831 
 
2  
In order to provide more meaningful information, the accounting policy was changed as of 1 October 2024 with regard to the allocation of 
certain expenses. This led to a reclassification of expenses from cost of goods sold to research and development expenses. The figures for the 
three-month period ended 31 December 2023 have been adjusted accordingly. 
3  
Gross margin is defined as percentage of gross profit (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 1,343 
million and EUR 1,643 million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 6,069 million and EUR 7,413 million) in relation to 
revenue (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 3,424 million and EUR 3,702 million; for the 2024 
and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 14,955 million and EUR 16,309 million). 
4  
Infineon Technologies AG reports this APM because it believes it is a helpful figure for evaluating the Infineon Group's operating performance. 
This measure is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. The measure reported is not necessarily comparable to similar performance 
figures published by other companies.  
5  
EBIT is defined as profit (loss) from continuing operations before interest and taxes. Infineon Technologies AG reports interest as interest result, 
which is defined as interest income for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 21 million and EUR 24 
million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 83 million and EUR 60 million minus interest expenses for the three-month period 
ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 44 million and EUR 8 million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 157 
million and EUR 158 million. Please also see footnote 6. 
6  
EBITDA is defined as EBIT plus depreciation and amortization. 
 
 
Fiscal year ended 
30 September 2024 
(audited, unless 
indicated otherwise) 
Fiscal year ended 
30 September 2023 
(audited, unless 
indicated otherwise) 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
2024 (unaudited) 
Three-month period 
ended 31 December 
2023 (unaudited) 
 
(in EUR millions) 
EBITDA 
4,097 
5,773 
813 
1,172 
Depreciation and amortization 
(1,865)  
(1,754)  
(487)  
(456)  
EBIT (unaudited) 
2,232 
4,019 
326 
716 
Interest result 
 
(74) 
(98) 
(23)  
16  
Profit (loss) from continuing operations 
before income taxes  
2,158 
3,921 
303 
732 
Income tax 
(378) 
(782) 
(60)  
(134)  
Profit (loss) from continuing operations  
1,780 
3,139 
243 
598

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
As of and for the fiscal year 
ended  
30 September 
As of and for the three-
month period ended  
31 December 
 
2024 
2023 
2024 
2023 
 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
(audited, unless 
indicated 
otherwise) 
 
(unaudited) 
(unaudited) 
 
EUR in millions (unless indicated otherwise) 
Segment result margin (unaudited) 3, 7 
20.8% 
27.0% 
16.7% 
22.4% 
Total equity 
17,219 
17,044 
18,235 
17,234 
Cash flow from operating activities 
from continuing operations 
3,541 
3,962 
539 
(145) 
Cash flow from investing activities 
(2,167) 
(2,264) 
(1,082) 
(804) 
Cash flow from financing activities 
(615) 
(1,301) 
(24) 
745 
Free cash flow (unaudited) 3, 8  
23 
1,158 
(237) 
(1,597) 
Depreciation and amortization 
(1,865) 
(1,754) 
(487) 
(456) 
Investments (unaudited) 3, 9  
(2,719) 
(2,994) 
(731) 
(653) 
Gross cash position 3, 10 
2,201 
3,590 
1,957 
2,712 
Gross financial debt (short-term and 
long-term) 3, 11 
4,811 
4,733 
4,943 
5,398 
Net cash position (unaudited) 3, 12 
 
(2,610) 
 
(1,143) 
(2,986) 
(2,686) 
 
3.12 
TREND INFORMATION AND SIGNIFICANT CHANGES 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Company since the end of its last published audited 
financial statements (being, as of the date of this Prospectus, 30 September 2024). 
 
7  
Segment result margin is defined as percentage of segment result (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: 
EUR 573 million and EUR 831 million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 3,105 million and EUR 4,399 million) in relation 
to revenue (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 3,424 million and EUR 3,702 million; for the 
2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 14,955 million and EUR 16,309 million). 
8  
Free cash flow is defined as cash flow from operating activities from continuing operations (for the three-month period ended 31 December 
2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 539 million and EUR (145) million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR 3,541 million and 
EUR 3,962 million) and cash flow from investing activities from continuing operations (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 
and 2023, respectively: EUR (1,082) million and EUR (804) million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR (2,167) million and 
EUR (2,264) million), adjusted for cash flows related to the purchase and sale of financial investments (for the three-month period ended 31 
December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 306 million and EUR (648) million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR (1,351) 
million and EUR (540) million). 
9  
Investments are defined as investments in property, plant and equipment (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, 
respectively: EUR (665) million and EUR (584) million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR (2,432) million and EUR (2,739) 
million) and intangible assets (for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR (66) million and EUR (69) 
million; for the 2024 and 2023 fiscal year, respectively: EUR (287) million and EUR (255) million) including capitalized development cost. 
10  Gross cash position is defined as cash and cash equivalents (as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 1,254 million and EUR 1,607 
million; as of 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 1,806 million and EUR 1,820 million) plus financial investments (as of 31 
December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 703 million and EUR 1,105 million; as of 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 395 
million and EUR 1,770 million). 
11  Gross financial debt (short-term and long-term) is defined as short-term financial debt and current portion of long-term financial debt (as of 31 
December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 500 million and EUR 1,067 million; as of 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 500 
million and EUR 330 million) plus long-term financial debt (as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 4,443 million and EUR 4,331 
million; as of 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 4,311 million and EUR 4,403 million). 
12  Net cash position is defined as gross cash position (as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 1,957 million and EUR 2,712 million; 
as of 30 September 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 2,201 million and EUR 3,590 million) as defined in footnote 10 less gross financial debt 
(short-term and long-term) (as of 31 December 2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 4,943 million and EUR 5,398 million; as of 30 September 
2024 and 2023, respectively: EUR 4,811 million and EUR 4,733 million) as defined in footnote 11.

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
There have been no significant changes in the financial position or in the financial performance of the Infineon Group 
since the end of the last financial period for which financial information has been published (being, as of the date of 
this Prospectus, 31 December 2024) other than as set forth or referenced under "4.9 Recent Events".  
3.13 
BORROWING AND FUNDING  
Other than described in the section "4.5 Material Debt Financings", there have been no material changes in the 
borrowing and funding structure of the Company since 30 September 2024.  
3.14 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS 
Please refer to "4.8 Legal and Arbitration Proceedings". 
3.15 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS  
Please refer to "4.7 Material Contracts". 
3.16 
RATING 
On 17 January 2025, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) affirmed the long-term issuer and issue credit rating 
of BBB+ with a stable outlook on the Company and its senior unsecured notes.13 
S&P is established in the European Community and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the CRA Regulation).  
 
 
 
13  According to the definition published by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited on its homepage a rating of BBB means "An obligor has adequate 
capacity to meet its financial commitments. However, adverse economic conditions or changing circumstances are more likely to lead to a 
weakened capacity of the obligor to meet its financial commitments." The ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus 
(+) or minus (-) sign to show relative standing within the major rating categories.

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
4. 
BUSINESS OF THE INFINEON GROUP 
4.1 
BUSINESS OVERVIEW 
4.1.1 
Principal Activities of the Infineon Group - General Overview 
The Infineon Group designs, develops, manufactures and markets a broad range of semiconductors and semiconductor-
based solutions, focusing on the key markets in the automotive and industrial sectors and ranging all the way to data 
centers for artificial intelligence and certain specific consumer sectors. Its strategic focus lies on markets with long-
term growth potential. It addresses three growth areas affecting modern society: energy efficiency, mobility and 
Internet of Things (IoT). Infineon Group's operations and customers are located mainly in Europe, Asia and North 
America.  
The Infineon Group organizes its business operations in four main operating segments: Automotive, Green Industrial 
Power, Power & Sensor Systems and Connected Secure Systems.  
4.1.2 
Growth Areas and Growth Drivers 
Infineon addresses three growth areas, on the one hand, and two major trends (decarbonization and digitalization), on 
the other hand. Both trends and the interplay between them will accelerate structural semiconductor growth. 
Tomorrow's energy-efficient, connected world is built on semiconductors. In the IoT, the Group's products and 
solutions enable new functions and services. IoT devices capture their surroundings, process the data and, in doing so, 
they interact with the cloud, and perform actions.  
Strategically, Infineon Group aims to focus on the fastest growing segments of the semiconductor market while 
tackling the global growth areas. As a technological leader it aims to leverage its core competencies in different end 
markets to maximize the return on investments. Also, the Infineon Group targets to create value for its customers 
through its understanding of the relevant systems.  
4.1.2.1 Growth Area Energy Efficiency 
Due to a growing world population as well as better standards of living, consumption of electric power is constantly 
increasing. At the same time, regulatory measures are taken to reduce carbon emissions. This drives the trend towards 
renewable energies (e.g. wind and photovoltaic power), energy transmission, energy storage, efficient power supplies 
(both AC-DC conversion and DC-DC conversion for data centers, IT equipment, and consumer) as well as (smart) 
motor control and drives (for automation, home appliances and battery-powered devices).  
Renewable Energy and Energy Storage 
The Infineon Group benefits from the fact that wind power turbines and photovoltaic power plants require a multiple 
of power semiconductors per megawatt of power generated as compared to conventional power plants. In contrast to 
coal, natural gas or nuclear power plants there is no synchronized turbine generating constant 50 hertz (60 hertz in the 
US) alternating current. This means that the generated electricity cannot be fed directly into the grid and power-
electronic conversion systems are required. In addition, the shift to the use of renewable energy also changes the 
requirements of the entire energy supply chain. Generating electricity by wind and sun does not take place centrally in 
a small number of sites, but rather decentralized at many different locations. Furthermore, fluctuation in power 
generation is typically not aligned with power demand patterns, making temporary storage necessary. 
In addition, hydrogen could play a crucial role in energy supply in the coming years. The Company sees great potential 
in the generation of hydrogen from renewable energy sources, as well as in the use of hydrogen in fuel cells, for 
example in applications like buses, trucks, mining vehicles, ferries, and trains. 
Power Supplies 
The ongoing digitalization also impacts power supplies, increasing the need for efficient AC-DC as well as DC-DC 
conversion. Regarding AC-DC conversion, growth in this area of power supplies comes from improved performance 
as well as unit growth of devices. Infineon sees significant growth potential in the case of servers, especially for use in 
artificial intelligence (AI) enabled data centers, where highest computing performance is crucial and correspondingly 
a high number of power semiconductors is required. Demand for computing power and storage capacity is driven by 
cloud computing, e-commerce, social networks and increasingly by AI applications such as large language models. 
The Infineon Group also sees growth opportunities in business with compact chargers and solutions for wireless

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
charging of smartphones, tablets and lightweight notebooks. Furthermore, 5G telecommunications networks require a 
multitude of power conversion components as compared to prior generations. In DC-DC conversion, intelligent point-
of-load power management is becoming increasingly important. Servers, PCs, routers, and other communication 
devices need to be precisely provided with the required voltages directly at the processor. 
Drives and Automation 
Electric drives are at the heart of a large number of industrial systems, for example cranes, conveyer belts, escalators 
and robots. Electric motors account for approximately a third of worldwide electric power consumption and therefore 
the savings potential is correspondingly large when efficiency is increased. One possibility for reducing the power 
consumption of an electric motor – whether it is an alternating current (AC) motor or a direct current (DC) motor – is 
the use of an electronic control unit for variable speed control which requires a large number of power semiconductor 
components. The Company expects an increasing market penetration of electronic speed control units in the future. 
New regulations in nearly all regions place stricter energy efficiency requirements on home appliances. As a result, 
the manufacturers are increasingly relying on variable speed drive motors, a trend called inverterization. These motors 
are significantly more energy-efficient, emit less noise, and have a longer service life than motors which operate in 
on/off-mode only. Examples are motors and pumps in washing machines and dishwashers, compressors in 
refrigerators, and various drives in air conditioning systems. 
One important type of electric motor is referred to as brushless direct current (BLDC) motor. In BLDC motors the 
commutation is done electronically, depending on rotor position, rotor rotation speed and torque. This calls for 
appropriate power semiconductors and sensors, and, depending on the configuration, also for components for 
diagnostic and security functions. Because of their high level of energy efficiency and their low power-to-weight ratio, 
BLDC motors are particularly well-suited for use in battery-powered systems. Examples here are cordless home 
appliances such as robot vacuum cleaners, do-it-yourself tools, and electric lawn mowers. 
Furthermore, all the examples cited also require additional power semiconductor components for the chargers. Hence, 
with battery-powered devices, the Company benefits from higher semiconductor content.  
4.1.2.2 Growth Area Mobility 
Global population growth and increasing urbanization and industrialization are driving the demand for all types of 
transportation: from forms of mass transportation such as aircraft and trains to privately used vehicles like cars and e-
bikes. The Infineon Group benefits from the increased number of vehicles and especially from the growth in the number 
of electronic systems per vehicle.  
Electromobility, Charging Infrastructure and Traction 
Driven by regulatory requirements, the automotive industry is continuously working to reduce emissions. European 
Commission regulations require the reduction in fleet average emissions. With the latest adopted amendment to the 
EU light-duty vehicles CO2 standards on 28 March 2023, the EU will introduce a 100% CO2 emission reduction target 
for all cars and vans newly registered from 2035 onwards. The passenger vehicle reduction target for 2030 – 2034 is 
49 grams of CO2 per kilometer based on WLTP (Worldwide Harmonized Light Vehicle Test Procedure); the passenger 
vehicle reduction target for 2025 – 2029 is 93 grams of CO2 per kilometer based on WLTP. Comparable regulations 
aimed at bringing down emissions exist in other major regions of the world. In order to reduce the fleet average to the 
mandated CO2 emission target value, car manufacturers add hybrid or pure electric vehicles to their portfolio. These 
have a significantly higher semiconductor content than conventional cars. The Infineon Group offers a wide range of 
semiconductor components for these applications. 
The steadily increasing number of electric vehicles also requires building up a corresponding charging infrastructure. 
Depending on the system topology, the charging stations use different types of power semiconductors. 
In addition, sustainable and fast mobility within metropolitan areas as well as between big cities is one of the key topics 
of the 21st century. The Infineon Group's components are used both in local public transportation trains, subway trains 
and trams as well as in high-speed trains. 
Automated Driving 
Today, the majority of innovations in vehicles is based on electronics. The Infineon Group provides a comprehensive 
product portfolio for software-defined vehicles and the various levels of automated driving. Systems for partially and

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
fully automated driving essentially consist of sensors (for example radar, cameras, light detection and ranging, ultra-
sonic), a central high-performance computer for the fusion and evaluation of sensor data as well as calculation of the 
driving strategy (the system's intelligence) and actuators (steering, brakes, engine control and transmission). The higher 
the level of automation of a car (referred to as L1 to L5), the more semiconductors are required to implement the 
desired functionality. For safety reasons, redundancy of sub-systems is required, again driving the semiconductor 
content per car. The Infineon Group, in this context, especially provides 32-bit microcontrollers, special memory 
integrated circuits (ICs), power semiconductors, power management ICs, radar sensor ICs, and security ICs.  
4.1.2.3 Growth Area IoT 
The Internet of Things refers to devices and machines connected to the internet, thus enabling data exchange and device 
control. The Infineon Group provides end-to-end systems for a connected, secure world building on microcontrollers, 
wireless connectivity and security solutions. The Infineon Group supplies microcontrollers, sensors, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth 
and combined connectivity solutions, power semiconductors for power supplies and motor control, as well as 
hardware-based security solutions. 
Industry 4.0 is another driver for an increasing demand for security solutions. A combination of software and hardware-
based security solutions can protect networked machines and communication nodes. Examples are the trusted platform 
module (TPM) chips from the Infineon Group, which can be integrated in IT equipment, industrial PCs and complex 
control units and which serve to identify devices to communication partners in the network. In addition, the advancing 
of the digital transformation of industrial production (Industrial Internet of Things – IIoT) uses sensors, 
microcontrollers and actuators to make machines smarter and connected within the manufacturing process and supply 
chain. This makes the supply chain and manufacturing process more efficient.  
Furthermore, the growth area and growth driver IoT & big data includes collaborative robots, human machine 
interaction, wearables, virtual reality/augmented reality, smart home, smart building, edge computing and mobile 
communications.  
The Infineon Group offers not only the necessary sensors, microcontrollers, connectivity solutions and power 
semiconductors, but also provides numerous start-ups as well as research institutions with knowhow in the area of 
motor control, sensor systems, communications, and security. As far as possible, Infineon provides all the necessary 
semiconductor components and the software required to control its components. The Group offers its customers 
ModusToolbox™, a software and development environment which is supposed to be intuitive to use. The Infineon 
Group's sensors such as micro-electro-mechanical systems (MEMS)-based microphones, MEMS-based pressure 
sensors, radar sensor ICs, and ambient sensors are used in various human-machine-interaction applications such as 
voice assistants or gesture controls. 
In the upcoming years, the abovementioned structural trends are expected to continue to drive the Group's growth. The 
Infineon Group wants to take advantage of the resulting opportunities and aims to outgrow the respective markets as 
well as to increase its profitability step by step. 
Security 
The increasing degree of interconnection between humans, machines and devices demands greater IT security: from 
the manufacturing industry and smart home applications to information and communication technologies. Infineon 
provides its customers with robust, future-oriented embedded security hardware for electronic devices, computer 
systems, network components and industrial facilities. These security technologies make it possible to authenticate 
people and machines, protect confidential data and detect unauthorized changes to networked machines and devices. 
In the industry, this trend is already evident. Relevant applications include government ID documents, security for 
mobile devices, security for contactless payment, secure authentication for the IoT, security for industrial applications 
(smart factories) and IT equipment, security for home appliances and consumer electronics, and security for connected 
vehicles. For example, the market penetration of chip-based government ID documents is constantly increasing, as 
more and more countries are making the transition to chip-based documents or are increasing the range of such 
documents in use.  
The development of smartphones and wearables, the mobile internet and Near Field Communication (NFC) technology 
has made it possible to integrate payment services into today's mobile devices. However, cashless payment is just one 
of many of the functions of mobile devices requiring the storage and processing of sensitive data. Travelers on public 
transportation, for example, enjoy the convenience of using mobile tickets instead of coins or physical tickets. These 
applications require special security solutions such as a security chip called a Secure Element. The Secure Element 
can either be built into the smartphone (when it is referred to as an embedded Secure Element, or eSecure Element) or

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
integrated into the SIM card. Furthermore, the demand for data and IT security in connected vehicles is rising. The 
Infineon Group addresses this opportunity with its security controllers – either as a separate component or integrated 
in their microcontrollers.  
4.1.3 
The Infineon Group's Segments 
In addition to general areas within the Group, such as manufacturing and various corporate functions, Infineon 
comprises four segments (also known as divisions). Each segment focuses on the needs of its own target markets and 
applications and also has individual responsibility for specific areas that reflect its core competencies. The Automotive 
segment is responsible for the semiconductor business for automotive electronics. The Green Industrial Power segment 
concentrates on power semiconductors primarily used in industrial applications and renewable energy, while the Power 
& Sensor Systems segment addresses not only sensor technologies but also power supplies in general, including those 
for data centers (especially those required for AI), telecommunications networks and more consumer-oriented 
applications. Activities relating to IoT including Edge AI and traditional and new security applications are bundled 
within the Connected Secure Systems segment. The segments often cooperate with one another to ensure 
comprehensive coverage of the requirements of the various target markets. Since 1 March 2024, marketing activities 
for all segments have been combined within one central organization comprising the following newly created 
marketing segments: Automotive, Industrial & Infrastructure and Consumer, Computing & Communication. The intent 
here is to offer customers easier access to Infineon's entire portfolio and meet their specific requirements by providing 
complementary, coordinated products from the various divisions. 
Infineon expanded its core competencies and uses them throughout the Group. 
Core competence 
Automotive 
Green 
Industrial 
Power 
Power & 
Sensor 
Systems 
Connected 
Secure 
Systems 
Sensor technologies 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
Radio frequency 
✓ 
 
✓ 
 
Embedded control 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
Control of power semiconductors 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
Power semiconductors 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
 
Memories for specific applications 
✓ 
 
 
 
Connectivity 
✓ 
 
✓ 
✓ 
Security 
✓ 
 
 
✓ 
Software 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
✓ 
Moreover, the Group's markets are converging more and more, so that a strict organizational separation is not 
appropriate. Technologies and products are increasingly being used across the segments in line with the Group's 
strategic approach "Product to System". Digital transformation in particular requires flexible and innovative 
approaches. Teams from various organizational units work together on an application-oriented and expertise-specific 
basis. In such cases, one segment takes responsibility for the overall system and develops the road map for the 
application, while responsibility for the technologies and products required remains in the established organizational 
units of other segments. Similarly, the segments collaborate on technology development. High-voltage power 
semiconductors for electromobility are, for example, a core topic in the area of automotive electronics, so it follows 
that the Automotive segment assumes responsibility here. On the other hand, it is the Green Industrial Power segment 
that takes on responsibility for fundamental developments in Insulated-Gate Bipolar Transistors (IGBT) technology, 
IGBT module housing technology and silicon carbide (SiC) technology.

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
The Automotive Segment 
The Automotive segment provides semiconductors and semiconductor solutions for automotive applications to make 
cars clean, safe and smart. The Infineon Group covers all key application areas in the vehicle: powertrain and energy 
management, connectivity and infotainment, body and comfort electronics, as well as safety and security. Infineon is 
a world market leader in semiconductor solutions for the car. The Group's range of products and solutions helps to 
navigate the transition from internal combustion engines to hybrid or electric drives, as well as enabling an ever-
increasing degree of automated driving, as well as the software-defined vehicle which is characterized by increased 
connectivity and digitalization along with greater data security. The Group also offers its customers innovative 
solutions in the areas of safety, the digital cockpit, infotainment, comfort and lighting technology. The Group's product 
portfolio includes sensors, microcontrollers, software solutions, a reliable power supply, memories for specific 
applications and power semiconductors based on silicon (Si), SiC, and gallium nitride (GaN). 
Applications and product range of the Automotive segment:  
Applications 
 
 
Product range 
 
Assistance systems and 
safety systems 
› ABS (anti-blocking 
system) 
› Airbag 
› Automatic parking 
› Blind spot detection 
› Cruise control 
› Distance control 
› E/E architecture 
› Power distribution 
› On-board network 
› Electronic chassis control 
› Electronic power steering 
› Emergency braking 
assistant 
› ESP (Electronic Stability 
Program) 
› Lane departure warning 
system 
› Tire pressure monitoring 
system 
 
Comfort electronics 
› Air conditioning 
› Body control units 
› Door electronics 
› Electronic seat 
adjustment 
› Hatch door 
› Massage functionality 
› Lighting 
› Power window 
› Steering 
› Sunroof 
› Suspension 
› Windshield wipers 
 
Infotainment 
› Connectivity for in-
cabin infotainment 
› Digital instrument 
cluster 
 
Powertrain 
› Battery charging 
control 
› Battery management 
› Combustion engine 
control 
› DC-DC converter 
› Electric motor 
control 
› Generator control 
› Start-stop system 
› Thermal 
management 
› Transmission control 
 
Security 
› Communication 
- car-to-car 
- car-to-
infrastructure 
› Original spare parts 
authentication 
› Protection against 
manipulation (e.g. 
odometer) 
› Protection against 
software manipulation 
› Remote keyless entry 
› Tachograph 
 
 
› 32-bit automotive 
microcontrollers for 
powertrain, safety, driver 
assistance systems, 
infotainment and digital 
display systems 
› Discrete power 
semiconductors 
› IGBT modules 
› Industrial microcontrollers 
› Magnetic and pressure 
sensors 
› Memory ICs (NOR flash, 
SRAM, nvSRAM, F-RAM) 
› Power ICs 
› Sensors (3D-ToF, pressure, 
magnetic, 77 GHz radar, 
current)  
› SiC diodes, SiC 
MOSFETs, SiC modules 
› Transceivers (CAN, CAN 
FD, LIN, Ethernet, 
FlexRay™) 
› Voltage regulators 
 
 
The automotive industry, in the Issuer's view, continues to experience a period of profound upheaval. The car of the 
future will be a purely electric vehicle, assisted, fully connected and always online. Even if this will not yet apply to 
every newly produced car by the end of the current decade, Infineon is still seeing an acceleration in structural change 
compared with previous decades. The reasons for this are the desire for vehicles which are ever-safer, ever-smarter 
and increasingly connected and the need for compliance with ever-stricter emission standards and therefore for 
sustainable mobility. This is evident from automotive growth areas: electromobility, automated driving, connectivity 
and security. Infineon Group is contributing to the change and wants to benefit disproportionately from this trend. In 
the traditional applications, the Group's growth will be driven by new functions in the areas of connectivity, lighting 
technology, comfort and safety on the one hand, and on the other by continuing electrification of various vehicle

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
functions. This means that the number of electronic components per vehicle and therefore the value of the 
semiconductor content per vehicle will most likely increase. 
Infineon is of the opinion that it has a leading product portfolio of automotive semiconductor solutions across the 
industry. With a high level of system expertise, Infineon can handle a wide range of automotive applications. These 
include powertrain, assistance systems, safety, comfort electronics, digital instrument clusters, infotainment 
applications and security. Infineon supports the trend towards increasing connectivity. This includes both the 
communication between the various control units within the vehicle and the communication with other vehicles 
(vehicle-to-vehicle) and with the cloud (vehicle-to-infrastructure). It also includes the connection of mobile devices 
via Wi-Fi and Bluetooth for in-cabin infotainment. In the area of human-machine interaction, switches, buttons and 
dials will increasingly be replaced by touch pads. Human-machine interaction also includes head-up displays.  
The Group is benefiting from the trend towards automated driving, on the one hand, with its 77 gigahertz radar sensor 
ICs, which are used in emergency braking systems and increasingly in lane change assistance systems. On the other 
hand, the Infineon Group also provides dedicated microcontrollers which undertake a significant part of the radar 
signal processing. Infineon Group's microcontrollers are not only used in driver assistance systems that are radar-based, 
but also in those that are camera-based, as well as in sensor fusion systems up to Level 2+. The intermediate Level 2+ 
includes those functions which are part of Level 3 except for the function of the complex handover of vehicle control 
between the vehicle and the driver. 
For electromobility, Infineon offers an extensive range of power semiconductors and control ICs as well as battery 
management solutions for the efficient charging and monitoring of battery systems for all types of electric vehicles: 
pure electric vehicles, plug-in hybrid vehicles and mild hybrid vehicles with 48-volt technology. The Group's portfolio 
also covers vehicles based on emerging hydrogen technology. Apart from Si-based semiconductor solutions, Infineon 
offers its customers alternative scalable solutions in the fast-growing market for SiC-based components (diodes, 
discrete metal–oxide–semiconductor field-effect transistors (MOSFETs) and power modules) for greater efficiency 
and more compact design in the areas of drive trains and onboard chargers. In the medium term, the Group is expanding 
its portfolio to include components based on GaN. On 24 October 2023, for instance, Infineon acquired all of the shares 
in GaN Systems Inc., which virtually doubled the number of GaN specialists within the Infineon Group. Both 
compound materials, SiC and GaN offer additional potential for improvements in efficiency and power density. 
The Group's product portfolio meets the high quality and reliability requirements of the automotive industry. For some 
time now, Infineon has provided concepts and solutions for reliability at the component and subsystem level and 
pursues an integrated approach here. Its semiconductor solutions enable systems to meet the high functional safety 
requirements set out in ISO 26262. The microcontrollers of Infineon's AURIX™ family are used in, for example, 
steering and brake and are used as host controllers that contribute towards the functional safety of central control units. 
Real-time capability, high computing power and low power consumption are the decisive characteristics. 
Key customers in the Automotive segment include: Aptiv, Astemo, BorgWarner, Bosch, BYD, Continental, Denso, 
Forvia, Hyundai, Keboda, Mando, Magna, Valeo, Veoneer, Vitesco, and ZF.  
The Green Industrial Power Segment 
The Green Industrial Power segment specializes in semiconductor solutions for the intelligent management and 
efficient conversion of electric energy along the entire value chain, comprising the generation, transmission, storage 
and use of electricity. The product portfolio comprises mainly power transistors based on Si and SiC and the driver 
ICs to control them. Infineon offers products in the Green Industrial Power segment, whether Si-based or SiC-based, 
in various form factors and with different levels of functionality. The segment's broad application spectrum includes 
motor control units for industrial manufacturing and building technology, inverters for photovoltaic and wind power 
systems, major home appliances, traction, electric utility vehicles (such as buses, construction and agricultural 
vehicles), systems for high-voltage direct current transmission and energy storage, industrial power supplies and the 
charging infrastructure for electric vehicles.

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
Applications of the Green Industrial Power segment:  
Applications 
 
 
Product range 
 
Energy generation 
› Photovoltaic systems 
› Wind power turbines 
 
Energy storage 
› Grid stability 
› Home usage 
› Urban district 
› Wall box 
 
Energy transmission 
› FACTS (Flexible AC 
transmission systems) 
› Offshore wind farm HVDC 
transmission lines 
› Overland HVDC 
transmission lines 
 
 
Home appliances 
› Air conditioners 
› Dishwashers 
› Induction cooktops 
› Microwave ovens 
› Refrigerators 
› Vacuum cleaners 
› Washing machines 
 
Industrial drives1 
› Air conditioning 
technology 
› Automation technology 
› Drives technologies 
› Elevator systems 
› Escalators 
› Materials handling 
› Oil derricks 
› Pipelines 
› Rolling mills 
 
 
Industrial power 
supplies 
› Auxiliary power 
supplies 
› Battery chargers 
› Charging stations for 
electric vehicles 
› Home energy storage 
› Uninterruptable 
power supplies 
 
Industrial Robotics 
 
Industrial vehicles 
› Agricultural vehicles 
› Construction vehicles 
› Electric delivery 
vehicles 
› Forklifts 
› Hybrid busses 
 
Traction 
› High-speed trains 
› Locomotives 
› Metro trains 
› Trams 
 
 
› Bare die business 
› Discrete IGBTs 
› Driver ICs 
› IGBT modules (low-
power, medium-power, 
high-power) 
› IGBT module solutions 
including IGBT stacks 
› Intelligent IGBT modules 
with integrated 
control unit, driver and 
switch 
› SiC MOSFETs, SiC 
diodes, SiC modules 
1 
Including motors, compressors, pumps and fans 
Looking across the segments, the Green Industrial Power segment benefits from the range of microcontrollers as well 
as connectivity and security solutions on offer in the Connected Secure Systems segment. This opens the door to new 
markets and additional growth potential in the application areas for which the Green Industrial Power segment is 
responsible. Other key business drivers in this segment are decarbonization, electrification and energy efficiency. 
With this expanded range, Infineon can address a larger proportion of the semiconductor value in an application, which 
will enable the Infineon Group to continue to grow in its existing markets, while Infineon can also offer its customers 
easy-to-use complete solutions. Understanding the newly acquired products and markets also enables Infineon to 
expand the scope of its operations. Infineon can see the potential for synergies. EV charging is one example where 
Infineon offers a complete solution including power, control, connectivity and security. 
Key customers in the Green Industrial Power segment include: ABB, Alpitronic, Alstom, Bloomenergy, CRRC, 
Goldwind, Inovance, LG Electronics, Midea, Omron, Rockwell Automation, Schneider Electric, Semikron Danfoss, 
Siemens, SMA, Sungrow, Vestas, and Yaskawa. 
The Power & Sensor Systems Segment 
The Power & Sensor Systems segment encompasses a large selection of technologies relating to power 
semiconductors, radio frequency (RF) and sensors. The Group uses these technologies to make electronic devices like 
power supplies, power tools, lighting systems, mobile devices and industrial and consumer applications smaller, lighter 
and more energy-efficient, as well as to develop new functionalities. Infineon Group is drawing on the next generation 
of new, innovative solutions based on Si, SiC and GaN products for applications in the areas of data centers (especially 
for AI), power supplies and adapters, battery-powered devices, 5G and renewable energy (especially for roof-top solar 
systems). Infineon's portfolio of products for power supplies, comprising control ICs, drivers and MOSFETs, addresses 
the two key requirements of the market: efficiency and power density. The portfolio is rounded off with USB

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
controllers, sensors and radio frequency products such as RF antenna switches, RF power transistors and low-noise 
amplifiers. 
Applications and product range of the Power & Sensor Systems segment:  
 
Applications 
 
 
Product range 
Audio amplifiers 
› Battery-powered 
loudspeakers 
› Smart speakers 
 
Automotive electronics 
› Blind spot detection 
› In-cabin USB PD charging 
› Onboard charger 
› Power train for low-speed 
electric vehicles 
 
BLDC motor 
› Battery-powered electronic 
devices, e.g., 
– Cordless screwdrivers 
– Drills 
– Lawn mowers 
– Power saws 
– Robotic Vacuum cleaners 
and vacuum cleaners 
› Battery-powered power tools, 
e.g., 
› eBikes 
› eScooters 
› Multi-copters 
 
Cellular communications 
infrastructure 
› Base stations 
 
Charging stations for electric 
vehicles 
 
Human-machine interaction 
IoT 
› Communications 
› Sensors 
› Smart speakers 
› Voice control 
 
LED and conventional 
lighting systems 
 
Microinverter for roof-
top systems 
 
Mobile devices 
› Activity trackers 
› Health care trackers 
› Navigation devices 
› Smartphones 
› Tablets 
 
Power management 
(chargers, adapters, 
power supplies, DC-DC 
conversion, wireless 
charging) 
› AI Data centers 
› Consumer electronics 
› Data centers 
› Home appliances 
› Mobile devices 
› PCs and notebooks 
› Servers 
› Telecommunication 
technology 
 
Special applications in 
harsh environments 
› Aerospace systems 
› Aviation technologies 
› Defense technologies 
› Oil and gas exploration 
› Submarine 
telecommunications 
 
 
 
› 3D ToF sensors 
› Chips for gas sensors 
› Chips for MEMS 
microphones 
› Chips for pressure 
sensors 
› Control ICs for power 
switches 
› Customized chips 
(ASICs) 
› Discrete low-voltage, 
mid-voltage and high-
voltage power MOSFETs 
(Si-based) 
› GaN power switches 
› GPS low-noise amplifier 
› Low-voltage and high-
voltage driver ICs 
› Radar sensor ICs (24 
GHz, 60 GHz) 
› RF antenna switches 
› RF power transistors 
› SiC diodes, SiC 
MOSFETs 
› TVS (transient voltage 
suppressor) diode 
› USB controller 
 
 
The key requirements for power semiconductors are high efficiency levels, the best possible performance and a small 
form factor. Here, Infineon is able to offer solutions covering all the key active components of the system, i.e. control 
ICs, drivers and MOSFET switches. Currently, Si is the predominant base material for power switches. However, 
Infineon notices an accelerating trend towards increased use of power semiconductor products that are based on the 
new materials SiC and GaN. These result in far lower switching losses, which means that significant increases in 
efficiency and power density can be achieved.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
Digital controls are another factor contributing to improved performance. Power management is moving away from 
analog systems and becoming increasingly digital (Digital Power Management). Digital control ICs also allow for 
greater functionality. These functionalities have been further enhanced by the microcontrollers and connectivity 
solutions the Group added to its product portfolio when Infineon acquired Cypress. Infineon is now offering its 
customers not only wireless connection technologies (Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and Bluetooth Low Energy) but also wired 
USB-C controllers, which transmit both signals and power. 
Power & Sensor Systems' broad sensor portfolio allows machines and other electrical devices to communicate with 
their surroundings, depending on their situation. The various types of sensors emulate the human senses. MEMS 
microphones are a substitute for human ears, radar and time-of-flight (ToF) sensors provide 3-D vision, while gas 
sensors replicate the sense of smell. Any of these sensors can be combined with microcontrollers and connectivity 
solutions. In the area of radio frequency, the Company offers high-performance products for various special 
applications, such as amplifying the signal in cell phones and communicating between the cell phone and the base 
station. The product portfolio is supplemented by GaN-on-Si power transistors for use in 5G base stations. 
Key customers in the Power & Sensor Systems segment include: Amazon, Cisco, Dell, Delta, Enphase, Ericsson, 
Google, HP, Liteon, Makita, Panasonic, Samsung, SolarEdge and ZTE.  
The Connected Secure Systems Segment 
The Connected Secure Systems segment provides comprehensive systems for a secure, connected world, based on 
reliable microcontrollers, and wireless connectivity solutions as well as security solutions. In particular, Infineon offers 
microcontroller solutions, Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, Ultra-wideband (UWB) and NFC solutions, and combined connectivity 
solutions (known as combo chips), along with hardware-based security technologies and an efficient software 
environment for the programming and configuration of the microcontrollers and connectivity components, that cover 
many application areas: devices for IoT applications, connected home appliances and smart home appliances, IT 
equipment, consumer electronics, cloud security and connected vehicles, as well as credit and debit cards, electronic 
passports and national identity cards. With the Group's technologies in the areas of computing, connectivity and 
security, Infineon is contributing towards ensuring that current and future connected systems are reliably protected 
since communication and data security go hand in hand. These also include microcontrollers focusing on machine 
learning, such as those for Edge AI applications. 
Applications and product range of the Connected Secure Systems segment:  
Applications 
 
 
Product range 
 
Authentication 
› Accessories 
› Brand protection 
› Game consoles 
› Industrial control systems 
› Printer cartridges  
 
Automotive 
› Connected vehicles  
- eCall 
- Car-to-car 
communications 
- Car-to-infrastructure 
communications 
› Electronic toll collection (toll 
collect) 
› In-cabin infotainment 
› Protection against 
manipulation (e.g., 
tachographs) 
 
 
Consumer electronics 
› Game consoles 
› Remote control 
› Smart watches and 
activity trackers 
 
Government 
identification 
documents 
› Driver's licenses 
› Healthcare cards 
› National identity cards 
› Passports 
› Social insurance cards 
 
IoT 
› Edge AI 
› Industry 4.0 
› IT equipment 
› Smart City 
› Smart Home 
 
Mobile 
communications 
› Embedded SIM 
(machine-to-machine 
communication) 
- Consumer 
applications 
- IoT applications 
› SIM cards 
 
Payment systems 
› Credit/debit cards 
› Mobile payment 
› NFC-based 
contactless payment 
 
Ticketing, access 
control 
 
Trusted Computing 
 
› Connectivity solutions 
(Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, BLE, 
UWB) 
› Embedded security 
controllers (Embedded 
SIM, Authentication, 
Trusted Computing) 
› Microcontroller for 
consumer electronics and 
industrial applications 
› Security controller 
(contact-based, contactless, 
dual-interface) 
 
 
Digital transformation is penetrating more and more areas of the Group's daily operations. Digitalization is a key aspect 
of many applications. As a result of the acquisition of Cypress, the Group was able to expand its product and

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
competence portfolio in this area by including microcontrollers and connectivity solutions. IoT in particular offers 
Infineon new opportunities for growth. Starting with consumer IoT, Infineon will also continue to expand its IoT 
industrial applications. It is precisely these applications that require greater integration of security solutions into the 
design of intelligent devices, connected vehicles, companies and Industry 4.0 factories. The security aspect will 
continue to be imperative to provide defense against attacks - whether these involve theft of intellectual property or 
private data, fraud or manipulation. 
One of the main reasons for the acquisition of Cypress was to strengthen the Group's competencies and expand its 
portfolio in the area of microcontrollers (MCUs). Cypress' PSoC™ family of microcontrollers have traditionally had 
a greater presence in consumer and IoT applications. The strength of the XMC™ family of microcontrollers, on the 
other hand, lies in industrial applications such as motor drives, automation and communication, power conversion and 
LED lighting. In line with Infineon's strategic approach "Product to System", the Group incorporates security functions 
for example into special microcontrollers. This enables us to adapt even more specifically to the level of security 
desired by the customer.  
Infineon Group's product range now also includes hardware and software for connectivity solutions, developed by 
Cypress specifically for IoT applications. The portfolio comprises components for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth and BLE 
transmission standards. Together with industrial microcontrollers, these can be included in complete solutions not only 
for customers in the Connected Secure Systems segment, but also for customers in the Green Industrial Power and 
Power & Sensor Systems segments. To do so, products in the Green Industrial Power and Power & Sensor Systems 
segments are assembled in a manner specific to the application and combined using software components to create a 
complete solution in a compact form factor. 
Cypress has had years of experience in software development and system knowhow. This enables Infineon to develop 
reference designs even more quickly for easy-to-use applications. This approach is important, because in the future 
there will be more and more customers whose products are acquiring IoT capabilities for the first time (i.e. they are 
"connected"), yet whose expertise does not lie in connecting their products to the internet. As far as possible, Infineon 
provides all the necessary semiconductor components and the software required to control its components. The 
application software remains the customer's responsibility. 
The Infineon Group has expanded its core competence in security, originally acquired in traditional smartcard 
applications (payment cards and official identity documents), to cover the fast-growing area of embedded security 
applications and it has established itself as a provider of security solutions with a chip that functions as a reliable anchor 
for security. Software is becoming an increasingly important element of the solutions the Group provides, right through 
to the complete product. Infineon Group offers its customers solutions for secure authentication, encryption and 
protection against unauthorized access, all the way to complete system solutions for payment transactions or for PC 
protection. With SECORA™ Connect, the product family has been expanded to include a solution for coin cell-
powered, wearables such as smart watches. The solution combines a Secure Element with a system-in-package NFC 
antenna, facilitating the integration and management of payment applications for device manufacturers, as well as 
ticketing and access solutions. 
Embedded security applications provide the Group with the opportunity to advance into new application areas, 
including for example authenticating devices for IoT applications and connecting vehicles, but also protecting smart 
factories in industry. Growth in this area is being driven by increasing data exchange. Vehicles, for example, send real-
time traffic information to the cloud, or receive software updates from the manufacturer "over the air", meaning that 
the software can be updated quickly and cost-effectively. Infineon's OPTIGA™ TPM secures all the major 
communication channels in the car, such as the central gateway, the telematic unit and access to the infotainment 
system. 
Key customers in the Connected Secure Systems segment include: AdvanIDe, Amazon, Arlo, Austriacard, CPI Card 
Group, Giesecke & Devrient, GPO, Haier, Hisense, HP, Idemia, Midea, Nintendo, Perfect Plastic, Raspberry Pi, 
Samsung, Sony, Thales.  
Other Operating Segments 
Other Operating Segments mainly comprise the remaining activities of divested businesses, and other business 
activities.

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
Corporate and Elimination 
Corporate and Eliminations reflects the elimination of intragroup revenue and profits/losses to the extent that these 
arise between the segments.  
Similarly, certain items are included in Corporate and Eliminations, which are not allocated to the other segments. 
These include certain corporate headquarters costs and selected topics, which are not allocated to the segments since 
they arise from corporate decisions and are not within the direct control of segment management.  
4.1.4 
Manufacturing 
As of the date of the Prospectus, Infineon maintains a total of 15 manufacturing sites in 10 countries: Villach (Austria); 
Wuxi (Mainland China); Dresden, Regensburg and Warstein (all Germany); Cegléd (Hungary); Batam (Indonesia); 
Kulim, and Melaka (all Malaysia); Tijuana (Mexico); Singapore; Bangkok (Thailand); and Austin, Leominster and 
Mesa (all USA). 
Infineon is continuing to expand its in-house manufacturing in areas in which the Group creates added value for the 
customer and differentiation for Infineon. Thus, Infineon manufactures products in its own fabs when doing so means 
that the customers benefit from lower cost, higher performance or improved availability. This has been the case until 
now, for example, for power semiconductors and sensors. Customers recognize the competitive advantage offered by 
Infineon's in-house manufacturing by entering into long-term supply contracts and capacity reservation arrangements. 
Some customers make multi-year advance payments that support Infineon's cash flow in periods when Infineon is 
investing in expansion of its production capacity. However, where manufacturing in the Group's fabs offers no 
additional customer benefit or opportunity to differentiate from the competition, Infineon works together with contract 
manufacturers. This is predominantly the case for highly integrated digital products such as microcontrollers, 
connectivity components and security ICs, where the differentiation arises mainly from the design and the software. 
To ensure delivery capability, even in times of scarce production capacity in the standard technologies, Infineon has 
signed supply agreements with contract manufacturers, sometimes covering a period of several years.  
Infineon's 300-millimeter thin wafer manufacturing technology for power semiconductors is a clear indication of the 
value of differentiating manufacturing in its own fabs. As pioneers of this technology, the level of production which 
Infineon has now reached allows it to achieve significant economies of scale. Compared with manufacturing on 200-
millimeter wafers, the Group benefits from significantly lower costs and lower capital investment. This has enabled 
Infineon to maintain the lead. With the factory at the Villach site (Austria), together with the 300-millimeter 
manufacturing facility in Dresden (Germany), the Group has established a closely coordinated manufacturing network 
across the two sites. In line with the "One Virtual Fab" concept, Infineon is using the same processes, equipment, and 
automation and digitalization concepts in Villach and in Dresden. This generates economies of scale, but it also benefits 
the customer, as Infineon has the flexibility to shift production volumes between the sites. Infineon is applying a similar 
concept in the area of compound semiconductors between our sites in Villach and Kulim (Malaysia). The recently 
inaugurated third module in Kulim is also able to generate synergies with the existing 200-millimeter production 
infrastructure.  
Expanding capacity in line with expected market trends over the cycle has proved very effective and forward-thinking. 
In Kulim, Infineon intends to create one of the world's largest and highly competitive manufacturing facility for SiC 
semiconductors, reflected in a particularly efficient production landscape and substantial economies of scale. Infineon 
is also expanding at the site in Dresden as planned to include an additional 300-millimeter module for analog mixed-
signal products as well as power semiconductors. These can be used in a wide variety of applications, such as data 
centers, automotive and IoT. The new factory combines the two growth areas, decarbonization and digitalization, and 
is designed to meet demand from Infineon's customers in the second half of the decade. 
Infineon's supply chains and production are both resilient. The manufacturing facilities are spread across all major 
regions of the world, and the contract manufacturer and supplier base is broadly diversified. The investment in a 
production company in Germany (European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company, ESMC), which was founded 
under the leadership of the Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (TSMC) and in which Infineon holds a 
10 percent stake, plays an important role in the geographical diversification of the supply chains. The groundbreaking 
ceremony for the factory in Dresden operated by ESMC took place in August 2024.

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
4.2 
MARKET ENVIRONMENT AND COMPETITION  
In the 2024 calendar year, it is estimated that worldwide semiconductor revenues reached EUR 616 billion, an increase 
of 22% compared to EUR 505 billion in the previous year.14 The semiconductor market is fragmented. Only the five 
largest semiconductor companies had market shares of more than 5% each in the calendar year 2023.15 
Among the 10 largest semiconductor companies, Infineon considers only the following companies to compete with 
Infineon: Samsung (only in security ICs and in some very specific memory ICs), Micron (only in some very specific 
memory ICs), Qualcomm (only in connectivity ICs), and Texas Instruments. 
In the 2024 fiscal year, Infineon's revenue decreased by EUR 1,354 million or 8% to EUR 14,955 million (previous 
year: EUR 16,309 million). The principal reason for the decline in revenue was market weakness in consumer, 
communication, computing and IoT applications as well as lower selling prices. Customers are continuing to reduce 
the semiconductor inventories they built up in response to extremely tight supply situation after the Covid-19 
pandemic, especially in the areas of classic automotive applications and renewable energy. There was also a slowdown 
in growth in the electromobility sector. In addition, adverse exchange rate effects were to be seen during the 2024 
fiscal year. 
In previous years, the Infineon Group held several top positions:  
• 
a #1 position in the 2023 automotive semiconductor market with a market share of 13.7%;16 
• 
a #1 position in the 2023 total power semiconductor market for discretes and modules (size: USD 35.7 
billion) with a market share of 20.8%;17 
• 
a #1 position in the 2023 total security IC market (excluding NFC controller and excluding NFC embedded 
Secure Element) with a market share of 24.7%;18 
• 
a #2 position in the 2023 total microcontroller market (size: USD 28.0 billion) with a market share of 
17.8%;19 
• 
a #2 position in the 2023 NOR Flash memory market with a market share of 17.6%;20  
• 
a #9 position in the 2023 global semiconductor market (size: USD 546 billion) with a market share of 3.2%, 
and a #5 position in the 2023 Infineon reference market (size: USD 393 billion) with a market share of 
4.4%. Among European semiconductor manufacturers in the 2023 calendar year, Infineon was in first place 
in the semiconductor market and in second place in the Infineon reference market.21 Comparatively weaker 
growth in the Infineon reference market was due primarily to moderate demand in the Automotive segment 
and the decline in demand in the industrial sector and in consumer markets. There was also a slowdown in 
growth in the area of renewable energy. 
For the Automotive segment, in the 2023 calendar year, the worldwide market for automotive semiconductors 
amounted to USD 69.2 billion, an increase of 16.5% (2022: USD 59.4 billion). The four largest competitors in the 
2023 calendar year were NXP (market share of 10.8%), STMicroelectronics (10.2%), Texas Instruments (8.5%), and 
Renesas (6.7%).22  
 
14  Based on or includes research from Omdia, Application Market Forecast Tool (AMFT), Q4 2024, December 2024. Information is not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
15  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Annual 2001 – 2023 Semiconductor Market Share Competitive Landscaping Tool – Q3 2024. 
November, 2024. Information is not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
As of the date of this Prospectus respective data for the calendar year 2024 is not yet available. 
16  All data referred to in this paragraph is derived from TechInsights: Automotive Semiconductor Vendor Market Shares. April 2024. 
17  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Power Semiconductor Market Share Database – 2023 v2. November 2024. Results are not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
18  Distributed with permission of ABI Research – Source: ABI Research Custom: Secure IC Revenues by Manufacturer (excluding NFC). 
September 2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party’s own risk. 
19  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Annual 2001-2023 Semiconductor Market Share Competitive Landscaping Tool – 3Q24. November 
2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
20  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Annual 2001-2023 Semiconductor Market Share Competitive Landscaping Tool – 3Q24. November 
2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
21  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Annual 2001-2023 Semiconductor Market Share Competitive Landscaping Tool – 3Q24. November 
2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk.  
22  All data referred to in this paragraph is derived from TechInsights: Automotive Semiconductor Vendor Market Shares. April 2024.

--- Page 53 ---
53 
 
In addition, for the Automotive segment, in the 2023 calendar year, the world market for NOR Flash memory ICs 
stood at USD 2.8 billion (2022: USD 3.4 billion). The Infineon Group's market share based on revenue was 17.6% in 
2023. The four largest competitors were Winbond (23.0%), GigaDevice (16.9%), Macronix (16.3%) and Micron 
(9.5%).23 
The worldwide market for power discretes and modules amounted to USD 35.7 billion in the 2023 calendar year. 
Infineon Group's market share based on revenues was 20.8% in 2023. The four largest competitors were onsemi (9.2%), 
STMicroelectronics (8.0%), Mitsubishi (4.2%), and Fuji (3.9%).24  
For the Green Industrial Power segment, the worldwide market for IGBT modules reached USD 6.6 billion in the 2023 
calendar year, an increase of 41.0% compared to the previous year value of USD 4.7 billion. The Infineon Group's 
market share based on revenues slightly decreased to 29.7% in 2023 (2022: 30.0%). The four largest competitors in 
the 2023 calendar year were Fuji (10.0%), Mitsubishi (9.3%), Semikron (7.7%), and Starpower (7.1%).25 
For the Power & Sensor Systems segment, in the 2023 calendar year, the world market for MOSFET power transistors 
(incl. Silicon power MOSFETs, Silicon protected MOSFETs, SiC FETs, and GaN power transistors) increased by 
2.9% to USD 13.8 billion (2022: USD 13.4 billion). Infineon Group continued to be the market leader and increased 
its market share based on revenues to 27.0% in 2023. The four largest competitors in the 2023 calendar year were 
STMicroelectronics (13.9%), onsemi (11.4%), Nexperia (5.2%) and Toshiba (4.7%).26  
For the Connected Secure Systems segment, in the 2023 calendar year, the world market for security ICs (excl. NFC 
controller; excl. NFC embedded Secure Element) increased by 6.2% to USD 3.8 billion after USD 3.6 billion for the 
previous year. The four largest competitors in the 2023 calendar year were NXP (19.5%), STMicroelectronics (17.5%), 
CEC HED (8.7%) and TMC (8.1%).27 
4.3 
EMPLOYEES  
As of 31 December 2024, the Infineon Group had 58,008 employees compared to 58,065 at the end of the 2024 fiscal 
year. During the last two fiscal years, Infineon has not suffered any major labor related work disruptions. 
4.4 
INVESTMENTS  
In the 2024 fiscal year, the Infineon Group's investments in property, plant and equipment, and other intangible assets, 
including capitalized development costs amounted to EUR 2,719 million in total, representing a decrease of EUR 275 
million or 9% compared to the EUR 2,994 million invested in the same period of the previous year. Relative to 
revenues, these investments in the 2024 fiscal year decreased to 18.2% compared to the previous year's 18.4%. 
EUR 2,432 million of the overall investment volume was dedicated to property, plant and equipment (previous year: 
EUR 2,739 million) and EUR 287 million to other intangible assets including capitalized development costs (previous 
year: EUR 255 million). 
Infineon’s investing activities continued to focus in the 2024 fiscal year mainly on the expansion of the Smart Power 
Fab in Dresden (Germany), the expansion of volume manufacturing for SiC at the Kulim site (Malaysia) and frontend 
manufacturing in Villach (Austria). 
Investments in the 2024 fiscal year focused on the following areas: 
• 
Extension of frontend manufacturing site in Kulim (Malaysia), where Infineon is investing in a third 
manufacturing module (Kulim 3). This module started production in August 2024 and will be ramped according 
to demand. 
 
23  Based on or includes research from Omdia: Annual 2001-2023 Semiconductor Market Share Competitive Landscaping Tool – 3Q24. November 
2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
24   Based on or includes research from Omdia: Power Semiconductor Market Share Database – 2023 v2. November 2024. Results are not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
25    Based on or includes research from Omdia: Power Semiconductor Market Share Database – 2023 v2. November 2024. Results are not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
26    Based on or includes research from Omdia: Power Semiconductor Market Share Database – 2023 v2. November 2024. Results are not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
27   Distributed with permission of ABI Research – Source: ABI Research Custom: Secure IC Revenues by Manufacturer (excluding NFC). 
September 2024. Results are not an endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party’s own risk.

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
• 
Construction of the fourth module in Dresden. Infineon plans to invest a total of approximately EUR 5 billion 
in the plant, which is set to begin production in 2026. This constitutes the largest single investment in Infineon's 
history. Expansion of production capacities at the existing Dresden site will let Infineon complete the project 
quickly and will also generate considerable effects of scale. Construction started in February 2023, with the 
beginning of manufacturing activities planned for fall 2026. The expansion will create approximately 1,000 
highly qualified jobs. When operating at full capacity, the Dresden Fab will let Infineon achieve additional 
revenues on the order of the investment amount each year. 
• 
Further ramp of volume manufacturing capacity in Villach (Austria) of the Infineon Group's SiC MOSFETs 
and SiC diodes on 150-millimeter wafers. 
For the 2025 fiscal year, Infineon plans investments in the amount at around EUR 2.5 billion. Most of the investment 
relates to the construction and expansion of frontend manufacturing facilities. The main focus is on the completion of 
the fourth manufacturing module in Dresden (Germany), for smart power technologies for applications such as 
powering AI. The German Federal Ministry for Economic Affairs and Climate Action (BMWK) has approved an early 
project launch, meaning that construction can already begin before completion of the inspection of legal subsidy 
aspects by the European Commission. Subject to the European Commission's state aid decision and the national grant 
procedure, the project is to be funded in accordance with the objectives of the European Chips Act. Infineon is seeking 
public funding of around one billion euros. 
Considerable funds are also being invested in acquiring equipment for the production of products based on silicon 
carbide and gallium nitride. Further amounts invested in frontend facilities will be used to implement structural 
measures, optimize product quality, increase the degree of automation and promote innovation. A significant amount 
of investment is also planned in order to expand capacity and implement structural measures at backend facilities, 
albeit at a much lower level than for frontend facilities.  
Depreciation and amortization are forecast to be about EUR 2.0 billion in the 2025 fiscal year, of which approximately 
EUR 0.4 billion is attributable to amortization from purchase price allocations arising mainly in connection with the 
acquisition of Cypress.  
4.5 
MATERIAL DEBT FINANCINGS 
Infineon Group has the following debt instruments outstanding: 
In April 2016, Infineon issued USD 935 million senior unsecured notes in three series in a US private placement (which 
are also guaranteed by Cypress). On 5 April 2024, one series in the amount of USD 350 million was repaid as 
scheduled. As of the date of this Prospectus, the following two series are outstanding: 
Issuer 
Principal amount in USD million 
Maturity 
Infineon Technologies AG 
350 
05 April 2026 
Infineon Technologies AG 
235 
05 April 2028 
In October 2019, Infineon issued two tranches of perpetual subordinated notes with an aggregate principal amount of 
EUR 600 million each and first reset dates in April 2025 and April 2028, respectively and first call dates in January 
2025 und January 2028, respectively. On 27 January 2025, Infineon published an irrevocable notice of redemption to 
the holders of the EUR 600 million perpetual subordinated notes with a first call date in January 2025. This tranche of 
perpetual subordinated notes will be due for redemption on 28 March 2025 at its principal amount plus accrued and 
unpaid interest. In contrast to the tranche of notes with first reset date in April 2028, which is still accounted for as 
equity under IFRS, the tranche of notes with first reset date in April 2025 is no longer accounted for as equity under 
IFRS since the publication of the redemption notice. 
In June 2020, Infineon placed corporate bonds with a volume of EUR 2.9 billion under this Programme. The bond 
issuance consisted of four fixed-rate tranches with different maturities. While the first tranche (EUR 750 million) was 
repaid on 26 June 2023, the other tranches remain outstanding and are subject to the following conditions: 
Issuer 
Principal amount in EUR million 
Annual coupon 
Maturity 
Infineon Technologies AG 
750 
1.125% 
24 June 2026 
Infineon Technologies AG 
750 
1.625% 
24 June 2029

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
Infineon Technologies AG 
650 
2.000% 
24 June 2032 
On 7 April 2021, Cypress issued and Infineon guaranteed a USD 1.3 billion US private placement of notes in four 
tranches: 
Issuer 
Principal amount in USD million 
Maturity 
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation 
350 
16 June 2027 
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation 
350 
16 June 2029 
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation 
350 
16 June 2031 
Cypress Semiconductor Corporation 
250 
16 June 2033 
In February 2022, under this Programme, Infineon issued a corporate bond with a principal amount of EUR 500 
million, an annual coupon of 0.625% and a three year maturity. In February 2024, under this Programme, Infineon 
issued a corporate bond with a principal amount of EUR 500 million, an annual coupon of 3.375% and a maturity of 
three years. 
In the 2024 fiscal year, Infineon concluded uncommitted bilateral money market funding facilities with an aggregated 
amount of EUR 2.2 billion. The amount of these money market facilities has been reduced to EUR 1.7 billion in 
January 2025. As of the date of this Prospectus, these facilities have not been drawn down. Infineon may draw down 
these facilities at any time. 
On 4 February 2025, Infineon concluded a five year, committed revolving credit facility in the amount of EUR 2.0 
billion, syndicated by 14 banks of its core banking group. The facility includes extension options of up to a maximum 
of two further years, at each lender's discretion. As of the date of this Prospectus, these facilities have not been drawn 
down. 
4.6 
INFINEON GROUP'S FINANCIAL POLICY  
Infineon is committed to its conservative financial policy and has the clear target to remain investment grade. For 
liquidity, Infineon reviewed and revised its target in the fiscal year 2024. Going forward, the objective for gross cash 
will be at least 10 percent of revenues on average throughout a year, thus dropping the additional cushion of EUR 1 
billion. Gross financial debt should not exceed two times EBITDA. 
4.7 
MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
In December 2023, TSMC, Robert Bosch GmbH, Infineon Technologies AG and NXP Semiconductors N.V. founded 
European Semiconductor Manufacturing Company (ESMC) GmbH, in Dresden, Germany to provide advanced 
semiconductor manufacturing services. The joint venture is 70% owned by TSMC, with Bosch, Infineon, and NXP 
each holding 10% equity stake. Total investments are expected to exceed EUR 10 billion consisting of equity injection, 
debt borrowing, and strong support from the European Union and German government under the framework of the 
European Chips Act. Infineon's investment is expected to amount to around EUR 500 million of which EUR 75 million 
have already been paid by the end of 2024. The fab will be operated by TSMC. ESMC began preparations of the 
construction of the fab in August 2024 with production targeted to begin by the end of 2027. 
Other than that and the financing arrangements described above ("4.5 Material Debt Financings"), Infineon has not 
entered into material contracts outside the ordinary course of its business, which could result in any group member 
being under an obligation or entitlement that is material to Infineon's ability to meet its payment obligations to the 
Holders in respect of the Notes being issued. 
4.8 
LEGAL AND ARBITRATION PROCEEDINGS  
The principal litigation matters the Infineon Group had to deal with during the previous twelve months were the 
insolvency disputes regarding Qimonda. 
4.8.1 
Proceedings in relation to Qimonda 
All significant assets, liabilities and business activities attributable to the memory business (Memory Products) were 
carved out from Infineon and transferred to Qimonda in the form of a contribution in kind with economic effect from

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
1 May 2006. Qimonda filed an application at the Munich local court to commence insolvency proceedings in January 
2009. In April 2009, the insolvency proceedings were formally opened. The insolvency of Qimonda had given rise to 
various disputes between the insolvency administrator and Infineon. 
The insolvency administrator had filed a complaint against Infineon Technologies AG and later, by way of third-party 
notice, Infineon Technologies Holding B.V. and Infineon Technologies Investment B.V., at the regional court 
(Landgericht) Munich I in November 2010, alleging activation of a shell company and liability for impairment of 
capital. In the further course of the action, the insolvency administrator claimed an amount of around EUR 3.4 billion 
plus interest due to the alleged lack of value of the contributions in kind.  
In January 2024 the court-appointed expert issued its expert opinion on the value of the contributions in kind. Both 
parties replied with extensive submissions in July 2024.  
In August 2024, following prior approval by the management and the supervisory boards of Infineon, as well as the 
creditors' committee of Qimonda, the court rendered a settlement reached between the parties. The settlement 
agreement provides for a payment of EUR 753.5 million from Infineon to Qimonda. With the payment of the settlement 
amount, all legal disputes and claims of the insolvency administrator against Infineon have been settled. 
4.8.2 
Other 
The Infineon Group is involved in various other legal disputes and proceedings in connection with its existing or 
previous business activities. These relate, inter alia, to products, services, patents, export control and environmental 
issues. 
Apart from the above mentioned proceedings, neither Infineon nor any of the companies of the Infineon Group are or 
were party to any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any pending or threatened proceedings) 
during the previous twelve months, which may have, or have had, significant effects on Infineon's or the Infineon 
Group's financial position or profitability. 
Furthermore, in connection with its existing or previous business operations, Infineon is also exposed to numerous 
legal risks which have until now not resulted in legal disputes. These include risks related to product liability, 
environment, capital market, anti-corruption, competition and antitrust legislation, export control as well as other 
compliance regulations. Claims could also be made against Infineon in connection with these matters in the event of 
breaches of law committed by individual employees or third parties. 
As part of an audit finding relating to the tax treatment of losses from the repurchase of convertible bonds in the 2011, 
2012 and 2014 fiscal years, there were contingent liabilities of EUR 63 million as of 30 September 2024 (2023: EUR 63 
million) for withholding tax on capital gains to be paid in arrears as well as for corporate income tax and trade tax of 
EUR 0 million as of 30 September 2024 (2023: EUR 3 million), in each case plus interest. Suspension of enforcement 
was granted as part of the ongoing appeal proceedings for 2011 and 2012 and 2014. 
4.9 
RECENT EVENTS 
The following recent events took place after 30 September 2024: 
• 
On 7 November 2024, Infineon announced a collaboration with Stellantis regarding work on the power 
architecture for Stellantis' electric vehicles. The companies signed supply and capacity reservations for 
PROFET power switches and SiC CoolSiC semiconductors. 
• 
On 19 November 2024, Infineon, together with Quantinuum, announced a strategic partnership to accelerate 
quantum computing towards real-world applications. The companies aim at developing powerful ion traps for 
Quantinuum's future generations of quantum computers. 
• 
On 14 January 2025, Infineon launched the construction of a new semiconductor backend production site in 
Samut Prakan, Thailand, seeking to expand its manufacturing footprint in Asia. The first building is planned 
to be ready for operations at the beginning of 2026. 
• 
On 16 January 2025, Infineon announced the formation of a new business unit to drive the Company's growth 
in the area of sensors by combining the existing sensor and radio frequency businesses into one dedicated 
organization. The new business unit will be part of the Power & Sensor Systems division. 
• 
On 17 January 2025, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) affirmed the long-term issuer and issue 
credit rating of BBB+ with a stable outlook on the Company and its senior unsecured notes. 
• 
On 27 January 2025, Infineon published an irrevocable notice of redemption to the holders of the EUR 600 
million perpetual subordinated notes with a first call date in January 2025. This tranche of perpetual

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
subordinated notes will be due for redemption on 28 March 2025 at its principal amount plus accrued and 
unpaid interest. 
• 
On 4 February 2025, Infineon concluded a five year, committed revolving credit facility in the amount of 
EUR 2.0 billion, syndicated by 14 banks of its core banking group. The facility includes extension options of 
up to a maximum of two further years, at each lender's discretion. As of the date of this Prospectus, these 
facilities have not been drawn down. 
4.10 
OUTLOOK 
In the course of 2024, prospects for the global economy have gradually improved. After the International Monetary 
Fund (IMF) forecast in October 2023 that the global economy would grow by 2.4 percent in the calendar year 2024, 
the forecast increased to 2.7 percent in October 2024 and the rate remained unchanged in the January 2025 update. 
Nevertheless, despite falling inflation rates and the turnaround in interest rates taking place in some countries, 
economic momentum remains moderate. The war in Ukraine, escalation in the Middle East, geopolitical conflicts and 
potential trade disputes are all having an adverse impact on the global economy. Growth of 2.9 percent is being forecast 
for the 2025 calendar year.28 This means that growth forecasts for the global economy are currently around the 
historical average. The main risks are financial stress, depressed sentiment, and geopolitics. 
Market analysts at Omdia expect Infineon's reference market (i.e., the semiconductor market excluding DRAM and 
NAND flash memory chips and microprocessors) to see revenue growth of 13 percent in US dollar terms in the calendar 
year 2024. In particular, there should be significant growth in revenue from logic modules for AI applications. On the 
other hand, it is expected that with regard to some major product categories for Infineon (analog ICs, discrete power 
semiconductors and microcontrollers) revenue will fall in the 2024 calendar year compared with the prior year, as 
demand for semiconductors in the automotive sector, industrial applications and consumer market segments is expected 
to drop significantly in the 2024 calendar year compared with the prior year. 
For the calendar year 2025, the experts at Omdia forecast the Infineon reference market to grow by 16 percent.29 
Following the decline in revenue in the automotive sector, industrial applications and consumer market segments in 
the 2024 calendar year, revenue is expected to recover in these markets in the 2025 calendar year. The long-term trends 
decarbonization and digitalization are intact and are expected to continue in future to drive demand for semiconductors. 
Based on an assumed exchange rate of USD 1.05 to the euro for the 2025 fiscal year, and based on the forecasts for 
the growth of the global economy and the semiconductor segments relevant for Infineon, Infineon now forecasts 
revenue for the full 2025 fiscal year to be flat to slightly up in comparison with the 2024 fiscal year, with a segment 
result margin for the full fiscal in the mid-to-high teens percentage range. Free Cash Flow from continuing operations 
should be around EUR 0.9 billion and adjusted Free Cash Flow, which is adjusted for investments in frontend buildings, 
is expected to be about EUR 1.7 billion .30 
Revenue in the Automotive and Connected Secure Systems segments is expected to increase at around the Group 
average percentage rate. Compared with the prior year, a significant decline in revenue is anticipated in the Green 
Industrial Power segment and a significant increase in revenue in the Power & Sensor Systems segment. 
Investments in property, plant and equipment and other intangible assets including capitalized development costs in 
the 2025 fiscal year continue to be planned at around EUR 2.5 billion. Depreciation and amortization are anticipated 
to be around EUR 2.0 billion, of which approximately EUR 0.4 billion is attributable to amortization of purchase price 
allocations arising mainly in connection with the acquisition of Cypress.   
 
 
28  International Monetary Fund (IMF), World Economic Outlook Update, January 2025. 
29  Based on or includes research from Omdia, Application Market Forecast Tool (AMFT), Q4 2024, December 2024. Information is not an 
endorsement of Infineon Technologies AG. Any reliance on these results is at the third party's own risk. 
30  Free Cash Flow adjusted for major investments in frontend buildings. Infineon Technologies AG reports this APM because it believes it is a 
helpful figure for evaluating the Infineon Group's operating performance. This measure is not a performance indicator recognized under IFRS. 
The measure reported is not necessarily comparable to similar performance figures published by other companies.

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
5. 
ISSUE PROCEDURES 
5.1 
GENERAL 
The Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) will agree on the terms and conditions applicable to each particular Tranche (the 
Conditions). The Conditions will be constituted by the Terms and Conditions of the Notes set forth below (the Terms 
and Conditions) as further specified by the provisions of the Final Terms as set out below. 
5.2 
OPTIONS FOR SETS OF TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
A separate set of Terms and Conditions applies to each type of Notes, as set forth below. The Final Terms provide for 
the Issuer to choose among the following Options: 
Option I – Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rates; 
Option II – Terms and Conditions for Notes with floating interest rates; 
5.3 
DOCUMENTATION OF THE CONDITIONS  
The Issuer may document the Conditions of an individual issue of Notes in either of the following ways: 
- 
The Final Terms shall be completed as set out therein. The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or 
Option II, including certain further options contained therein, respectively, shall be applicable to the individual 
issue of Notes by replicating the relevant provisions and completing the relevant placeholders of the relevant set 
of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus in the Final Terms. The replicated and completed provisions 
of the set of Terms and Conditions alone shall constitute the Conditions, which will be attached to each global 
note representing the Notes of the relevant Tranche. This type of documentation of the Conditions will be used 
where the Notes are publicly offered, in whole or in part, or are to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to 
non-qualified investors. 
-  
Alternatively, the Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II and of the respective further options 
contained in each of Option I and Option II are applicable to the individual issue by only referring to the specific 
sections of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. The Final Terms will specify that 
the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus, taken 
together, shall constitute the Conditions. Each global note representing a particular Tranche of Notes will have the 
Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus attached. 
5.4 
DETERMINATION OF OPTIONS / COMPLETION OF PLACEHOLDERS  
The Final Terms shall determine which of Option I or Option II shall be applicable to the individual issue of Notes. 
Each of the sets of Terms and Conditions of Option I or Option II contains also certain further options (characterised 
by indicating the optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out either on the left of or in square 
brackets within the text of the relevant set of Terms and Conditions as set out in the Prospectus) as well as placeholders 
(characterised by square brackets which include the relevant items) which will be determined by the Final Terms as 
follows: 
5.4.1 
Determination of Options 
The Issuer will determine which options will be applicable to the individual issue either by replicating the relevant 
provisions in the Final Terms or by reference of the Final Terms to the sections of the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions as set out in the Prospectus. If the Final Terms do not replicate or refer to an alternative or optional provision 
it shall be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
5.4.2 
Completion of Placeholders 
The Final Terms will specify the information with which the placeholders in the relevant set of Terms and Conditions 
will be completed. In case the provisions of the Final Terms and the relevant set of Terms and Conditions, taken 
together, shall constitute the Conditions the relevant set of Terms and Conditions shall be deemed to be completed by 
the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the placeholders of such 
provisions.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
In that case, all instructions and explanatory notes and text set out in square brackets in the relevant set of Terms and 
Conditions and any footnotes and explanatory text in the Final Terms will be deemed to be deleted from the Conditions. 
5.5 
CONTROLLING LANGUAGE  
As to controlling language of the respective Conditions, the following applies: 
-  
In the case of Notes (i) publicly offered, in whole or in part, in Germany, or (ii) initially distributed, in whole or 
in part, to non-qualified investors in Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of such 
public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a 
German language translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal offices of the Fiscal Agent and 
the Issuer as specified on the back of this Prospectus. 
-  
In other cases the Issuer will elect either German or English to be the controlling language.

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
6. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The Terms and Conditions of the Notes (the Terms and Conditions) are set forth below for two options: 
Option I comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with fixed interest rates. 
Option II comprises the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Tranches of Notes with floating interest rates. 
The set of Terms and Conditions for each of these Options contains certain further options, which are characterised 
accordingly by indicating the respective optional provision through instructions and explanatory notes set out in square 
brackets within the set of Terms and Conditions. 
In the Final Terms the Issuer will determine, which of Option I or Option II including certain further options contained 
therein, respectively, shall apply with respect to an individual issue of Notes, either by replicating the relevant 
provisions or by referring to the relevant options. 
To the extent that, upon the approval of the Prospectus, the Issuer had no knowledge of certain items which are 
applicable to an individual issue of Notes, this Prospectus contains placeholders set out in square brackets which 
include the relevant items that will be completed by the Final Terms. 
Die Emissionsbedingungen für die Schuldverschreibungen (die Emissionsbedingungen) sind nachfolgend in zwei 
Optionen aufgeführt. 
Option I umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet.  
Option II umfasst den Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf Tranchen von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler 
Verzinsung Anwendung findet. 
Der Satz von Emissionsbedingungen für jede dieser Optionen enthält bestimmte weitere Optionen, die entsprechend 
gekennzeichnet sind, indem die jeweilige optionale Bestimmung durch Instruktionen und Erklärungen in eckigen 
Klammern innerhalb des Satzes der Emissionsbedingungen bezeichnet wird. 
In den Endgültigen Bedingungen wird die Emittentin festlegen, welche der Option I oder Option II (einschließlich der 
jeweils enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) für die einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen Anwendung 
findet, indem entweder die betreffenden Angaben wiederholt werden oder auf die betreffenden Optionen verwiesen 
wird. 
Soweit die Emittentin zum Zeitpunkt der Billigung des Prospektes keine Kenntnis von bestimmten Angaben hatte, die 
auf eine einzelne Emission von Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar sind, enthält dieser Prospekt Platzhalter in eckigen 
Klammern, die die maßgeblichen durch die Endgültigen Bedingungen zu vervollständigenden Angaben enthalten. 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[In case the options applicable to an individual issue 
are to be determined by referring in the Final Terms 
to the relevant options contained in the set of Terms 
and Conditions for Option I or Option II: 
 
[Im Fall, dass die Optionen, die für eine einzelne 
Emission anwendbar sind, in den Endgültigen 
Bedingungen durch Verweis auf die weiteren 
Optionen bestimmt werden, die im Satz der 
Emissionsbedingungen der Option I oder Option II 
enthalten sind: 
The provisions of these Terms and Conditions apply 
to the Notes as completed by the terms of the final 
terms which is attached hereto (the Final Terms). The 
blanks in the provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are applicable to the Notes shall be 
deemed to be completed by the information contained 
in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted 
in the blanks of such provisions; alternative or 
optional provisions of these Terms and Conditions as 
to which the corresponding provisions of the Final 
Terms are not completed or are deleted shall be 
deemed to be deleted from these Terms and 
 
 
Die Bestimmungen dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
gelten für diese Schuldverschreibungen so, wie sie 
durch die Angaben der beigefügten endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
(die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen) 
vervollständigt werden. Die Leerstellen in den auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen gelten als durch die in 
den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben 
ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den betreffenden 
Bestimmungen durch diese Angaben ausgefüllt 
wären; alternative oder wählbare Bestimmungen 
dieser Emissionsbedingungen, deren Entsprechungen

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
Conditions; and all provisions of these Terms and 
Conditions which are inapplicable to the Notes 
(including instructions, explanatory notes and text set 
out in square brackets) shall be deemed to be deleted 
from these Terms and Conditions, as required to give 
effect to the terms of the Final Terms. Copies of the 
Final Terms may be obtained free of charge at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent and at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent and at the principal office 
of the Issuer provided that, in the case of Notes which 
are not listed on any stock exchange, copies of the 
relevant Final Terms will only be available to Holders 
of such Notes.] 
in den Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht ausgefüllt oder 
die 
gestrichen 
sind, 
gelten 
als 
aus 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen; sämtliche auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
(einschließlich der Anweisungen, Anmerkungen und 
der Texte in eckigen Klammern) gelten als aus diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen gestrichen, so dass die 
Bestimmungen der Endgültigen Bedingungen Geltung 
erhalten. Kopien der Endgültigen Bedingungen sind 
kostenlos bei der bezeichneten Geschäftsstelle der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
bei 
den 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen einer jeden Zahlstelle sowie bei der 
Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Emittentin erhältlich; bei 
nicht an einer Börse notierten Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
Kopien 
der 
betreffenden 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
allerdings 
ausschließlich 
für 
die 
Gläubiger solcher Schuldverschreibungen erhältlich.]

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
OPTION I –  Terms and Conditions for Notes with fixed interest rate /  
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of notes (the Notes) of Infineon 
Technologies AG (Infineon Technologies AG or 
the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(3))] of [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount 
in words]) in the denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
der 
Infineon 
Technologies AG (Infineon Technologies AG 
oder die Emittentin) wird in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(3))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. 
 
(2) Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent global 
note (the Permanent Global Note or the Global 
Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed manually by authorized 
signatories 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
shall 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde 
oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without coupons. The interests 
in the Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for interests in Notes in 
Specified Denominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the Permanent 
Global Note and together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes) 
without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear 
and CBL and if the Global Note is an NGN 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Anteile an der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden gegen 
Anteile an Schuldverschreibungen in den 
Festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde und zusammen mit der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
the following applies: The details of such 
exchange shall be entered in the records of 
the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global 
Notes shall each be signed manually by 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall 
each be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Einzelheiten 
eines solchen Austausches werden in die 
Aufzeichnungen 
der 
ICSDs 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgenommen.] Die 
Globalurkunden tragen jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle 
oder 
in 
deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzel-
urkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) Interests in the Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchanged for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note on or after a date (the 
Exchange Date) that is 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon and to the extent of 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owners or owners of the Notes 
are not U.S. persons (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment 
of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Notes will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Notes delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 1(6)).] 
 
(b) Anteile an der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
werden am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (der Austauschtag) 
gegen Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausgetauscht. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
nur nach Vorlage und im Umfang von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach die wirt-
schaftlichen Eigentümer oder Eigentümer 
der Schuldverschreibungen keine U.S.-
Personen sind (ausgenommen bestimmte 
Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte Personen, 
die Schuldverschreibungen über solche 
Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die Schuld-
verschreibungen durch eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieft 
sind, 
werden 
Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage dieser 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine 
gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz 
(b) dieses § 1(3) auszutauschen. Schuld-
verschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
(CBF)] [Clearstream Banking S.A. Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV Brussels 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (CBL)]

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] 
and any successor in such capacity. [In the case 
of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the 
following 
applies: 
International 
Central 
Securities Depositary or ICSD means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV Brüssel, als 
Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems (Euroclear)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von 
CBL oder Euroclear als Clearingsystem ist 
folgendes anwendbar: International Central 
Securities Depositary oder ICSD bezeichnet 
jeweils CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunden pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.]

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in 
classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of 
both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen. 
Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils 
oder 
anderen 
vergleichbaren 
Rechts 
an 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines 
Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird 
die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(6) United States. 
 
(6) Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
United States means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG) 
(1) Status. 
 
(1) Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen und künftigen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge.  
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes  
 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind,  
(i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
land charge, lien or any other security right in rem 
(dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) 
(the 
Security 
Interest) over any or all of its present or future 
 
(i) keine Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstigen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
(ein 
Sicherungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 
2(2)) and 
Vermögens 
insgesamt 
zur 
Sicherung 
der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten (wie in § 2(2) definiert) 
zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen, und  
(ii) to procure, to the extent legally possible, that 
none of its Material Subsidiary (as defined in 
§ 2(3)) will grant or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness, without at the same 
time having the Holders share equally and 
rateably in such Security Interest. 
 
(ii) soweit rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass 
keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie in § 2(3) definiert) Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres 
Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur 
Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellt 
oder 
fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an 
diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to 
any Security Interest which 
 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die 
(i) is provided over any of the Issuer's claims or 
claims of any of its Material Subsidiaries against 
any affiliated companies within the meaning of 
sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third party, 
which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the Issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security serves 
to secure obligations under such securities issued 
by the Issuer or by any of its Material 
Subsidiaries, 
 
(i) 
an 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen der Emittentin oder Ansprüchen 
einer ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
gegen verbundene Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 
15 f. Aktiengesetz oder gegen Dritte aufgrund 
von einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem 
Verkauf von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit diese 
Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen 
aus diesen durch die Emittentin oder durch eine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ausge-
gebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) is existing on assets at the time of the 
acquisition thereof by the Issuer or by any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or is existing over assets of 
a newly acquired company which becomes a 
member of the Infineon Group, 
 
(ii) an Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die 
bereits 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
des 
betreffenden Vermögensgegenstandes durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
bestanden, 
oder 
am 
Vermögen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft 
bestehen, die Mitglied des Infineon-Konzerns 
wird, 
(iii) is existing on the issue date of the Notes, 
 
(iii) zum Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
(iv) secures a Capital Market Indebtedness 
existing at the time of acquisition that becomes 
an obligation of the Issuer or of any company 
within the Infineon Group as a consequence of 
such acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition, 
 
(iv) eine im Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichern, die infolge der Akquisition eine 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Gesellschaft des Infineon-Konzerns wird, sofern 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht 
im 
Hinblick auf diese Akquisition begründet wurde, 
(v) is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, 
 
(v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts gesetzlich 
vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten sind oder solche, 
deren Bestehen eine Voraussetzung zur Erteilung 
einer behördlichen Genehmigung sind, 
(vi) is provided in connection with any issuance 
of asset backed securities by the Issuer or by any 
of its Material Subsidiaries, 
 
(vi) im Zusammenhang mit durch die Emittentin 
oder 
durch 
eine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften begebenen asset backed 
securities (ABS) stehen,

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
(vii) is provided in respect of any issuance of 
asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying 
assets, 
 
(vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch Zweck-
gesellschaften begebenen asset backed securities 
(ABS) stehen, bei denen die Emittentin oder eine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrundeliegenden Vermögens-
gegenstände ist, 
(viii) is provided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any security pursuant 
to foregoing (i) through (vii); or 
 
(viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch 
irgendeiner 
Sicherheit 
gemäß 
vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen; oder 
(ix) secures Capital Market Indebtedness the 
principal amount of which does not exceed 
EUR 500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time). 
 
(ix) Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, 
deren Kapitalbetrag EUR 500.000.000 (oder 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) nicht überschreitet. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
means 
any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is evidenced by a certificate of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is 
represented by any bond with an original maturity 
of more than one year which is, or is intended to 
be, or is capable of being listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognized securities 
market. 
 
 
Im 
Sinne 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheindarlehen dokumentiert ist oder 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, 
die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt zugelassen oder 
gehandelt werden oder zugelassen oder gehandelt 
werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert oder 
dokumentiert ist. 
Infineon Group means Infineon Technologies 
AG and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
Infineon-Konzern 
bezeichnet 
Infineon 
Technologies AG und ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
auf konsolidierter Basis. 
(3) Certain definitions: 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, 
any corporation, limited liability company, 
association, partnership or other business entity 
whose results of operations are consolidated in 
accordance with IFRS with those of:  
 
(3) Bestimmte Begriffsbestimmungen: 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, eine 
Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbeschränkung, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Personengesellschaft oder ein 
sonstiges 
Unternehmen, 
dessen 
Ergebnisse 
gemäß IFRS mit den Ergebnissen folgender 
Personen konsolidiert werden:  
(a) such Person; 
 
(a) dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of 
such Person; or 
 
(b) dieses 
Rechtsträgers 
und 
einer 
oder 
mehreren 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses 
Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; 
 
(c) einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses Rechtsträgers. 
provided however, that the term Subsidiary shall 
in no event include Qimonda AG and any of its 
subsidiaries. 
 
Der Begriff der Tochtergesellschaft schließt 
jedoch in keinem Fall die Qimonda AG und ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften ein. 
IFRS refers to International Financial Reporting 
Standards of the International Accounting 
Standards Board, to the extent to which they have 
been endorsed by the European Union. 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standards Board, wie sie von der 
Europäischen Union anerkannt werden.

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
Material Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the 
Infineon Technologies AG which, based on the 
latest audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Group (Konzernabschluss) (and 
the annual financial statements of the respective 
Subsidiary) 
has 
unconsolidated 
EBITDA, 
unconsolidated gross assets or unconsolidated 
turnover 
(excluding 
intragroup 
items) 
representing 5% or more of the consolidated 
EBITDA, 
consolidated 
gross 
assets 
or 
consolidated turnover of the Group, provided that 
any newly acquired subsidiary of the Infineon 
Technologies AG shall in no event constitute a 
Material Subsidiary until expiry of a six-months 
period from the completion of the relevant 
acquisition. A certificate issued by the Infineon 
Technologies AG's auditors stating that a 
subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a 
specified date a Material Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Infineon Technologies 
AG, deren nicht konsolidiertes EBITDA, nicht 
konsolidiertes Bruttovermögen oder deren nicht 
konsolidierter 
Umsatz 
(ausschließlich 
konzerninterner Posten) gemäß dem letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
(und 
dem 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
betreffenden 
Tochtergesellschaft) 
mindestens 
5 
% 
des 
konsolidierten EBITDA, des konsolidierten 
Bruttovermögens 
oder 
des 
konsolidierten 
Umsatzes des Konzerns ausmacht, wobei eine 
neu erworbene Tochtergesellschaft der Infineon 
Technologies AG bis zum Ablauf von sechs 
Monaten ab Durchführung des Erwerbs nicht als 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gilt. Ein Bericht 
der Wirtschaftsprüfer der Infineon Technologies 
AG darüber, ob ihrer Meinung nach eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zu 
einem 
bestimmten 
Zeitpunkt eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
ist oder war bzw. nicht ist oder nicht war, ist, 
sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, 
für alle Beteiligten endgültig und bindend. 
EBITDA 
means 
operating 
income 
plus 
depreciation and amortization and is derived 
from the operating income determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage. 
The Notes shall bear interest on their Specified 
Denomination at the rate of [Rate of Interest]% 
per annum from (and including) [Interest 
Commencement Date] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date (as defined in § 5(1)). Interest shall 
be payable in arrear on [Interest Payment 
Date(s)] in each year (each such date, an Interest 
Payment Date). The first payment of interest 
shall be made on [First Interest Payment Date] 
[if the First Interest Payment Date is not the first 
anniversary of the Interest Commencement 
Date, the following applies: and will amount to 
[Initial 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] [If 
Maturity Date is not an Interest Payment Date, 
the following applies: Interest in respect of the 
period from (and including) [last Interest 
Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date] to 
(but excluding) the Maturity Date will amount to 
[Final 
Broken 
Amount 
per 
Specified 
Denomination] per Specified Denomination.] 
 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen werden bezogen auf 
ihre Festgelegte Stückelung verzinst, und zwar 
vom [Verzinsungsbeginn] (einschließlich) bis 
zum Fälligkeitstag (wie in § 5(1) definiert) 
(ausschließlich) mit jährlich [Zinssatz] %. Die 
Zinsen 
sind 
nachträglich 
am 
[Zinszahlungstag(e)] eines jeden Jahres zahlbar 
(jeweils 
ein 
Zinszahlungstag). 
Die 
erste 
Zinszahlung erfolgt am [erster Zinszahlungstag] 
[sofern der erste Zinszahlungstag nicht der erste 
Jahrestag des Verzinsungsbeginns ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: und beläuft sich auf 
[anfänglicher 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.] [Sofern der Fälligkeitstag kein 
Zinszahlungstag ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Die Zinsen für den Zeitraum vom [letzter dem 
Fälligkeitstag 
vorausgehender 
Zinszahlungstag] 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
Fälligkeitstag (ausschließlich) belaufen sich auf 
[abschließender 
Bruchteilzinsbetrag 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung] 
je 
Festgelegte 
Stückelung.] 
(2) Accrual of Interest. 
 
(2) Auflaufende Zinsen.

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
expiry of the day preceding the day on which they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any 
reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate 
of interest established by statutory law31 on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the day on which such redemption 
payment is made to the Holders. 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis 
zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung an die 
Gläubiger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich 
bestimmten Verzugszins32 verzinst. 
(3) Calculation of Interest for Periods other than a 
full Year. 
 
(3) Berechnung der Zinsen für Zeiträume, die nicht 
einem vollen Jahr entsprechen. 
If interest is to be calculated for a period other 
than a full year, it shall be calculated on the basis 
of the Day Count Fraction (as defined below). [If 
the Specified Currency is EUR and if 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
is 
applicable, 
the 
following applies: The number of Interest 
Payment Dates per calendar year (each a 
Determination Date) is [number of regular 
Interest Payment Dates per calendar year].] 
 
Sofern Zinsen für einen Zeitraum, der nicht 
einem vollen Jahr entspricht, zu berechnen sind, 
erfolgt die Berechnung auf der Grundlage des 
Zinstagequotienten (wie nachfolgend definiert). 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist, und 
falls Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Anzahl der Zins-
zahlungstage im Kalenderjahr (jeweils ein 
Feststellungstermin) 
beträgt 
[Anzahl 
der 
regulären Zinszahlungstage im Kalenderjahr].] 
(4) Day Count Fraction. 
 
(4) Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to the 
calculation of the amount of interest on the Notes 
for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsbeträgen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[If the Specified Currency is EUR and if 
Actual/Actual 
(ICMA) 
is 
applicable 
the 
following applies: 
 
[Falls die Festgelegte Währung EUR ist und 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) anwendbar ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) if the Calculation Period is equal to or 
shorter than the Determination Period 
during which the Calculation Period ends, 
the number of days in such Calculation 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year; or 
 
(a) wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum kürzer 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt 
oder ihr entspricht, die Anzahl der Tage in 
dem betreffenden Zinsberechnungszeitraum 
geteilt durch das Produkt (1) der Anzahl der 
Tage in der Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr; 
oder 
(b) if the Calculation Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the 
Calculation Period ends, the sum of: (A) the 
number of days in such Calculation Period 
falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Calculation Period begins divided by the 
product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of 
 
(b) wenn der Zinsberechnungszeitraum länger 
ist als die Feststellungsperiode, in die das 
Ende des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt, 
die Summe aus (A) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dem Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, in welcher der 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum beginnt, geteilt 
durch das Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der 
 
31  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
32  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
Determination Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) 
that would occur in one calendar year and 
(B) the number of days in such Calculation 
Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the 
number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in § 3(3)) that would 
occur in one calendar year. 
Tage in dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) 
der Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr 
und (B) der Anzahl der Tage in dem 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, die in die nächste 
Feststellungsperiode fallen, geteilt durch das 
Produkt aus (1) der Anzahl der Tage in 
dieser Feststellungsperiode und (2) der 
Anzahl der Feststellungstermine (wie in 
§ 3(3) angegeben) in einem Kalenderjahr. 
Determination Period means the period from 
(and including) a Determination Date to, (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date. For the 
purpose 
of 
determining 
the 
relevant 
Determination Period, [deemed Interest Payment 
Date(s)] shall [each] be deemed to be a 
Determination Date.] 
 
Feststellungsperiode ist die Periode ab einem 
Feststellungstermin (einschließlich desselben) 
bis 
zum 
nächsten 
Feststellungstermin 
(ausschließlich desselben). Zum Zwecke der 
Bestimmung 
der 
maßgeblichen 
Feststellungsperiode 
ist 
[fiktive(r) 
Zinszahlungstag(e)] 
[jeweils] 
ein 
Feststellungstermin.] 
[In the case of 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis 
the following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months (unless (A) the 
last day of the Calculation Period is the 31st day 
of a month but the first day of the Calculation 
Period is a day other than the 30th or 31st day of 
a month, in which case the month that includes 
that last day shall not be considered to be 
shortened to a 30-day month, or (B) the last day 
of the Calculation Period is the last day of the 
month of February in which case the month of 
February shall not be considered to be lengthened 
to a 30-day month).]  
 
[Im Fall von 30/360, 360/360 oder Bond Basis, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl von Tagen 
im Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 
360, wobei die Anzahl der Tage auf der 
Grundlage eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf 
Monaten zu je 30 Tagen zu ermitteln ist (es sei 
denn, 
(A) 
der 
letzte 
Tag 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums fällt auf den 31. Tag 
eines Monates, während der erste Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes weder auf den 30. 
noch auf den 31. Tag eines Monats fällt, in 
welchem Fall der diesen Tag enthaltende Monat 
nicht als ein auf 30 Tage gekürzter Monat zu 
behandeln ist, oder (B) der letzte Tag des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes fällt auf den letzten 
Tag des Monats Februar, in welchem Fall der 
Monat Februar nicht als ein auf 30 Tage 
verlängerter Monat zu behandeln ist).] 
[In the case of 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis the 
following applies: the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360 (the number of 
days to be calculated on the basis of a year of 360 
days with twelve 30-day months, without regard 
to the date of the first day or last day of the 
Calculation Period unless, in the case of the final 
Calculation Period, the Maturity Date is the last 
day of the month of February, in which case the 
month of February shall not be considered to be 
lengthened to a 30-day month).]  
 
[Im Fall von 30E/360 oder Eurobond Basis, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: die Anzahl der Tage im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360 
(dabei ist die Anzahl der Tage auf der Grundlage 
eines Jahres von 360 Tagen mit zwölf Monaten 
zu 30 Tagen zu ermitteln, und zwar ohne 
Berücksichtigung des Datums des ersten oder 
letzten Tages des Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, es 
sei 
denn, 
dass 
im 
Fall 
des 
letzten 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums der Fälligkeitstag der 
letzte Tag des Monats Februar ist, in welchem 
Fall der Monat Februar als nicht auf einen Monat 
zu 30 Tagen verlängert gilt).] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) Payment of Principal and Payment of Interest. 
 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zinsen. 
(a) Payment of principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
 
(a) Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest on the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note, the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgelegten 
Währung. 
(3) Discharge. 
 
(3) Erfüllung. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business Day then 
the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System is 
operational  
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag, 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist 
[If relevant financial center(s) is applicable, the 
following applies: and on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial center(s)].]  
 
[Falls 
relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) 
anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: und an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen 
in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln.]  
[If T2 is applicable, the following applies: and 
all relevant parts of T2 are operational to forward 
the relevant payment.] 
 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: sowie 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffenden 
Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount, the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [if the Notes are redeemable at the 
option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the 
following applies: the Make-Whole Amount of 
the Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event the 
following applies: the Event Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder other 
than for reason of a Change of Control the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als 
steuerlichen Gründen oder aufgrund eines 
geringfügig 
ausstehenden 
Nennbetrags 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) der Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die 
Emittentin 
das 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: den Make-Whole Betrag der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer bei Vorliegen 
eines Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich principal or interest not 
claimed by Holders within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and 
to the extent that the deposit is effected and the 
right of withdrawal is waived, the respective 
claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
München 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge 
zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung 
erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG UND RÜCKKAUF) 
(1) Final Redemption. 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on [Maturity 
Date] (the Maturity Date).  
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
Nennbetrag 
am 
[Fälligkeitstag] 
(der 
Fälligkeitstag) zurückgezahlt.  
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7 herein) or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
available to the Issuer the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12 to 
the Holders, at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding).  
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 
und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklärung 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und 
-vorschriften einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder 
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der 
offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an 
dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) 
am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in 
§ 3(1) definiert) zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
zumutbarer, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to 
pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time 
such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect.  
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, 
oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem 
die 
Kündigung 
erklärt 
wird, 
die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist.  
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.  
 
Eine 
solche 
Kündigung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung 
enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by an executive director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen hat 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine von 
einem 
Mitglied 
der 
Geschäftsleitung 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zukommen zu lassen, der zufolge die Emittentin

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
berechtigt ist, eine entsprechende Rückzahlung 
zu leisten, und in der nachvollziehbar dargelegt 
ist, dass die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß diesen 
Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätzlich hat die 
Emittentin 
ein 
von 
unabhängigen 
und 
anerkannten 
Rechts- 
oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes Gutachten vorzulegen, demzufolge die 
Emittentin in Folge einer entsprechenden 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
zur 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist oder sein 
wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following 
applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:  
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
 
(3) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag.  
If 75% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of 
Infineon Technologies AG, the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders of Notes redeem, at its option, the 
remaining Notes as a whole at their principal 
amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (excluding).]  
 
Wenn 75 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft von 
Infineon Technologies AG zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
den 
Ankauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
können, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
(4) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Triggering Event, will have 
the right (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
§ 5(2), i.e. for taxation reasons) to require that the 
Issuer repurchases such Holder's Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their principal 
amount together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the Optional Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfindet, hat 
jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit die Emittentin 
nicht bereits vor Abgabe der Vorzeitigen 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), d.h. aus 
steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt hat) von der 
Emittentin am Stichtag den Rückkauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Kaufpreis von 
100 % des Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die folgenden 
Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means the 
occurrence of a Change of Control together with 
a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
zusammen 
mit 
einer 
Ratingherabstufung eintritt.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
Rating Agency means a rating agency solicited 
by Infineon Technologies AG, namely (1) S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe 
Limited 
and 
its 
subsidiaries or successors (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and its subsidiaries or 
successors (Moody's), and (3) Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and its subsidiaries or successors 
(Fitch), or (4) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all 
three shall not publish a rating of Infineon 
Technologies AG, a European-wide reputable 
securities rating agency or agencies, as the case 
may be, selected by Infineon Technologies AG, 
which shall be substituted for S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch or all three, as the case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet eine von Infineon 
Technologies AG beauftragte Ratingagentur, 
namentlich (1) S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited 
sowie 
deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH sowie deren Tochter- oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (Moody's), (3) Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited sowie deren Tochter- 
oder Nachfolgegesellschaften (Fitch), oder (4) 
falls S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating 
für 
Infineon 
Technologies 
AG 
veröffentlichen, 
eine 
Ratingagentur 
oder 
Ratingagenturen mit europaweitem Ansehen, die 
von Infineon Technologies AG ausgewählt wird 
bzw. werden und S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder 
alle diese Agenturen ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if, at the time of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control, Infineon 
Technologies AG has been, from any Rating 
Agency it has solicited, (a) rated Investment 
Grade and such rating from any Rating Agency 
is, within 120 days from such time, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade rating or 
withdrawn and is not within such 120-day period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded to Investment Grade by such Rating 
Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by 
an Investment Grade rating from any other Rating 
Agency; or (b) rated below Investment Grade and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is, within 
120 days from such time, downgraded by one or 
more gradations (including gradations within 
Rating Categories as well as between Rating 
Categories) and is not within such 120-day period 
subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating 
or better by such Rating Agency. Provided that if 
at the time of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control Infineon Technologies AG carries a 
rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least 
one of which is Investment Grade, then sub-
paragraph (a) will apply. In making the relevant 
decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to Infineon Technologies AG that such 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, falls Infineon 
Technologies AG (aufgrund einer Beauftragung 
durch Infineon Technologies AG) bei Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels von einer Ratingagentur (a) mit 
Investment Grade bewertet ist und dieses Rating 
von einer Ratingagentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach dem Kontrollwechsel zu einem non-
investment grade Rating herabgestuft oder das 
Rating zurückgezogen wurde und nicht innerhalb 
dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle 
einer Herabstufung) durch diese Ratingagentur 
wieder auf ein Investment Grade Rating 
heraufgestuft 
oder 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
Zurückziehens) durch das Investment Grade 
Rating einer anderen Ratingagentur ersetzt 
wurde; oder (b) unterhalb von Investment Grade 
bewertet ist und dieses Rating von einer 
Ratingagentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach 
dem Kontrollwechsel um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen 
(einschließlich 
Untergliederungen 
innerhalb von sowie zwischen Ratingkategorien) 
herabgestuft und nicht innerhalb dieser 120-
Tagesperiode anschließend wieder auf das 
ursprüngliche oder ein besseres Rating durch 
diese Ratingagentur heraufgestuft wurde; wobei, 
falls Infineon Technologies AG zum Zeitpunkt 
des Eintritts des Kontrollwechsels über ein 
Rating von mehr als einer Ratingagentur verfügt, 
von denen mindestens eines ein Investment 
Grade Rating ist, Absatz (a) Anwendung findet; 
und im Zusammenhang mit einer der oben 
genannten 
Entscheidungen 
die 
betreffende 
Ratingagentur öffentlich bekannt macht oder 
gegenüber Infineon Technologies AG schriftlich 
bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung ganz oder 
teilweise 
auf 
den 
Kontrollwechsel 
zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that no Ratings Decline will 
occur if at the end of the 120-day period Infineon 
Technologies AG has been rated by at least two 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht vor, 
falls Infineon Technologies AG (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Infineon Technologies AG)

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
Rating Agencies it has solicited Investment 
Grade. 
am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment Grade 
bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means:  
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of the 
following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
and D (or equivalent successor categories), 
 
(a) in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
und 
D 
(bzw. 
entsprechende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
(b) with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and 
D (or equivalent successor categories), and 
 
(b) in Bezug auf Moody's eine der folgenden 
Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C und D (bzw. 
entsprechende Nachfolgekategorien); und 
(c) the equivalent of any such category of S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch used by another rating 
agency in determining whether the rating of 
Infineon Technologies AG has decreased by 
one or more gradations, gradations within 
rating categories (+ and - for S&P, 1, 2 and 
3 for Moody's, + and - for Fitch; or the 
equivalent gradations for another rating 
agency) shall be taken into account (e.g., 
with respect to S&P, a decline in a rating 
from BB+ to BB, as well as from BB- to B+, 
will constitute a decrease of one gradation). 
 
(c) diesen Kategorien von S&P oder Moody's 
oder Fitch entsprechende Ratingkategorien 
einer anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating von Infineon 
Technologies AG um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, werden die 
jeweiligen 
Ratingkategorien 
weiter 
untergliedernde Zusätze ("+" und "-" bei 
S&P, "1", "2" und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und 
"-" bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zusätze 
anderer Ratingagenturen) berücksichtigt 
(z. B. 
entspricht 
bei 
S&P 
eine 
Ratingänderung von BB+ auf BB oder von 
BB- auf B+ jeweils einer Herabstufung um 
eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of (i) BBB- or 
higher by S&P and Fitch and, (ii) Baa3 or higher 
by Moody's, or the equivalent of such ratings by 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rating 
Agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch.  
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating von (i) 
BBB- oder höher im Fall von S&P und Fitch und 
(ii) Baa3 oder höher im Fall von Moody's, oder 
das entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ratings im 
Fall von S&P, Moody's oder Fitch sowie das 
entsprechende 
Äquivalent 
in 
den 
Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ratingagentur, 
durch die S&P, Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means an event the result 
of which is that any person or group (Relevant 
Person(s)) acting in concert (as defined in 
§ 30 (2) of the German Securities Acquisition 
and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or group acting 
on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), is or 
becomes the direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
ownership or any legal or beneficial entitlement 
(as defined in § 34 of the German Securities 
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in 
the aggregate, more than 50% of the voting shares 
of Infineon Technologies AG. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet ein Ereignis, in 
dessen Folge eine Person oder mehrere Personen 
(Relevante Personen), die abgestimmt handeln 
(wie 
in 
§ 30 (2) 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz definiert), oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen 
Relevanten Personen handeln, unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar 
rechtliches 
oder 
wirtschaftliches 
Eigentum 
in 
jedweder 
Form 
bzw. 
die 
unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder 
Form (wie in § 34 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50 % der 
stimmberechtigten 
Aktien 
der 
Infineon 
Technologies AG erlangen. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine 
Körperschaft, eine Personengesellschaft, ein 
Joint 
Venture, 
eine 
Vereinigung, 
eine 
Kapitalgesellschaft, einen Trust, eine Einrichtung

--- Page 77 ---
77 
 
government or any agency, instrumentality or 
political subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatliche 
Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebietskörperschaft 
oder einen sonstigen Rechtsträger. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that a Change of Control Triggering Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put Event 
Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin 
von einem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin dies den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) 
und 
dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) that a Change of Control Triggering Event 
has occurred; 
 
(a) dass 
ein 
Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding 
such 
Change 
of 
Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) die Umstände und relevanten Informationen 
bezüglich des Kontrollwechselereignisses;  
(c) the repurchase date (which shall be no 
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days 
from the date such Put Event Notice is 
given) (the Optional Redemption Date); 
 
(c) den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht früher als 
30 und nicht später als 60 Tage nach dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung erfolgt, liegen 
darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) that each Note will be subject to repurchase 
only in integral multiples the Specified 
Denomination; and 
 
(d) dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur in 
ganzen 
Vielfachen 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgekauft werden; und 
(e) the instructions determined by the Issuer that 
a Holder must follow in order to have its 
Notes purchased pursuant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) die 
Anweisungen, 
die 
ein 
Gläubiger 
befolgen 
muss, 
damit 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5(4) zurückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after a Put 
Event Notice is given. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.] 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger 
während 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestellten 
Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 Tagen 
nach 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden.]  
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(5)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
[(5)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
innerhalb 
des/der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums/räume 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungszeitraum/räume 
(Call) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
zeitraum/ räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.  
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the 
case of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]]

--- Page 79 ---
79 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the following 
applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes at its option, at a 
redemption price equal to 100% of the 
principal amount of the Notes being 
redeemed plus accrued interest, if any, to the 
redemption date, plus the excess (if any) of: 
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise nach ihrer Wahl zu einem 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
von 
100 
% 
des 
Nennbetrags, nebst etwaigen bis zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen, 
zuzüglich des Betrages (sofern sich ein 
solcher ergibt), um den 
(i) as determined by the Calculation 
Agent, (A) the sum of the present 
values of the remaining scheduled 
payments of principal and interest on 
the Notes being redeemed that would 
have been payable on any date during 
the period from (but excluding) the 
redemption date to (and including) [if 
the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
(Call 
Redemption 
Amount), 
the 
following applies: the first day of the 
Call Redemption Period or, in case of 
more than one Call Redemption Period, 
the first day of the next Call 
Redemption Period following the 
redemption date (assuming for this 
purpose that the Notes would have been 
due for redemption on such date 
pursuant to § 5[(5)])] [if the Notes are 
not subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) the following applies: the 
Maturity Date], each discounted at the 
Benchmark Yield plus [margin]% to 
the redemption date by applying the 
Day Count Fraction set out in § 3(4), 
minus (B) the amount of accrued 
interest, if any, to the redemption date; 
over 
 
(i) wie 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
ermittelt, (A) die Summe der Barwerte 
der 
verbleibenden 
planmäßigen 
Kapital- und Zinszahlungen auf die 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen, die an jedem 
beliebigen Tag innerhalb des Zeitraums 
von 
(ausschließlich) 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag bis (einschließlich) 
[wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin unterliegen 
(Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)), 
ist folgendes anwendbar: dem ersten 
Tag des Rückzahlungszeitraums oder, 
im 
Falle 
mehrerer 
Rückzahlungszeiträume, dem ersten 
Tag 
des 
nächsten 
Rückzahlungszeitraums 
nach 
dem 
Rückzahlungstag (unter der Annahme, 
dass die Schuldverschreibungen zu 
diesem Zweck an diesem Tag gemäß § 
5[(5)] zur Rückzahlung fällig gewesen 
wären)] 
[wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
der 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl 
der Emittentin unterliegen (Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
der 
Fälligkeitstag], jeweils abgezinst mit 
der 
Benchmark-Rendite 
zuzüglich 
[Marge]% auf den Rückzahlungstag 
unter 
Anwendung der 
in 
§ 3(4) 
festgelegten 
Zinstagequotienten 
abzüglich (B) des Betrags etwaiger 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstermin;

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
(ii) the principal amount of the Notes being 
redeemed 
 
(ii) den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
zurückzuzahlenden 
Schuldverschreibungen übersteigt, 
(the Make-Whole Amount). 
 
(der Make-Whole Betrag) zurückzahlen. 
Benchmark Yield means (i) the yield based 
upon the [Bundesbank reference price 
(Bundesbank-Referenzpreis)][other 
relevant reference price] for the Benchmark 
Security in respect of the Redemption 
Calculation Date as appearing on the 
Redemption Calculation Date on the Screen 
Page in respect of the Benchmark Security, 
or (ii) if the Benchmark Yield cannot be so 
determined, the yield based upon the mid-
market price for the Benchmark Security as 
appearing at [noon Frankfurt] [other 
relevant time] time on the Redemption 
Calculation Date on the Screen Page in 
respect of the Benchmark Security. 
 
Die Benchmark-Rendite ist (i) die Rendite 
auf der Grundlage des [Bundesbank-
Referenzpreises][sonstigen 
maßgeblichen 
Referenzpreises] für die Referenzanleihe in 
Bezug 
auf 
den 
Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag, wie sie am Rückzahlungs-
Berechnungstag auf der Bildschirmseite in 
Bezug auf die Referenzanleihe erscheint, 
oder (ii) falls die Benchmark-Rendite nicht 
auf diese Weise ermittelt werden kann, die 
Rendite auf der Grundlage des Mittelkurses 
für 
die 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
am 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag um [12.00 
Uhr 
mittags 
in 
Frankfurt] 
[andere 
maßgebliche 
Uhrzeit] 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite 
in 
Bezug 
auf 
die 
Referenzanleihe angezeigt wird. 
Screen Page means Bloomberg [QR (using 
the pricing source "FRNK")] [other relevant 
screen page] (or any successor page or 
successor pricing source) for the Benchmark 
Security, or, if such Bloomberg page or 
pricing source is not available, such other 
page (if any) from such other information 
provider displaying substantially similar 
data as may be considered to be appropriate 
by the Calculation Agent. 
 
Bildschirmseite 
ist 
Bloomberg 
[QR 
(Verwendung der Preisquelle "FRNK")] 
[andere 
Bildschirmseite] 
(oder 
jede 
Nachfolgeseite oder Nachfolge-Preisquelle) 
für die Referenzanleihe, oder, falls diese 
Bloomberg-Seite oder Preisquelle nicht 
verfügbar ist, eine andere Seite (falls 
vorhanden) eines Informationsanbieters, die 
weitgehend ähnliche Daten anzeigt, wie von 
der Berechnungsstelle für angemessen 
erachtet. 
Benchmark Security means the [EUR 
denominated benchmark debt security of 
the Federal Republic of Germany] [other 
relevant 
benchmark] 
due 
[maturity], 
carrying ISIN [ISIN of the reference bond 
used at pricing the Notes], or, if such 
security is no longer outstanding on the 
Redemption 
Calculation 
Date, 
such 
substitute benchmark security selected by 
the Calculation Agent, in each case as 
having a maturity comparable to the 
remaining term of the Note to [if the Notes 
are not subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount) 
the 
following 
applies: 
the 
Maturity Date,] [if the Notes are subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Redemption Amount), the 
following applies: the first day of the Call 
Redemption Period or, in case of more than 
one Call Redemption Period, the first day of 
the next Call Redemption Period following 
the redemption date], and that (where 
 
Referenzanleihe ist die [EUR-Referenz-
Anleihe der Bundesrepublik Deutschland] 
[andere relevante Referenzanleihe] mit 
Fälligkeit [Fälligkeit], mit ISIN [ISIN der 
Referenzanleihe, 
die 
bei 
der 
Preisbestimmung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen genannt wird], 
oder, falls diese Anleihe nicht mehr aussteht, 
ein von der Berechnungsstelle ausgewählte 
ersetzende Referenzanleihe, jeweils mit 
einer Laufzeit, die mit der verbleibenden 
Restlaufzeit 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vergleichbar 
ist, 
bis 
[falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht 
der 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
unterliegen 
(Kündigungsrückzahlungsbetrag), 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: dem Fälligkeitstag,] 
[wenn die Schuldverschreibungen einer 
vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
unterliegen 
(Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call)), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
der 
erste 
Tag 
des

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
relevant) would be used at the time of 
selection and in accordance with customary 
financial practice, in pricing new issues of 
corporate debt securities of comparable 
maturity to [if the Notes are not subject to 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer (Call Redemption Amount) the 
following applies: the Maturity Date] [if the 
Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Call Redemption 
Amount), the following applies: the first 
day of the Call Redemption Period or, in 
case of more than one Call Redemption 
Period, the first day of the next Call 
Redemption 
Period 
following 
the 
redemption date]. 
Rückzahlungszeitraum 
oder, 
im 
Falle 
mehrerer Rückzahlungszeiträume, der erste 
Tag des nächsten Rückzahlungszeitraums 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag], und die 
(gegebenenfalls) 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Auswahl und in Übereinstimmung mit der 
üblichen 
Finanzpraxis 
bei 
der 
Preisfestsetzung für Neuemissionen von 
Schuldtiteln 
von 
Unternehmen 
mit 
vergleichbarer Laufzeit verwendet werden 
würden, [wenn die Schuldverschreibungen 
nicht der vorzeitigen Rückzahlung nach 
Wahl der Emittentin unterliegen (Wahl-
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)), 
gilt 
Folgendes: der Fälligkeitstag] [wenn die 
Schuldverschreibungen der vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
unterliegen 
(Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call)), gilt Folgendes: der erste Tag 
Rückzahlungszeitraums oder, im Falle 
mehrerer Rückzahlungszeiträume, der erste 
Tag des nächsten Rückzahlungszeitraums 
nach dem Rückzahlungstag]. 
Redemption Calculation Date means the 
sixth Payment Business Day prior to the date 
on which the Notes are redeemed as a result 
of any event specified in this § 5[(6)]. 
 
Rückzahlungs-Berechnungstag 
ist 
der 
sechste Zahltag vor dem Tag, an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen aufgrund eines in 
diesem § 5[(6)] genannten Ereignisses 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
and 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
und 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders. 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf. 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the case 
of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses. 
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all of the Notes on the Event Redemption 
Date at the Event Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any) to the Event 
Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
kann, 
nachdem 
ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist und 
sie gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption based on a Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
by 
giving 
notice 
in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5[(8)].] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(8)] 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) the Event Redemption Date, which 
shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which 
notice of the occurrence of the 
Transaction Trigger Event is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iii) the Event Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag, 
der 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Mitteilung 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses durch die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
(iii) den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
(c) Whereby: 
 
(c) Dabei gilt: 
Event Redemption Amount means [insert 
amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag bezeichnet 
[Betrag 
pro 
Schuldverschreibung 
einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5 [(7)] (b). 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 [(7)] (b) 
festgesetzt wurde. 
Transaction means [insert description of 
envisaged acquisition transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be issued 
for refinancing purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten 
Akquisitionstransaktion 
für 
deren 
Finanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders [in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
insert: on or prior to [Transaction Trigger 
Cut-off Date]] in accordance with § 12 that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall eines 
Transaktions-Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stichtag]] an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss abgebrochen wurde 
und die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(8)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date. 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), 
wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge (Put) 
[Wahl- Rück-
zahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in the Put 
Redemption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption notice (Put 
Redemption Notice) in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent. The Put 
Redemption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), wie 
sie bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer dieser Schuld-
verschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
(9) Repurchase 
 
(9) Rückkauf 
Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
 
Die Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft 
können, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien Markt 
oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
kaufen. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
entwertet, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT[,] [AND] THE PAYING 
AGENT [AND THE CALCULATION AGENT]) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE[,] [UND] DIE 
ZAHLSTELLE [UND DIE 
BERECHNUNGSSTELLE]) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and the 
initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) and its 
initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Irland 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at 
the Option of the Issuer (Make-Whole), the 
following shall apply: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zurück-
zuzahlen 
(Make-Whole), 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle (die 
Berechnungsstelle) 
und 
ihre 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
80 Coleman Street 
London, EC2R 5BJ 
United Kingdom] / 
[●] 
 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
80 Coleman Street 
London, EC2R 5BJ 
Vereinigtes Königreich] / 
[●] 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] reserve the right at any 
time to change their respective specified offices 
to some other specified office in the same 
country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] behalten sich das Recht 
vor, jederzeit ihre jeweiligen bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent [or the Calculation Agent] 
and to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional 
or other Paying Agents [or another Calculation 
Agent]. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) 
a Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] 
(ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name 
of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Paying 
Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so 
obliged in each other EU Member State if it were 
located there, [if the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Make-
Whole), the following shall apply: [,][and] [(iv)] 
a Calculation Agent] [in the case of payments in 
United States dollar the following applies: and 
[(v)] if payments at or through the offices of all 
Paying Agents outside the United States (as 
defined in § 1(6)) become illegal or are 
effectively precluded because of the imposition 
of exchange controls or similar restrictions on the 
full payment or receipt of such amounts in United 
States dollar, a Paying Agent with a specified 
office in New York City]. Any variation, 
termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, 
when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less 
than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior notice 
thereof shall have been given to the Holders in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder 
einer Zahlstelle [oder der Berechnungsstelle] zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen [oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle] 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeit-
punkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:[,] 
[und] (ii) solange die Schuldverschreibungen an 
der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit be-
zeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] 
und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, 
die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] 
[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, sofern dies möglich ist, 
unterhalten, die nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Quellensteuern oder sonstigen Abzügen 
verpflichtet ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche 
Einbehalts- oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen 
anderen Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen 
Union bestünde [falls die Emittentin das 
Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen (Make-Whole), ist 
folgendes anwendbar: [,][und] [(iv)] eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten] [im Fall von 
Zahlungen 
in 
US-Dollar 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und [(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung,

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel 
wird 
nur 
wirksam 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent[,] [and] the Paying Agent [and 
the Calculation Agent] act solely as the agents of 
the Issuer and do not assume any obligations 
towards or relationship of agency or trust for any 
Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle[,] [und] die Zahlstelle [und 
die Berechnungsstelle] handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes is made, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which the 
payor is organized or otherwise considered to be 
resident or doing business for tax purposes, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall result 
in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. 
über 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, oder einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin darstellen; oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note; or 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwärtige oder 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder 
in Bezug auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche 
darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wert-
papierhandelsunternehmen oder Wertpa-
pierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen 
wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei dem 
die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch 
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another Paying 
Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß §§ 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) any combination of items (a)-(h); 
 
(i) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(h).

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is otherwise 
not the sole beneficial owner of such payment, to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
Kapitalertragsteuer (including Abgeltungsteuer) 
to be deducted or withheld pursuant to the 
German Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which 
may 
substitute 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer or Solidaritätszuschlag, as 
the case may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
sog. 
Abgeltungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen 
Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, 
welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den 
Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The 
presentation 
period 
provided 
in 
§ 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) Events of default. 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig 
zu 
stellen 
und 
die 
unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung 
zum 
Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
under the Notes within 15 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for 
more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received a request thereof in the manner set 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und die 
Unterlassung jeweils länger als 60 Tage

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) 
vorgesehenen Art und Weise von dem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness in excess 
of EUR [50,000,000] or the equivalent 
thereof of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary becomes prematurely repayable 
as a result of the exercise of a termination 
right for cause due to an event of default 
(however described) in respect of the terms 
thereof, 
 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit in Höhe 
oder im Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 
[50.000.000] der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft vorzeitig 
zahlbar 
wird 
als 
Folge 
einer 
außerordentlichen Kündigung (wie auch 
immer definiert) auf Grundlage des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrags 
or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails 
to fulfill any payment obligation in excess of 
[EUR 50,000,000] or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantees or suretyships given 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness of 
others within 30 days from its due date or, in 
the case of such guarantee or suretyship, 
within 30 days of such guarantee or 
suretyship being invoked, unless the Issuer 
or the relevant Material Subsidiary contests 
in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked or if a 
security granted therefor is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled 
thereto; or  
 
oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
eine 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert 
von mehr als [EUR 50.000.000] aus einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, 
die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie erfüllt, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin 
oder 
die 
betreffende 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet 
in 
gutem 
Glauben, 
dass 
diese 
Zahlungsverpflichtung besteht oder fällig 
ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft oder Garantie 
berechtigterweise geltend gemacht wird, 
oder 
falls 
eine 
für 
solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen 
wird; oder 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations or ceases its payments generally; 
or  
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt; oder  
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings; or  
 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die Emittentin eröffnet, und ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb 
von 90 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin die 
Eröffnung 
eines 
solchen 
Verfahrens 
beantragt oder einleitet; oder 
(f) the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this 
is done in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
 
(f) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen 
Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes.  
anderen Gesellschaft und die andere oder 
neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist. 
(2) No Termination. 
 
(2) Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
(3) Notice. 
 
(3) Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 126b 
of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a 
certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined 
in § [13][14](3)) that such Holder, at the time of 
such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat in 
der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger bei der 
angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumindest in 
Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
übergibt und dabei durch eine Bescheinigung 
seiner 
Depotbank 
(wie 
in 
§ [13][14](3) 
definiert) nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
der 
Erklärung hält. 
(4) Quorum. 
 
(4) Quorum. 
In the events specified in subparagraph (1)(b) 
and/or (1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due 
shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph 
(1)(a), and (1)(d) through (1)(f) entitling Holders 
to declare their Notes due has occurred, become 
effective only when the Fiscal Agent has received 
such 
default 
notices 
from 
the 
Holders 
representing at least 15% of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz (1)(b) und/oder 
(1)(c) wird eine Kündigungserklärung, sofern 
nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer der in 
Absatz (1)(a), und (1)(d) bis (1)(f) bezeichneten 
Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst wirksam, wenn 
bei der Emissionsstelle Kündigungserklärungen 
von Gläubigern im Nennbetrag von mindestens 
15 % des Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt 
noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) Substitution. 
 
(1) Ersetzung 
The Issuer (or the Substitute Debtor) may, 
without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal or of interest or any other amount in 
respect of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any company of which 
more than 90% of the voting shares or other 
equity interests are directly or indirectly owned 
by the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (the Substitute Debtor) provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit 
einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder einer 
anderen Zahlung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
jede 
Gesellschaft, 
deren 
stimmberechtigte Gesellschaftsanteile zu mehr 
als 90 % direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin 
gehalten werden, an Stelle der Emittentin als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental authorisations and 
may transfer to the Principal Paying Agent 
in the Specified Currency and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
country in which the Substitute Debtor or 
the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, 
all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the 
Notes; 
 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen 
behördlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt 
ist, an die Hauptzahlstelle die zur Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden 
Beträge in der Festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in 
dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder 
andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder as a result of such substitution; 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten 
freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger infolge 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden Beträge garantiert; 
(e) no event would occur as a result of the 
substitution that would give rise to the right 
of the Substitute Debtor to call the Notes for 
redemption pursuant to § 5(2); and 
 
(e) aufgrund der Ersetzung kein Ereignis 
eintreten 
würde, 
welches 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
dazu 
berechtigen 
würde, die Schuldverschreibung gemäß 
§ 5(2) zu kündigen und zurückzuzahlen; und 
(f) there will have been delivered to the 
Principal Paying Agent an opinion or 
opinions with respect to the relevant 
jurisdictions of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the provisions of 
this § 10(1) above have been satisfied. 
 
(f) der Hauptzahlstelle jeweils ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, das 
bestätigt bzw. die bestätigen, dass die 
Bestimmungen in diesem § 10(1) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(2) References. 
 
(2) Bezugnahmen. 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 10(1), 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer will be a reference to the Substitute 
Debtor and any reference to the Federal Republic 
of Germany will be a reference to the Substitute 
Debtor's country (countries) of domicile for tax 
purposes. For the avoidance of doubt this will 
apply only to the extent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant condition does not require 
that the relevant reference will continue to be a 
reference only to Infineon Technologies AG (i.e. 
in particular in relation to § 5(4) (Change of 
Control Event), or that the reference will be to the 
Substitute Debtor and Infineon Technologies 
AG, in relation to Infineon Technologies AG's 
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung gemäß § 10(1) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin als eine 
solche auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als eine solche auf den Staat (die 
Staaten), in welchem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
steuerlich ansässig ist. Klarstellend sei erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, dass die 
Bezugnahme entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
Infineon Technologies AG erfolgen soll (also 
insbesondere 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
§ 5(4) 
(Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis), 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und 
gleichzeitig auch auf die Infineon Technologies

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
obligations under the guarantee pursuant to 
§ 10(1)(d), at the same time).  
AG, im Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(d), erfolgen soll).  
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
 
(3) Bekanntmachung 
und 
Wirksamwerden 
der 
Ersetzung. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer will be 
given by publication in accordance with § 12. 
Upon such publication, the substitution will 
become effective, and the Issuer and in the event 
of a repeated application of this § 10, any 
previous Substitute Debtor will be discharged 
from any and all obligations under the Notes. 
 
Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist gemäß § 12 
bekannt zu machen. Mit der Bekanntmachung der 
Ersetzung wird die Ersetzung wirksam und die 
Emittentin und im Falle einer wiederholten 
Anwendung 
dieses 
§ 10 
jede 
frühere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin von ihren sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen frei. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, create and issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes of this series in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes of this 
series. 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
die 
gleichen 
Bedingungen 
wie 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Anleihe haben und 
die zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser Anleihe eine einheitliche Gesamtemission 
bilden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen 
Kursblatt 
(official 
list) 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
regulierten Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require), all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind (und die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]  
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on another 
stock exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes, 
as long as the Notes are listed on such stock 
exchange and if the rules of such stock exchange 
so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite der Börse, 
an der die Emittentin das Listing der Notes 
veranlasst hat zu veröffentlichen, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock 
exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the 
rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, 
the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse 
notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 
bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE  
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER  
(1) Majority Resolutions pursuant to the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. 
The Issuer may agree with the Holders on 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions by 
virtue of a majority resolution of the Holders 
pursuant to § 5 et seqq. of the German Act on 
Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
SchVG), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, 
the 
Holders 
may 
consent 
to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under § 5 para. 3 
of the SchVG by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as stated 
under § 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Holders. 
 
Die Emittentin kann mit den Gläubigern gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung Änderungen der 
Anleihebedingungen durch Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger vereinbaren. Insbesondere können 
die Gläubiger durch Beschluss mit der in § 13(2) 
genannten Mehrheit Änderungen zustimmen, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen 
geändert 
wird, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG 
genannten Maßnahmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) Qualified Majority. 
 
(2) Qualifizierte Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5 para. 3 numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material 
other matters may only be passed by a majority 
of at least 75% of the voting rights participating 
in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden 
Satzes und der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
können 
die 
Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte fassen. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
geändert 
wird, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, oder sonstige wesentliche 
Maßnahmen beschlossen werden, dürfen nur mit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit) gefasst werden. 
(3) Voting. 
 
(3) Abstimmung. 
The Holders may pass resolutions in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with § 5 
et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with § 18 and § 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG 
fassen. 
(4) Holders' Meeting. 
 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. 
If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by 
means of a meeting the convening notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further details 
relating to the resolutions and the voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the 
Holders together with the convening notice. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gefasst werden, enthält 
die Bekanntmachung der Einberufung nähere 
Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Gläubigern 
mit 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an 
der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of a Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4) hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting. 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) Passing Resolutions without Holders' Meeting. 
 
(5) Beschlussfassung ohne Versammlung. 
If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by 
means of a vote without a meeting the request for 
voting (Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will 
provide for further details relating to the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions shall be notified to the Holders 
together with the request for voting. The exercise 
of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day preceding the beginning 
of the voting period. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of a Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4) hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the day the voting period 
ends. 
 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
enthält die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Gläubigern 
mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
Beginn 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis zum letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
(6) Failed Quorum, Second Holders' Meeting. 
 
(6) Mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
zweite 
Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the 
meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting 
the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with § 15 para. 3 
sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of § 15 para. 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß 
§ 13(4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the second meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a 
special 
confirmation 
of 
a 
Custodian 
in 
accordance with § 14(4) hereof in text form and 
by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
an der zweiten Versammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
zweiten 
Versammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis zum angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
(7) Holders' representative. 
 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the 
Holders' Representative and a limitation of 
liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to 
(6) do also apply to the resolution regarding the 
appointment of a Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions or other material matters.]  
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die 
Pflichten, 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. § 13(2) bis 
(6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung über die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. Der 
Beschluss zur Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter befugt ist, 
Änderungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen 
Maßnahmen 
gemäß 
§ 13(2) 
zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the 
Holders' 
Representative) 
shall 
be 
[name, 
address]. The Holders' Representative shall have 
the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times of the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence. The provisions of the 
SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the 
Holders' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den Emissionsbedingungen bestimmt wird, ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, 
die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den 
zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat vorsätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. 
Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.]

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
(8) Publication. 
 
(8) Bekanntmachung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made 
exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend 
diesen 
§ 13 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG. 
 
 
 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to any 
guarantee 
granted 
in 
connection 
with 
a 
substitution of the Issuer. 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin gewährten Garantie. 
§ 14 
(FINAL PROVISIONS) 
 
§ 14 
(SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN) 
(1) Applicable Law. 
 
(1) Anzuwendendes Recht. 
The Notes are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmen 
sich 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the non-exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all proceedings arising 
from matters provided for in these Terms and 
Conditions 
will 
be 
Munich. 
The 
Issuer 
irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of Munich 
being nominated as the forum to hear and 
determine any proceedings and to settle any 
disputes and agrees not to claim that any of those 
courts is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingend vorgeschriebenen 
Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach 
dem SchVG ist München nicht ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus 
den in diesen Emissionsbedingungen geregelten 
Angelegenheiten. Die Emittentin verzichtet 
unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder 
später dagegen geltend machen könnte, dass die 
zuständigen 
Gerichte 
von 
München 
als 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
die 
Anhörung 
und 
Entscheidung von Verfahren und die Beilegung 
von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind und, 
verpflichtet sich keine Rüge der Unzuständigkeit 
gegen eines dieser Gerichte zu erheben. 
(3) Place of Performance. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. 
Place of performance will be Munich, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
Erfüllungsort ist München, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(4) Enforcement of Rights. 
 
(4) Geltendmachung von Rechten. 
Any Holder may in any proceedings against the 
Issuer or to which the Holder and the Issuer are 
parties protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under the Notes on the basis of: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen 
Namen 
geltend zu machen gegen Vorlage: 
(a) a certificate issued by his Custodian 
(A) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, 
(B) specifying 
an 
aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited on the 
date of such statement to such Holder's 
securities account(s) maintained with his 
 
(a) einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank, die 
(A) den vollen Namen und die volle 
Anschrift 
des 
Gläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheinigung den

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
Custodian and (C) confirming that his 
Custodian has given a written notice to the 
Clearing System and the Principal Paying 
Agent containing the information specified 
in (A) and (B) and bearing acknow-
ledgements of the Clearing System and the 
relevant account holder in the Clearing 
System and 
bei dieser Depotbank bestehenden Depots 
dieses Gläubigers gutgeschrieben sind und 
(C) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank dem 
Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle 
eine schriftliche Mitteilung gemacht hat, die 
die Angaben gemäß (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke des Clearingsystems 
sowie des betroffenen Kontoinhabers bei 
dem Clearingsystem trägt sowie 
(b) a copy of the Global Note relating to the 
Notes, certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or the Principal Paying Agent; or 
 
(b) einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten 
des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle bestätigten Ablichtung der 
Globalurkunde; oder 
(c) any other means of evidence permitted in 
legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. 
 
(c) eines anderen, in Rechtsstreitigkeiten in 
dem Land der Geltendmachung zulässigen 
Beweismittels. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of any Notes and 
having an account maintained with the Clearing 
System, including the Clearing System. 
 
"Depotbank" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
Bank- 
oder 
sonstiges Finanzinstitut, bei dem der Gläubiger 
Schuldverschreibungen im Depot verwahren 
lässt und das ein Konto bei dem Clearingsystem 
hat, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in 
part in Germany or distributed in whole or in 
part to non-professional investors in Germany

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
with 
English 
language 
Conditions, 
the 
following applies:  
Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen wird bei der Infineon 
Technologies AG, Am Campeon 1-15, 85579 
Neubiberg, 
zur 
kostenlosen 
Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
OPTION II –  Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes with floating interest rate / 
 
Emissionsbedingungen für Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
§ 1 
(CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM) 
 
§ 1 
(WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM) 
(1) Currency; Denomination. 
 
(1) Währung; Stückelung. 
This series of notes (the Notes) of Infineon 
Technologies AG (Infineon Technologies AG or 
the Issuer) is being issued in [Specified 
Currency] (the Specified Currency) in the 
aggregate principal amount [in the case the 
Global Note is an NGN the following applies: 
(subject to § 1(3))] of [aggregate principal 
amount] (in words: [aggregate principal amount 
in words]) in the denomination of [Specified 
Denomination] (the Specified Denomination). 
 
Diese Serie von Schuldverschreibungen (die 
Schuldverschreibungen) 
der 
Infineon 
Technologies AG  (Infineon Technologies AG 
oder die Emittentin) wird in [Festgelegte 
Währung] (die Festgelegte Währung) im 
Gesamtnennbetrag [falls die Globalurkunde eine 
NGN 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(vorbehaltlich § 1(3))] von [Gesamtnennbetrag] 
(in Worten: [Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten]) in 
einer Stückelung von [Festgelegte Stückelung] 
(die Festgelegte Stückelung) begeben. 
(2) Form. 
 
(2) Form. 
The Notes are being issued in bearer form. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen lauten auf den 
Inhaber. 
[In the case of Notes which are represented by a 
Permanent Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde verbrieft sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Permanent Global Note. 
 
(3) Dauerglobalurkunde. 
The Notes are represented by a permanent global 
note (the Permanent Global Note or the Global 
Note) without coupons. The Permanent Global 
Note shall be signed manually by authorized 
signatories 
of 
the 
Issuer 
and 
shall 
be 
authenticated by or on behalf of the Fiscal Agent. 
Definitive Notes and interest coupons will not be 
issued.] 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen sind durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde (die Dauerglobalurkunde 
oder die Globalurkunde) ohne Zinsscheine 
verbrieft. Die Dauerglobalurkunde trägt die 
eigenhändigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin und ist 
von der Emissionsstelle oder in deren Namen mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzelurkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben.] 
[In the case of Notes which are initially represented 
by a Temporary Global Note the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die anfänglich 
durch eine Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: 
(3) Temporary Global Note – Exchange. 
 
(3) Vorläufige Globalurkunde – Austausch. 
(a) The Notes are initially represented by a 
temporary global note (the Temporary 
Global Note) without coupons. The interests 
in the Temporary Global Note will be 
exchangeable for interests in Notes in 
Specified Denominations represented by a 
permanent global note (the Permanent 
Global Note and together with the 
Temporary Global Note, the Global Notes) 
without coupons. [In the case of Euroclear 
and CBL and if the Global Note is an NGN 
the following applies: The details of such 
 
(a) Die Schuldverschreibungen sind anfänglich 
durch eine vorläufige Globalurkunde (die 
Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde) 
ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft. Die Anteile an der 
Vorläufigen Globalurkunde werden gegen 
Anteile an Schuldverschreibungen in den 
Festgelegten Stückelungen, die durch eine 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
(die 
Dauerglobal-
urkunde und zusammen mit der vorläufigen 
Globalurkunde, die Globalurkunden) ohne 
Zinsscheine verbrieft sind, ausgetauscht. 
[Im Fall von Euroclear und CBL und wenn

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
exchange shall be entered in the records of 
the ICSDs (as defined below).] The Global 
Notes shall each be signed manually by 
authorized signatories of the Issuer and shall 
each be authenticated by or on behalf of the 
Fiscal Agent. Definitive Notes and interest 
coupons will not be issued. 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Einzelheiten 
eines solchen Austausches werden in die 
Aufzeichnungen 
der 
ICSDs 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) aufgenommen.] Die 
Globalurkunden tragen jeweils die eigen-
händigen Unterschriften ordnungsgemäß 
bevollmächtigter Vertreter der Emittentin 
und sind jeweils von der Emissionsstelle 
oder 
in 
deren 
Namen 
mit 
einer 
Kontrollunterschrift 
versehen. 
Einzel-
urkunden und Zinsscheine werden nicht 
ausgegeben. 
(b) Interests in the Temporary Global Note shall 
be exchanged for interests in the Permanent 
Global Note on or after a date (the 
Exchange Date) that is 40 days after the 
date of issue of the Notes. Such exchange 
shall only be made upon and to the extent of 
delivery of certifications to the effect that 
the beneficial owners or owners of the Notes 
are not U.S. persons (other than certain 
financial institutions or certain persons 
holding Notes through such financial 
institutions). Payment of interest on Notes 
represented by a Temporary Global Note 
will be made only after delivery of such 
certifications. A separate certification shall 
be required in respect of each such payment 
of interest. Any such certification received 
on or after the 40th day after the date of issue 
of the Notes will be treated as a request to 
exchange the Temporary Global Note 
pursuant to subparagraph (b) of this § 1(3). 
Any Notes delivered in exchange for the 
Temporary Global Note shall be delivered 
only outside of the United States (as defined 
in § 1(6)).] 
 
(b) Anteile an der Vorläufigen Globalurkunde 
werden am oder nach dem 40. Tag nach dem 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen (der Austauschtag) 
gegen Anteile an der Dauerglobalurkunde 
ausgetauscht. Ein solcher Austausch darf 
nur nach Vorlage und im Umfang von 
Bescheinigungen erfolgen, wonach die 
wirtschaftlichen 
Eigentümer 
oder 
Eigentümer 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
keine U.S.-Personen sind (ausgenommen 
bestimmte Finanzinstitute oder bestimmte 
Personen, die Schuldverschreibungen über 
solche Finanzinstitute halten). Solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, 
werden Zinszahlungen erst nach Vorlage 
dieser 
Bescheinigungen 
vorgenommen. 
Eine gesonderte Bescheinigung ist für jede 
solche 
Zinszahlung 
erforderlich. 
Jede 
Bescheinigung, die am oder nach dem 40. 
Tag nach dem Tag der Begebung der 
Schuldverschreibungen eingeht, wird als ein 
Ersuchen 
behandelt 
werden, 
diese 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde gemäß Absatz 
(b) dieses § 1(3) auszutauschen. Schuld-
verschreibungen, die im Austausch für die 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde geliefert werden, 
dürfen nur außerhalb der Vereinigten 
Staaten (wie in § 1(6) definiert) geliefert 
werden.] 
(4) Clearing System. 
 
(4) Clearingsystem. 
Each Global Note will be kept in custody by or 
on behalf of the Clearing System until all 
obligations of the Issuer under the Notes have 
been satisfied. Clearing System means [if more 
than one Clearing System, the following 
applies: each of] the following: [Clearstream 
Banking Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main 
(CBF)] [Clearstream Banking S.A. Luxembourg 
(CBL)] [and] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV Brussels 
as operator of the Euroclear System (Euroclear)] 
 
Die Globalurkunde wird solange von einem oder 
im Namen eines Clearingsystems verwahrt, bis 
sämtliche Verbindlichkeiten der Emittentin aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfüllt 
sind. 
Clearingsystem bedeutet [bei mehr als einem 
Clearingsystem 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeweils] 
folgendes: 
[Clearstream 
Banking 
Aktiengesellschaft, Frankfurt am Main (CBF)] 
[Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxemburg (CBL)] 
[und] [Euroclear Bank SA/NV Brüssel, als

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
and any successor in such capacity. [In the case 
of CBL and Euroclear as Clearing System the 
following 
applies: 
International 
Central 
Securities Depositary or ICSD means each of 
CBL and Euroclear (together, the ICSDs).] 
Betreiberin des Euroclear Systems (Euroclear)] 
sowie jeder Funktionsnachfolger. [Im Fall von 
CBL oder Euroclear als Clearingsystem ist 
folgendes anwendbar: International Central 
Securities Depositary oder ICSD bezeichnet 
jeweils CBL und Euroclear (zusammen die 
ICSDs).] 
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a NGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in new 
global note (NGN) form and are kept in custody 
by a common safekeeper on behalf of both 
ICSDs. 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer New Global Note (NGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle im Namen beider ICSDs verwahrt. 
The principal amount of Notes represented by the 
Global Note shall be the aggregate amount from 
time to time entered in the records of both ICSDs. 
The records of the ICSDs (which expression 
means the records that each ICSD holds for its 
customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Notes) shall be 
conclusive evidence of the principal amount of 
Notes represented by the Global Note and, for 
these purposes, a statement issued by an ICSD 
stating the principal amount of Notes so 
represented at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant ICSD at 
that time. 
 
Der Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen entspricht 
dem jeweils in den Registern beider ICSDs 
eingetragenen Gesamtbetrag. Die Register der 
ICSDs (unter denen man die Register versteht, 
die jeder ICSD für seine Kunden über den Betrag 
ihres Anteils an den Schuldverschreibungen 
führt) sind schlüssiger Nachweis über den 
Nennbetrag der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen und eine zu 
diesen Zwecken von einem ICSD jeweils 
ausgestellte Bestätigung mit dem Nennbetrag der 
so verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen ist zu 
jedem Zeitpunkt ein schlüssiger Nachweis über 
den Inhalt des Registers des jeweiligen ICSD. 
On any redemption or interest being made in 
respect of, or purchase and cancellation of, any of 
the Notes represented by the Global Note the 
Issuer shall procure that details of any 
redemption, 
payment 
or 
purchase 
and 
cancellation (as the case may be) in respect of the 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the 
records of the ICSDs and, upon any such entry 
being made, the principal amount of the Notes 
recorded in the records of the ICSDs and 
represented by the Global Note shall be reduced 
by the aggregate principal amount of the Notes so 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled.]  
 
Bei Rückzahlung oder Zinszahlung bezüglich der 
durch 
die 
Globalurkunde 
verbrieften 
Schuldverschreibungen bzw. bei Kauf und 
Entwertung der durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldverschreibungen stellt die 
Emittentin sicher, dass die Einzelheiten über jede 
Rückzahlung und Zahlung bzw. Kauf und 
Entwertung bezüglich der Globalurkunden pro 
rata in die Unterlagen der ICSDs eingetragen 
werden, und nach dieser Eintragung vom 
Nennbetrag der in die Register der ICSDs 
aufgenommenen und durch die Globalurkunde 
verbrieften Schuldschreibungen der Gesamt-
nennbetrag der zurückgezahlten bzw. gekauften 
und 
entwerteten 
Schuldverschreibungen 
abgezogen wird.]  
[In the case of Notes kept in custody on behalf 
of the ICSDs and the global note is a CGN, the 
following applies: The Notes are issued in 
classical global note (CGN) form and are kept in 
custody by a common depositary on behalf of 
both ICSDs.] 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, und falls 
die Globalurkunde eine CGN ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Die Schuldverschreibungen werden 
in Form einer Classical Global Note (CGN) 
ausgegeben 
und 
von 
einer 
gemeinsamen 
Verwahrstelle 
im 
Namen 
beider 
ICSDs 
verwahrt.] 
(5) Holder of Notes. 
 
(5) Gläubiger von Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
Holder means any holder of a proportionate co-
ownership or other beneficial interest or right in 
the Notes. 
 
Gläubiger 
bedeutet 
jeder 
Inhaber 
eines 
Miteigentumsanteils oder anderen vergleichbaren 
Rechts an den Schuldverschreibungen. 
[In the case the Temporary Global Note is a 
NGN, the following applies: On an exchange of 
a portion only of the Notes represented by a 
Temporary Global Note, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of such exchange shall be entered pro 
rata in the records of the ICSDs.] 
 
[Falls die Globalurkunde eine NGN ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Bei Austausch nur eines 
Teils von Schuldverschreibungen, die durch eine 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft sind, wird 
die Emittentin sicherstellen, dass die Einzelheiten 
dieses Austauschs pro rata in die Register der 
ICSDs aufgenommen werden.] 
(6) United States. 
 
(6) Vereinigte Staaten. 
For the purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
United States means the United States of 
America (including the States thereof and the 
District of Columbia) and its possessions 
(including Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, 
Guam, American Samoa, Wake Island and 
Northern Mariana Islands). 
 
Für die Zwecke dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Vereinigte Staaten die Vereinigten 
Staaten von Amerika (einschließlich deren 
Bundesstaaten und des District of Columbia) 
sowie deren Territorien (einschließlich Puerto 
Rico, der U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, American 
Samoa, Wake Island und Northern Mariana 
Islands). 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVE PLEDGE) 
 
§ 2 
(STATUS, NEGATIVVERPFLICHTUNG) 
(1) Status. 
 
(1) Status. 
The obligations under the Notes constitute 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer ranking pari passu among themselves and 
pari passu with all other present or future 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer, unless such obligations are accorded 
priority under mandatory provisions of statutory 
law. 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen begründen nicht 
besicherte 
und 
nicht 
nachrangige 
Verbindlichkeiten 
der 
Emittentin, 
die 
untereinander 
und 
mit 
allen 
anderen 
gegenwärtigen und künftigen nicht besicherten 
und nicht nachrangigen Verbindlichkeiten der 
Emittentin gleichrangig sind, soweit diesen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
nicht 
durch 
zwingende 
gesetzliche 
Bestimmungen 
ein 
Vorrang 
eingeräumt wird. 
(2) Negative Pledge.  
 
(2) Negativverpflichtung. 
So long as any of the Notes remain outstanding, 
but only up to the time all amounts of principal 
and interest have been placed at the disposal of 
the Fiscal Agent, the Issuer undertakes  
 
Die 
Emittentin 
verpflichtet 
sich, 
solange 
Schuldverschreibungen ausstehen, jedoch nur bis 
zu dem Zeitpunkt, an dem alle Beträge an Kapital 
und Zinsen der Emissionsstelle zur Verfügung 
gestellt worden sind,  
(i) not to grant or permit to subsist any mortgage, 
land charge, lien or any other security right in rem 
(dingliches 
Sicherungsrecht) 
(the 
Security 
Interest) over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness (as defined in § 
2(2)) and 
 
(i) keine Grundpfandrechte, Pfandrechte oder 
sonstigen 
dinglichen 
Sicherungsrechte 
(ein 
Sicherungsrecht) an gegenwärtigen oder zu-
künftigen Teilen ihres Vermögens oder ihres 
Vermögens 
insgesamt 
zur 
Sicherung 
der 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Kapital-
marktverbindlichkeiten (wie in § 2(2) definiert) 
zu bestellen oder fortbestehen zu lassen, und  
(ii) to procure, to the extent legally possible, that 
none of its Material Subsidiary (as defined in 
§ 2(3)) will grant or permit to subsist any Security 
Interest over any or all of its present or future 
assets, as security for any present or future 
Capital Market Indebtedness, without at the same 
 
(ii) soweit rechtlich möglich, zu veranlassen, dass 
keine ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
(wie in § 2(3) definiert) Sicherungsrechte an 
gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen Teilen ihres 
Vermögens oder ihres Vermögens insgesamt zur 
Sicherung der gegenwärtigen oder zukünftigen

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
time having the Holders share equally and 
rateably in such Security Interest. 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
bestellt 
oder 
fortbestehen lässt, ohne jeweils die Gläubiger zur 
gleichen Zeit auf gleiche Weise und anteilig an 
diesen Sicherungsrechten teilhaben zu lassen. 
This undertaking shall not apply with respect to 
any Security Interest which 
 
Diese Verpflichtung gilt nicht in Bezug auf 
Sicherungsrechte, die 
(i) is provided over any of the Issuer's claims or 
claims of any of its Material Subsidiaries against 
any affiliated companies within the meaning of 
sections 15 et seq. of the German Stock 
Corporation Act (Aktiengesetz) or any third party, 
which claims exist now or arise at any time in the 
future, as a result of the passing on of the 
proceeds from the sale by the Issuer of any 
securities, provided that any such security serves 
to secure obligations under such securities issued 
by the Issuer or by any of its Material 
Subsidiaries, 
 
(i) 
an 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Ansprüchen der Emittentin oder Ansprüchen 
einer ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften 
gegen verbundene Unternehmen im Sinne der §§ 
15 f. Aktiengesetz oder gegen Dritte aufgrund 
von einer Übertragung von Erlösen aus dem 
Verkauf von Wertpapieren bestehen, soweit diese 
Sicherheiten zur Sicherung von Verpflichtungen 
aus diesen durch die Emittentin oder durch eine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften ausge-
gebenen Wertpapieren dienen, 
(ii) is existing on assets at the time of the 
acquisition thereof by the Issuer or by any of its 
Material Subsidiaries or is existing over assets of 
a newly acquired company which becomes a 
member of the Infineon Group, 
 
(ii) an Vermögensgegenständen bestellt sind, die 
bereits 
zum 
Zeitpunkt 
des 
Erwerbs 
des 
betreffenden Vermögensgegenstandes durch die 
Emittentin oder durch eine ihrer Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften 
bestanden, 
oder 
am 
Vermögen einer neu erworbenen Gesellschaft 
bestehen, die Mitglied des Infineon-Konzerns 
wird, 
(iii) is existing on the issue date of the Notes, 
 
(iii) zum Ausgabetag der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestehen, 
(iv) secures a Capital Market Indebtedness 
existing at the time of acquisition that becomes 
an obligation of the Issuer or of any company 
within the Infineon Group as a consequence of 
such acquisition, provided that such Capital 
Market Indebtedness was not created in 
contemplation of such acquisition, 
 
(iv) eine im Zeitpunkt einer Akquisition 
bestehende 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
besichern, die infolge der Akquisition eine 
Verpflichtung 
der 
Emittentin 
oder 
einer 
Gesellschaft des Infineon-Konzerns wird, sofern 
diese 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
nicht 
im 
Hinblick auf diese Akquisition begründet wurde, 
(v) is mandatory pursuant to applicable laws or 
required as a prerequisite for obtaining any 
governmental approvals, 
 
(v) aufgrund anwendbaren Rechts gesetzlich 
vorgeschriebene Sicherheiten sind oder solche, 
deren Bestehen eine Voraussetzung zur Erteilung 
einer behördlichen Genehmigung sind, 
(vi) is provided in connection with any issuance 
of asset backed securities by the Issuer or by any 
of its Material Subsidiaries, 
 
(vi) im Zusammenhang mit durch die Emittentin 
oder 
durch 
eine 
ihrer 
Wesentlichen 
Tochtergesellschaften begebenen asset backed 
securities (ABS) stehen, 
(vii) is provided in respect of any issuance of 
asset backed securities made by a special purpose 
vehicle where the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries is the originator of the underlying 
assets, 
 
(vii) im Zusammenhang mit durch Zweck-
gesellschaften begebenen asset backed securities 
(ABS) stehen, bei denen die Emittentin oder eine 
ihrer Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaften der 
Originator der zugrundeliegenden Vermögens-
gegenstände ist, 
(viii) is provided in connection with the renewal, 
extension or replacement of any security pursuant 
to foregoing (i) through (vii), or 
 
(viii) der Erneuerung, Verlängerung oder dem 
Austausch 
irgendeiner 
Sicherheit 
gemäß 
vorstehend (i) bis (vii) dienen, oder

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
(ix) secures Capital Market Indebtedness the 
principal amount of which does not exceed 
EUR 500,000,000 (or its equivalent in other 
currencies at any time). 
 
(ix) Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten besichern, 
deren Kapitalbetrag EUR 500.000.000 (oder 
deren 
jeweiligen 
Gegenwert 
in 
anderen 
Währungen) nicht überschreitet. 
For purposes of these Terms and Conditions, 
Capital 
Market 
Indebtedness 
means 
any 
obligation for the payment of borrowed money 
which is evidenced by a certificate of 
indebtedness (Schuldscheindarlehen) or which is 
represented by any bond with an original maturity 
of more than one year which is, or is intended to 
be, or is capable of being listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognized securities 
market. 
 
 
Im 
Sinne 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bezeichnet Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit jede 
Verbindlichkeit 
zur 
Rückzahlung 
aufgenommener 
Geldbeträge, 
die 
durch 
Schuldscheindarlehen dokumentiert ist oder 
durch 
Schuldverschreibungen 
mit 
einer 
ursprünglichen Laufzeit von mehr als einem Jahr, 
die an einer Börse oder an einem anderen 
anerkannten Wertpapiermarkt zugelassen oder 
gehandelt werden oder zugelassen oder gehandelt 
werden können, verbrieft, verkörpert oder 
dokumentiert ist. 
Infineon Group means Infineon Technologies 
AG and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 
 
Infineon-Konzern 
bezeichnet 
Infineon 
Technologies AG und ihre Tochtergesellschaften 
auf konsolidierter Basis. 
(3) Certain definitions: 
Subsidiary means, with respect to any Person, 
any corporation, limited liability company, 
association, partnership or other business entity 
whose results of operations are consolidated in 
accordance with IFRS with those of:  
 
(3) Bestimmte Begriffsbestimmungen: 
Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet in Bezug auf 
einen Rechtsträger, eine Kapitalgesellschaft, eine 
Gesellschaft mit Haftungsbeschränkung, eine 
Vereinigung, eine Personengesellschaft oder ein 
sonstiges 
Unternehmen, 
dessen 
Ergebnisse 
gemäß IFRS mit den Ergebnissen folgender 
Personen konsolidiert werden:  
(a) such Person; 
 
(a) dieses Rechtsträgers; 
(b) such Person and one or more Subsidiaries of 
such Person; or 
 
(b) dieses 
Rechtsträgers 
und 
einer 
oder 
mehreren 
Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses 
Rechtsträgers; oder 
(c) one or more Subsidiaries of such Person; 
 
(c) einer oder mehrerer Tochtergesellschaften 
dieses Rechtsträgers. 
provided however, that the term Subsidiary shall 
in no event include Qimonda AG and any of its 
subsidiaries. 
 
Der Begriff der Tochtergesellschaft schließt 
jedoch in keinem Fall die Qimonda AG und ihre 
Tochtergesellschaften ein. 
IFRS refers to International Financial Reporting 
Standards of the International Accounting 
Standards Board, to the extent to which they have 
been endorsed by the European Union. 
Material Subsidiary means a Subsidiary of the 
Infineon Technologies AG which, based on the 
latest audited annual consolidated financial 
statements of the Group (Konzernabschluss) (and 
the annual financial statements of the respective 
Subsidiary) 
has 
unconsolidated 
EBITDA, 
unconsolidated gross assets or unconsolidated 
turnover 
(excluding 
intragroup 
items) 
representing 5% or more of the consolidated 
EBITDA, 
consolidated 
gross 
assets 
or 
consolidated turnover of the Group, provided that 
 
IFRS bezeichnet die International Financial 
Reporting 
Standards 
des 
International 
Accounting Standards Board, wie sie von der 
Europäischen Union anerkannt werden. 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft bezeichnet eine 
Tochtergesellschaft der Infineon Technologies 
AG, deren nicht konsolidiertes EBITDA, nicht 
konsolidiertes Bruttovermögen oder deren nicht 
konsolidierter 
Umsatz 
(ausschließlich 
konzerninterner Posten) gemäß dem letzten 
geprüften 
Konzernabschluss 
(und 
dem 
Jahresabschluss 
der 
betreffenden 
Tochtergesellschaft) 
mindestens 
5 
% 
des 
konsolidierten EBITDA, des konsolidierten 
Bruttovermögens 
oder 
des 
konsolidierten

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
any newly acquired subsidiary of the Infineon 
Technologies AG shall in no event constitute a 
Material Subsidiary until expiry of a six-months 
period from the completion of the relevant 
acquisition. A certificate issued by the Infineon 
Technologies AG's auditors stating that a 
subsidiary is or is not or was or was not at a 
specified date a Material Subsidiary shall, in the 
absence of manifest error, be conclusive and 
binding on all parties. 
Umsatzes des Konzerns ausmacht, wobei eine 
neu erworbene Tochtergesellschaft der Infineon 
Technologies AG bis zum Ablauf von sechs 
Monaten ab Durchführung des Erwerbs nicht als 
Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft gilt. Ein Bericht 
der Wirtschaftsprüfer der Infineon Technologies 
AG darüber, ob ihrer Meinung nach eine 
Tochtergesellschaft 
zu 
einem 
bestimmten 
Zeitpunkt eine Wesentliche Tochtergesellschaft 
ist oder war bzw. nicht ist oder nicht war, ist, 
sofern nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt, 
für alle Beteiligten endgültig und bindend. 
EBITDA 
means 
operating 
income 
plus 
depreciation and amortization and is derived 
from the operating income determined in 
accordance with IFRS. 
EBITDA entspricht dem Operativen Ergebnis 
zuzüglich Abschreibungen und wird von dem 
nach IFRS ermittelten Operativen Ergebnis 
abgeleitet. 
§ 3 
(INTEREST) 
 
§ 3 
(ZINSEN) 
(1) Interest Payment Dates. 
 
(1) Zinszahlungstage. 
(a) The Notes shall bear interest on their 
Specified 
Denomination 
from 
(and 
including) [Interest Commencement Date] 
(the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the first Interest Payment Date 
and thereafter from (and including) each 
Interest Payment Date to (but excluding) the 
next following Interest Payment Date. 
Interest on the Notes shall be payable in 
arrear on each Interest Payment Date. 
 
 
(a) Die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
werden 
bezogen auf ihre Festgelegte Stückelung 
vom 
[Verzinsungsbeginn] 
(der 
Verzinsungsbeginn) (einschließlich) bis zum 
ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) und 
danach 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) bis zum nächstfolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) verzinst. 
Die Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
sind nachträglich an jedem Zinszahlungstag 
zahlbar. 
(b) Interest Payment Date means 
 
(b) Zinszahlungstag bedeutet 
[In case of Specified Interest Payment 
Dates, 
the 
following 
applies: 
each 
[Specified Interest Payment Dates].] 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
festgelegten 
Zinszahlungstagen 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
jeder 
[festgelegte 
Zinszahlungstage].] 
[In case of Specified Interest Periods, the 
following applies: each date which (except 
as otherwise provided in these Terms and 
Conditions) 
falls 
[number] 
[weeks] 
[months] after the preceding Interest 
Payment Date or, in the case of the first 
Interest Payment Date, after the Interest 
Commencement Date.] 
 
[Im Fall von festgelegten Zinsperioden ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(soweit 
diese 
Emissionsbedingungen keine abweichenden 
Bestimmungen vorsehen) jeweils der Tag, 
der [Zahl] [Wochen] [Monate] nach dem 
vorausgehenden Zinszahlungstag liegt, oder 
im Fall des ersten Zinszahlungstages, nach 
dem Verzinsungsbeginn.] 
(c) If any Interest Payment Date would 
otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day (as defined below), it shall be: 
 
(c) Fällt ein Zinszahlungstag auf einen Tag, der 
kein 
Geschäftstag 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) ist, so wird der Zinszahlungstag 
[In case of Modified Following Business 
Day Convention, the following applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
 
[Im Fall der modifizierten folgender 
Geschäftstag-Konvention 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall wird

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
der Zinszahlungstag auf den unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
[In case of FRN Convention, the following 
applies: postponed to the next day which is 
a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event 
(i) the Interest Payment Date shall be the 
immediately preceding Business Day and 
(ii) each subsequent Interest Payment Date 
shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls [insert number] [months] [insert 
other specified periods] after the preceding 
applicable Interest Payment Date.] 
 
[Im Fall der FRN-Konvention ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
auf 
den 
nächstfolgenden 
Geschäftstag verschoben, es sei denn, jener 
würde 
dadurch 
in 
den 
nächsten 
Kalendermonat fallen; in diesem Fall (i) 
wird 
der 
Zinszahlungstag 
auf 
den 
unmittelbar vorhergehenden Geschäftstag 
vorgezogen und (ii) ist jeder nachfolgende 
Zinszahlungstag 
der 
jeweils 
letzte 
Geschäftstag 
des 
Monats, 
der 
[Zahl 
einfügen] [Monate] [andere festgelegte 
Zeiträume 
einfügen] 
nach 
dem 
vorhergehenden 
anwendbaren 
Zinszahlungstag liegt.] 
[In case of Following Business Day 
Convention, 
the 
following 
applies: 
postponed to the next day which is a 
Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der folgender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist folgendes anwendbar: auf 
den 
nachfolgenden 
Geschäftstag 
verschoben.] 
[In case of Preceding Business Day 
Convention, the following applies: the 
immediately preceding Business Day.] 
 
[Im Fall der vorhergehender Geschäftstag-
Konvention ist folgendes anwendbar: auf 
den 
unmittelbar 
vorhergehenden 
Geschäftstag vorgezogen.] 
(d) In this § 3, Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) 
 
(d) In diesem § 3 bezeichnet Geschäftstag einen 
Tag (außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), 
[If 
relevant 
financial 
center(s) 
is 
applicable, the following applies: on which 
commercial banks are generally open for 
business, and foreign exchange markets 
settle payments in [relevant financial 
center(s)]][.][and] 
 
[Falls 
relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) 
anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: an dem 
Geschäftsbanken allgemein für Geschäfte in 
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] geöffnet 
sind und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen in 
[relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en)] 
abwickeln][.][und] 
[If T2 is applicable, the following applies: 
on which the Clearing System as well as all 
relevant parts of the real-time gross 
settlement 
system 
operated 
by 
the 
Eurosystem or any successor (T2) are 
operational to effect the relevant payment.] 
 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: an 
dem 
das 
Clearingsystem 
sowie 
alle 
betroffenen Bereiche des Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffende 
Zahlung 
abzuwickeln.] 
(2) Rate of Interest. 
 
(2) Zinssatz. 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in the 
Specified Currency is EURIBOR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung EURIBOR ist, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) for 
each Interest Period (as defined below) will, 
except as provided below or in § 3(2)(b) [in 
case of Minimum Rate of Interest or 
Maximum Rate of Interest the following 
applies: or § 3(3)], be the offered quotation 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) 
for deposits in the Specified Currency for 
that Interest Period which appears on the 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b) [im 
Fall 
eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
oder 
Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes anwendbar: 
oder § 3(3)] nichts Abweichendes bestimmt 
wird, der Angebotssatz (ausgedrückt als 
Prozentsatz per annum) für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung für die jeweilige

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
Screen Page as of 11:00 a.m. (Brussels time) 
on the Interest Determination Date (as 
defined below) [in case of a Margin the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin (as defined below)], all as 
determined by the Calculation Agent (as 
defined in § 6(1)). 
Zinsperiode, der auf der Bildschirmseite am 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) angezeigt wird [im Fall einer 
Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) the 
first Interest Payment Date and from (and 
including) each Interest Payment Date to 
(but excluding) the following Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
Zinsperiode bezeichnet jeweils den Zeitraum 
vom Verzinsungsbeginn (einschließlich) bis 
zum ersten Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
bzw. 
von 
jedem 
Zinszahlungstag 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag 
(ausschließlich). 
Interest Determination Date means the 
second T2-Business Day prior to the 
commencement of the relevant Interest 
Period. T2-Business Day means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
the real-time gross settlement system 
operated by the Eurosystem or any 
successor (T2) is open. 
 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet den zweiten 
T2-Geschäftstag vor Beginn der jeweiligen 
Zinsperiode. T2-Geschäftstag bezeichnet 
einen Tag (außer einem Samstag oder 
Sonntag), an dem das Real-time Gross 
Settlement System des Eurosystems oder 
dessen Nachfolgesystem (T2) betriebsbereit 
ist. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Screen Page means the Reuters screen page 
EURIBOR01 or the relevant successor page 
on that service or on any other service as 
may be nominated as the information 
vendor for the purposes of displaying rates 
or prices comparable to the relevant offered 
quotation. 
 
Bildschirmseite 
bedeutet 
Reuters 
Bildschirmseite 
EURIBOR01 
oder 
die 
jeweilige Nachfolgeseite, die vom selben 
System angezeigt wird oder aber von einem 
anderen System, das zum Vertreiber von 
Informationen zum Zwecke der Anzeigen 
von Sätzen oder Preisen ernannt wurde, die 
mit 
dem 
betreffenden 
Angebotssatz 
vergleichbar sind. 
If the Screen Page is not available or if no 
such quotation appears at such time, in each 
case for reasons other than the occurrence 
of a Benchmark Event (as defined below), 
the Issuer shall request each of the 
Reference Banks (as defined below) to 
provide the Issuer (who will then forward to 
the Calculation Agent) with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate 
per annum) for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period 
and in a representative amount to prime 
banks in the interbank market in the Euro-
Zone at approximately 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the Interest Determination Date. If 
two or more of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer with such offered 
quotations, the Rate of Interest for such 
 
Sollte 
die 
Bildschirmseite 
nicht 
zur 
Verfügung stehen oder wird zu der genannten 
Zeit kein Angebotssatz angezeigt und beruht 
dies jeweils auf anderen Gründen als dem 
Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses (wie 
nachstehend definiert), wird die Emittentin 
von den Referenzbanken (wie nachstehend 
definiert) deren jeweilige Angebotssätze 
(jeweils 
als 
Prozentsatz 
per 
annum 
ausgedrückt) für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode und 
über einen repräsentativen Betrag gegenüber 
führenden Banken im Interbanken-Markt in 
der Euro-Zone um ca. 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler 
Ortszeit) am Zinsfestlegungstag anfordern 
und an die Berechnungsstelle weiterleiten. 
Falls zwei oder mehr Referenzbanken der 
Emittentin solche Angebotssätze nennen, ist

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
Interest Period shall be the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of such 
offered quotations [in case of a Margin the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin], 
all 
as determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent. 
der Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
das arithmetische Mittel (falls erforderlich, 
auf- oder abgerundet auf das nächste ein 
Tausendstel 
Prozent, 
wobei 
0,0005 
aufgerundet wird) dieser Angebotssätze [im 
Fall einer Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge], wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle erfolgen. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only 
one or none of the Reference Banks 
provides the Issuer with such offered 
quotations as provided in the preceding 
paragraph, the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period shall be the rate per 
annum which the Calculation Agent 
determines as being the arithmetic mean 
(rounded if necessary to the nearest one 
thousandth of a percentage point, with 
0.0005 being rounded upwards) of the rates, 
as communicated to (and at the request of) 
the Issuer by the Reference Banks or any 
two or more of them, at which such banks 
were offered, as at 11.00 a.m. (Brussels 
time) on the relevant Interest Determination 
Date, deposits in the Specified Currency for 
the relevant Interest Period by leading 
banks in the Euro-Zone interbank market 
[in case of a Margin, the following 
applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin] or, if 
fewer than two of the Reference Banks 
provide the Issuer with such offered rates, 
the offered rate for deposits in the Specified 
Currency for the relevant Interest Period, or 
the arithmetic mean (rounded as provided 
above) of the offered rates for deposits in 
the Specified Currency for the relevant 
Interest Period, at which, on the relevant 
Interest Determination Date, any one or 
more banks (which bank or banks is or are 
in the opinion of the Issuer suitable for such 
purpose) inform(s) the Issuer it is or they 
are quoting to leading banks in the Euro-
Zone interbank market (or, as the case may 
be, the quotations of such bank or banks to 
the Issuer) [in case of a Margin, the 
following applies: [plus] [minus] the 
Margin]. If the Rate of Interest cannot be 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the 
Rate of Interest shall be the offered 
quotation or the arithmetic mean of the 
offered quotations on the Screen Page, as 
described above, on the last day preceding 
the Interest Determination Date on which 
such quotation was offered [in case of a 
Margin, the following applies: [plus] 
 
Falls an einem Zinsfestlegungstag nur eine 
oder 
keine 
der 
Referenzbanken 
der 
Emittentin solche im vorstehenden Absatz 
beschriebenen Angebotssätze nennt, ist der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der 
Satz per annum, den die Berechnungsstelle 
als 
das 
arithmetische 
Mittel 
(falls 
erforderlich, auf- oder abgerundet auf das 
nächste ein Tausendstel Prozent, wobei 
0,0005 aufgerundet wird) der Angebotssätze 
ermittelt, die die Referenzbanken oder zwei 
oder mehr von diesen der Emittentin auf ihre 
Anfrage als den jeweiligen Satz nennen, zu 
dem ihnen um 11.00 Uhr (Brüsseler Ortszeit) 
am betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag Einlagen 
in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende 
Zinsperiode 
von 
führenden 
Banken am Interbankenmarkt in der Euro-
Zone [im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge] angeboten wurden; falls weniger als 
zwei der Referenzbanken der Emittentin 
solche Angebotssätze nennen, dann ist der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode der 
Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der festgelegten 
Währung für die betreffende Zinsperiode 
oder das arithmetische Mittel (gerundet wie 
oben beschrieben) der Angebotssätze für 
Einlagen in der festgelegten Währung für die 
betreffende Zinsperiode, den bzw. die eine 
oder mehrere Banken (die nach Ansicht der 
Emittentin für diesen Zweck geeignet sind) 
der Emittentin als Sätze bekannt geben, die 
sie an dem betreffenden Zinsfestlegungstag 
gegenüber führenden Banken am Euro-Zone-
Interbanken-Markt nennen (bzw. den diese 
Banken gegenüber der Emittentin nennen) 
[im Fall einer Marge 
ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge]. Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
dieses Absatzes ermittelt werden kann, ist der 
Zinssatz 
der 
Angebotssatz 
oder 
das 
arithmetische Mittel der Angebotssätze auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite, 
wie 
vorstehend 
beschrieben, an dem letzten Tag vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag, an dem ein solcher 
Angebotssatz angezeigt wurde [im Fall einer

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
[minus] the Margin (though substituting, 
where a different Margin is to be applied to 
the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, 
the Margin relating to the relevant Interest 
Period in place of the Margin relating to that 
last preceding Interest Period)]. 
Marge ist folgendes anwendbar: [zuzüglich] 
[abzüglich] der Marge (wobei jedoch, falls 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode eine andere 
Marge als für die unmittelbar vorhergehende 
Zinsperiode gilt, die Marge der betreffenden 
Zinsperiode an die Stelle der Marge für die 
vorangegangenen Zinsperiode tritt)]. 
Reference Banks means four major banks 
in the interbank market in the Euro-Zone. 
 
Referenzbanken 
bezeichnet 
vier 
Großbanken im Interbanken-Markt in der 
Euro-Zone. 
representative amount means an amount 
that is representative for a single transaction 
in the relevant market at the relevant time. 
 
repräsentativer Betrag bedeutet ein Betrag, 
der zu der jeweiligen Zeit in dem jeweiligen 
Markt 
für 
eine 
einzelne 
Transaktion 
repräsentativ ist. 
Euro-Zone means the region comprised of 
those Member States of the European 
Union that have adopted, or will have 
adopted from time to time, the single 
currency in accordance with the Treaty 
establishing the European Community 
(signed in Rome on 25 March 1957), as 
amended by the Treaty on European Union 
(signed in Maastricht on 7 February 1992) 
and the Amsterdam Treaty of October 2, 
1997, as further amended from time to time. 
 
Euro-Zone bezeichnet das Gebiet derjenigen 
Mitgliedstaaten der Europäischen Union, die 
gemäß dem Vertrag über die Gründung der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft (unterzeichnet in 
Rom am 25. März 1957), geändert durch den 
Vertrag 
über 
die 
Europäische 
Union 
(unterzeichnet in Maastricht am 7. Februar 
1992) und den Amsterdamer Vertrag vom 
2. Oktober 
1997, 
in 
seiner 
jeweiligen 
Fassung, 
eine 
einheitliche 
Währung 
eingeführt haben oder jeweils eingeführt 
haben werden. 
(b) If the Issuer determines that a Benchmark 
Event occurred prior to the Interest 
Determination Date in respect of the 
relevant Interest Period, the following shall 
apply: 
 
(b) Falls die Emittentin feststellt, dass vor dem 
Zinsfestlegungstag für die maßgebliche 
Zinsperiode 
ein 
Benchmark-Ereignis 
eingetreten ist, gilt das Folgende: 
(i) If the Reference Rate (as defined below) 
is substituted by an officially announced 
substitute reference rate which complies 
with the requirements set out in Regulation 
(EU) 
2016/1011 
of 
the 
European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 
June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in 
financial 
instruments 
and 
financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of 
investment funds, as amended from time to 
time or any successor provisions thereto 
(the Benchmarks Regulation), the Rate of 
Interest shall for the relevant Interest Period 
and 
any 
future 
Interest 
Period 
be 
determined on the basis of such officially 
announced substitute reference rate as 
notified by the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with § 12 of these Terms and Conditions, to 
the Holders. A substitute reference rate 
shall be deemed to be officially announced 
in particular if recommended as the 
successor rate for the Reference Rate by the 
administrator of the Reference Rate, the 
 
(i) Wird der Referenzsatz (wie nachstehend 
definiert) durch einen offiziell bekannt-
gegebenen Ersatz-Referenzsatz ersetzt, der 
die Anforderungen der Verordnung (EU) 
2016/1011 des Europäischen Parlaments und 
des Rates vom 8. Juni 2016 über Indizes, die 
bei 
Finanzinstrumenten 
und 
Finanz-
kontrakten 
als 
Referenzwert 
oder 
zur 
Messung 
der 
Wertentwicklung 
eines 
Investmentfonds verwendet werden, in ihrer 
jeweils geltenden Fassung oder etwaiger 
Nachfolgebestimmungen (die Benchmark-
Verordnung) erfüllt, dann soll der Zinssatz 
für die betreffende Zinsperiode und alle 
folgenden Zinsperioden auf Basis dieses 
offiziell bekanntgegebenen Ersatz-Referenz-
satzes bestimmt werden den die Emittentin 
der Emissionsstelle, der Berechnungsstelle 
und 
gemäß 
§ 
12 
dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
den 
Gläubigern 
mitteilt. 
Ein 
Ersatz-Referenzsatz 
gilt 
insbesondere dann als offiziell bekannt-
gegeben, wenn er vom Administrator des 
Referenzsatzes 
von 
der 
zuständigen

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
competent central bank or a relevant 
regulatory or supervisory authority or a 
group of them, or any working group or 
committee sponsored or chaired by, or 
constituted at the request of, any of them or 
the Financial Stability Board. 
Zentralbank 
oder 
einer 
maßgeblichen 
Kontroll- oder Aufsichtsbehörde oder einer 
Gruppe 
von 
diesen 
oder 
von 
einer 
Arbeitsgruppe oder einem Ausschuss, die 
von einem oder mehreren von ihnen oder dem 
Financial Stability Board gefördert oder 
geleitet wird oder auf dessen bzw. deren 
Verlangen gebildet wird, als Nachfolge-
Referenzsatz für den Referenzsatz empfohlen 
wird. 
(ii) If the Reference Rate is not substituted 
by an officially announced substitute 
reference rate which complies with the 
requirements set out in the Benchmarks 
Regulation, the Issuer may in its discretion 
determine a suitable substitute offered 
quotation which, in the opinion of the Issuer 
after consultation with an independent 
financial adviser appointed by it, comes as 
close as possible to the composition of the 
Reference Rate and which complies with 
the requirements set out in the Benchmarks 
Regulation and in such case, the Rate of 
Interest shall for the relevant Interest Period 
and 
any 
future 
Interest 
Period 
be 
determined on the basis of such substitute 
reference rate determined by the Issuer and 
the Issuer shall give notice of such 
substitution to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12 of these Terms and Conditions, to the 
Holders.  
 
(ii) Wird der Referenzsatz nicht durch einen 
offiziell 
bekanntgegebenen 
Ersatz-
Referenzsatz, der die Anforderungen der 
Benchmark-Verordnung erfüllt, ersetzt, kann 
die 
Emittentin 
nach 
ihrem 
Ermessen 
beschließen, 
einen 
geeigneten 
Ersatz-
Referenzsatz zu bestimmen, der nach Ansicht 
der Emittentin nach Konsultation mit einem 
von 
ihr 
bestellten 
unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen dem Referenzsatz in seiner 
Zusammensetzung möglichst nahekommt 
und die Anforderungen der Benchmark-
Verordnung erfüllt; in diesem Fall soll der 
Zinssatz für die betreffende Zinsperiode und 
alle folgenden Zinsperioden auf Basis dieses 
von der Emittentin bestimmten Ersatz-
Referenzsatzes bestimmt werden und die 
Emittentin wird eine solche Ersetzung der 
Emissionsstelle, der Berechnungsstelle und 
gemäß § 12 dieser Emissionsbedingungen 
den Gläubigern mitteilen.  
(iii) A substitute reference rate determined 
in accordance with sub-clause (i) or (ii) of 
this § 3(2)(b) will comply with the 
requirements set out in the Benchmarks 
Regulation if:  
 
(iii) Ein gemäß Unterabsatz (i) oder (ii) 
dieses 
§ 3(2)(b) 
bestimmter 
Ersatz-
Referenzsatz erfüllt die Anforderungen der 
Benchmark-Verordnung, wenn:  
(A) in accordance with Article 29(1) of 
the Benchmarks Regulation, the 
substitute reference rate, (I) will be 
provided by an administrator located 
in the European Union and will be 
included in the register as referred to 
in Article 36 of the Benchmarks 
Regulation or (II) will be provided by 
an administrator located in a third 
country for use in the European 
Union; and 
 
(A) der 
Ersatz-Referenzwert 
gemäß 
Artikel 29 Absatz 1 der Benchmark-
Verordnung, 
(I) von 
einem 
Administrator bereitgestellt wird, der in 
der Europäischen Union angesiedelt ist 
und in das Register nach Artikel 36 der 
Benchmark-Verordnung eingetragen ist 
oder (II) von einem in einem Drittstaat 
angesiedelten Administrator für die 
Verwendung in der Europäischen Union 
bereitgestellt wird; und 
(B) the substitute reference rate as well as 
the administrator will be included in 
the register as referred to in Article 36 
of the Benchmarks Regulation. 
 
(B) der Ersatz-Referenzwert sowie der 
Administrator in das Register nach 
Artikel 36 der Benchmark-Verordnung 
eingetragen sind.

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
[In case the specific fallback provision 
"Reference Rate for the preceding Interest 
Period" shall apply, the following applies:  
 
[Für 
den 
Fall, 
dass 
die 
besondere 
Fallbackregelung 
"Referenzsatz 
der 
vorangegangenen Zinsperiode" anwendbar 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(iv) If it is not possible, in the Issuer's 
opinion, to determine a successor reference 
rate in accordance with sub-clause (i) or (ii) 
of this § 3(2)(b), the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period and any future 
Interest Period shall be determined on the 
basis of the Reference Rate used for 
determining the relevant Rate of Interest for 
the Interest Period immediately preceding 
the relevant Interest Period and the Issuer 
shall give notice thereof to the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent and, in accordance 
with § 12 of these Terms and Conditions, to 
the Holders.] 
 
(iv) Falls es nach Auffassung der Emittentin 
nicht möglich ist, einen Ersatz-Referenzsatz 
gemäß Unterabsatz (i) oder (ii) dieses § 
3(2)(b) zu bestimmen, ist der Zinssatz für die 
maßgebliche Zinsperiode und alle folgenden 
Zinsperioden auf Basis des Referenzsatzes zu 
bestimmen, der für die Bestimmung des 
Zinssatzes 
für 
die 
der 
Zinsperiode 
unmittelbar 
vorangegangene 
Zinsperiode 
verwendet worden war und die Emittentin 
wird 
dies 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle und gemäß § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
den 
Gläubigern 
mitteilen.] 
In case of a substitution in accordance with 
sub-clause (i) or (ii) above, the Issuer will 
specify which screen page or other source 
shall be used for determining the substitute 
reference rate and if, in the opinion of the 
Issuer 
(after 
consultation 
with 
an 
independent financial adviser appointed by 
it), it would be impracticable to determine 
the substitute reference rate on the date 
specified as Interest Determination Date in 
these Terms and Conditions, the Issuer will 
specify a suitable date to replace the Interest 
Determination Date. In addition, the Issuer 
(after consultation with an independent 
financial adviser appointed by it) may 
specify an interest adjustment factor or 
fraction which shall be applied in 
determining the Rate of Interest and 
calculating the Interest Amount and may 
also make any further adjustments to the 
application of the Terms and Conditions 
(including, but not limited to, amendments 
with respects to the Day Count Fraction, 
Business Day Convention, Business Days 
and the method to determine the fallback 
rate to the substitute reference rate), for the 
purpose of achieving a result which is 
consistent with the economic substance of 
the Notes before the Benchmark Event 
occurred. The Issuer shall give notice of the 
above specifications to the Fiscal Agent, the 
Calculation Agent and, in accordance with 
§ 12 of these Terms and Conditions, to the 
Holders. 
 
Im Fall einer Ersetzung gemäß vorstehendem 
Unterabsatz (i) oder (ii), legt die Emittentin 
fest, welche Bildschirmseite oder andere 
Quelle 
zur 
Ermittlung 
des 
Ersatz-
Referenzsatzes verwendet werden soll und, 
falls nach Meinung der Emittentin (nach 
Konsultation mit einem von ihr bestellten 
unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen) 
die 
Bestimmung des Ersatz-Referenzsatzes an 
dem 
in 
diesen 
Emissionsbedingungen 
festgelegten 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
impraktikabel wäre, legt die Emittentin einen 
geeigneten Tag als neuen Zinsfestlegungstag 
fest. Zusätzlich kann die Emittentin (nach 
Konsultation mit einem von ihr bestellten 
unabhängigen 
Sachverständigen) 
einen 
Zinsanpassungsfaktor oder Bruch festlegen, 
der bei der Ermittlung des Zinssatzes und bei 
der Berechnung des Zinsbetrags angewendet 
werden soll, und kann weitere Anpassungen 
der Anwendung der Emissionsbedingungen 
vornehmen 
(einschließlich, 
aber 
nicht 
beschränkt auf Anpassungen in Bezug auf 
den Zinstagequotienten, die Geschäftstag-
Konvention, die Geschäftstage sowie die 
Methode 
der 
Bestimmung 
eines 
Fallbacksatzes zum Ersatz-Referenzsatz) mit 
dem Ziel ein Ergebnis zu erzielen, das mit 
dem 
wirtschaftlichen 
Gehalt 
der 
Schuldverschreibung 
vor 
Eintritt 
des 
Benchmark-Ereignisses vereinbar ist. Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
die 
vorgenannten 
Festlegungen 
der 
Emissionsstelle, 
der 
Berechnungsstelle und gemäß § 12 dieser 
Emissionsbedingungen 
den 
Gläubigern 
mitteilen.

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
Reference 
Rate 
means 
the 
offered 
quotation specified in the Final Terms and, 
following the occurrence of a Benchmark 
Event, the relevant substitute reference rate 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
this 
§ 3(2)(b). 
 
Referenzsatz 
bezeichnet 
den 
in 
den 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
festgelegten 
Angebotssatz bzw., nach Eintritt eines 
Benchmark-Ereignisses, 
den 
jeweiligen 
gemäß diesem § 3(2)(b) bestimmten Ersatz-
Referenzsatz. 
Benchmark Event means:  
 
Benchmark-Ereignis bezeichnet:  
(i) any permanent and final termination of 
the determination, provision or publication 
of the Reference Rate by any administrator 
in circumstances where no successor 
administrator 
exists, 
or 
any 
other 
permanent and final discontinuation of the 
existence of the Reference Rate; or 
 
(i) eine dauerhafte und endgültige Einstellung 
der 
Ermittlung, 
Bereitstellung 
oder 
Veröffentlichung des Referenzsatzes durch 
einen 
Administrator, 
ohne 
dass 
ein 
Nachfolge-Administrator existiert, oder ein 
sonstiger 
dauerhafter 
und 
endgültiger 
Wegfall des Referenzsatzes; oder 
(ii) a material change in the methodology of 
determining or calculating the Reference 
Rate as compared to the methodology used 
at the date of the issuance of the Notes or, 
as applicable, at the date on which the 
relevant substitute reference rate was 
determined in accordance with these Terms 
and Conditions if such change results in the 
Reference Rate, calculated in accordance 
with the new methodology, no longer 
representing, or being apt to represent 
adequately, the Reference Rate (as defined 
above) or in terms of economic substance 
no longer being comparable to the 
Reference 
Rate 
(as 
defined 
above) 
determined or calculated in accordance 
with the methodology used at the date of the 
issuance of the Notes or, as applicable, at 
the date on which the relevant substitute 
reference 
rate 
was 
determined 
in 
accordance 
with 
these 
Terms 
and 
Conditions; or 
 
(ii) eine wesentliche Änderung der Methodik 
zur 
Ermittlung 
oder 
Berechnung 
des 
Referenzsatzes im Vergleich zu derjenigen, 
die 
am 
Tag 
der 
Begebung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder gegebenenfalls 
am Tag der Festlegung des betreffenden 
Ersatz-Referenzsatzes zur Anwendung kam, 
wenn diese dazu führt, dass der gemäß der 
neuen Methodik ermittelte und berechnete 
Referenzsatz nicht mehr den Referenzsatz 
(wie oben definiert) repräsentiert oder zu 
repräsentieren geeignet ist oder dass der 
gemäß der neuen Methodik ermittelte und 
berechnete 
Referenzsatz 
aus 
sonstigen 
Gründen seinem wirtschaftlichen Gehalt 
nach nicht mehr dem Referenzsatz (wie oben 
definiert) vergleichbar ist, der mit der am Tag 
der Begebung der Schuldverschreibungen 
oder gegebenenfalls am Tag der Festlegung 
des betreffenden Ersatz-Referenzsatzes zur 
Anwendung kommenden Methodik ermittelt 
oder berechnet wurde; oder 
(iii) the applicability of any law or any other 
legal provision, or of any administrative or 
judicial order, decree or other binding 
measure, pursuant to which the Reference 
Rate may no longer be used as a reference 
rate to determine the payment obligations 
under the Notes, or pursuant to which any 
such use is subject to not only immaterial 
restrictions or adverse consequences.] 
 
(iii) die Anwendbarkeit eines Gesetzes oder 
einer sonstigen Rechtsvorschrift oder einer 
behördlichen oder gerichtlichen Anordnung, 
Verfügung oder sonstigen verbindlichen 
Maßnahme, die unmittelbar dazu führt, dass 
der Referenzsatz nicht mehr als Referenzwert 
zur 
Bestimmung 
von 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
unter 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen verwendet werden 
darf 
oder 
nach 
der 
eine 
derartige 
Verwendung 
nicht 
nur 
unwesentlichen 
Beschränkungen oder nachteiligen Folgen 
unterliegt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is €STR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung €STR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) 
for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, except as provided below or in 
§ 3(2)(b)-(d) [in case of Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in 
case of the reference rate Compounded 
Daily €STR, the following applies: 
Compounded Daily €STR] [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded €STR Index, 
the following applies: Compounded €STR 
Index] (as defined below) determined on 
the Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below) [in case of a Margin the following 
applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
 
(a) 
Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) 
ist, sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-
(d) [im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes oder 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder 
§ 3(3)] 
nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) festgestellte [falls 
der Referenzsatz Compounded Daily 
€STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily €STR] [falls der 
Referenzssatz Compounded €STR Index 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Compounded 
€STR 
Index] 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) [im Fall einer 
Marge, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
[zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der Marge (wie 
nachstehend 
definiert)], 
wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen durch die Berechnungsstelle 
(wie in § 6(1) definiert) erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from 
each Interest Payment Date to the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the [number] 
T2-Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [number] T2-
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). For that purpose, T2-Business 
Day or TBD means a day (other than a 
Saturday or Sunday) on which the real-time 
gross settlement system operated by the 
Eurosystem or any successor (T2) is open. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] T2-
Geschäftstag vor dem Zinszahlungstag für 
die jeweilige Zinsperiode (oder, falls die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, [Anzahl] T2-Geschäftstage vor 
diesem früheren Tag). Dabei bezeichnet 
T2-Geschäftstag oder TGT einen Tag 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an 
dem das Real-time Gross Settlement 
System des Eurosystems oder dessen 
Nachfolgesystem (T2) betriebsbereit ist. 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Website means the website of the European 
Central Bank or any successor website 
officially designated by the European 
Central 
Bank 
or 
any 
successor 
administrator, as the case may be, on which 
the €STR (as defined below) is published. 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite 
der Europäischen Zentralbank oder eine 
von der Europäischen Zentralbank bzw. 
einem Nachfolge-Administrator offiziell 
benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der 
der €STR (wie nachstehend definiert) 
veröffentlicht wird. 
[In the case of the reference rate 
Compounded Daily €STR, the following is 
applicable: 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily €STR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar:

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
Compounded Daily €STR means in respect 
of any Interest Period the compound rate of 
return on an overnight deposit (with the 
daily Euro Short-Term Rate as reference 
rate for the calculation of interest) and will 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent on 
the relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded Daily €STR bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der 
täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
d0 means the number of T2-Business Days 
in the relevant Determination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
T2-
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode;  
€STR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any T2-Business Day (TBDx) a reference 
rate equal to the daily Euro Short Term 
Rate (€STR) for such TBDx as published 
by the administrator of €STR at or around 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the 
Website 
on 
the 
T2-Business 
Day 
immediately following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen T2-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen 
Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen Euro 
Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Administrator 
des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] 
(Frankfurter Zeit) am T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar nach dem TGTx auf der 
Internetseite veröffentlicht wird;  
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any T2-
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
Determination Period the €STR Reference 
Rate for [in the case of Lag method the 
following applies: the T2-Business Day 
falling "p" T2-Business Days prior to the 
relevant T2-Business Day "i"] [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: that 
T2-Business Day "i"]; 
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden T2-
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
den 
€STR 
Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: an dem T2-
Geschäftstag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor 
dem jeweiligen T2-Geschäftstag "i" liegt,] 
[im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: am T2-Geschäftstag "i"]; 
Determination Period means [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: 
Observation Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: Interest 
Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall 
der 
Shift 
Methode 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] [im 
Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant T2-
Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first T2-Business Day in 
the relevant Determination Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "do", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
T2-
Geschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni for any T2-Business Day "i" means the 
number of calendar days from and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following T2-Business Day; and 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p means [number of T2-Business Days]33.] 
 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
T2-
Geschäftstage]34.] 
[In the case of Shift method the following 
applies: Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the period 
from and including the date falling "p" T2-
Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" T2-Business 
Day prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
T2-Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable).] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor einem 
solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded €STR Index, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
€STR Index ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded €STR Index means in 
respect of any Interest Period the 
compound rate of return on an overnight 
deposit (with the daily Euro Short-Term 
Rate as reference rate for the calculation of 
interest) and will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded €STR Index bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Tagesgeldanlage (mit der 
täglichen Euro Short-Term Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑  
 
( €𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
€𝑆𝑇𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, €STR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, €STR IndexEnd; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von €STR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis 
€STR IndexEnde (ausschließlich); 
€STR 
IndexEnd 
means 
the 
€STR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] T2-Business Days 35 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period (or if 
the Notes are redeemed early, the date 
falling [five] [●] T2-Business Day36 prior 
 
€STR IndexEnde bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschäftstage 37  vor dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
relevante 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im Falle einer 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der 
 
33  Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
34  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2-Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.  
35  Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
36  Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
37  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
to the date fixed for redemption) (the Index 
Determination DateEnd); 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschaftstage 38  vor dem 
festgelegten Rückzahlungstag liegt) (der 
Index-FeststellungstagEnde); 
€STR 
IndexStart 
means 
the 
€STR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] T2-Business Days 39 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (an Index Determination 
DateStart and, together with the Index 
Determination DateEnd, each an Index 
Determination Date); und 
 
€STR IndexStart bezeichnet den €STR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] T2-Geschaftstage 40  vor dem 
ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode liegt 
(der 
Index-FeststellungstagStart, 
und 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Index-
FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-
Feststellungstag); und 
€STR Compounded Index Value means in 
respect of an Index Determination Date the 
value published as €STR Compounded 
Index Value by the administrator of the 
€STR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at 
[9:15 a.m.][●] (Frankfurt time) on such 
Index Determination Date. 
 
€STR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag 
den Wert, der als €STR Compounded 
Indexwert vom Administrator des €STR 
Referenzsatzes (wie nachstehend definiert) 
oder 
von 
einem 
anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver jeweils um [9:15 
Uhr][●] (Frankfurter Zeit) an einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the €STR Compounded Index Value is 
not available or has not otherwise been 
published or displayed by the administrator 
of the €STR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded €STR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
einen Index-Feststellungstag feststellt, dass 
der €STR Compounded Indexwert nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere Art und 
Weise vom Administrator des €STR 
Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
veröffentlicht 
oder anzeigt wird, wird der Compounded 
€STR Index für eine solche Zinsperiode 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + €𝑆𝑇𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑇𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of T2-Business Days 
in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
d0 
bezeichnet 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
T2-
Geschäftstage 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
€STRi-pTBD means in respect of any T2-
Business Day "i" falling in the relevant 
 
€STRi-pTGT bezeichnet für jeden T2-
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
im 
jeweiligen 
 
38  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Rückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
39  Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
40  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
Observation Period, the €STR Reference 
Rate for that T2-Business Day "i"; 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
€STR 
Referenzsatz am T2-Geschäftstag "i"; 
€STR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any T2-Business Day (TBDx) a reference 
rate equal to the daily Euro Short Term 
Rate (€STR) for such TBDx as published 
by the administrator of €STR at or around 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] (Frankfurt time) on the 
Website 
on 
the 
T2-Business 
Day 
immediately following such TBDx; 
 
€STR Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen T2-Geschäftstag (TGTx) einen 
Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen Euro 
Short Term Rate (€STR) Satzes für den 
betreffenden TGTx, der vom Administrator 
des €STR um ca. [9.00 Uhr] [●] 
(Frankfurter Zeit) am T2-Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar nach dem TGTx auf der 
Internetseite veröffentlicht wird; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant T2-
Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first T2-Business Day in 
the relevant Observation Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen T2-Geschäftstag vom, 
und 
einschließlich 
des, 
ersten 
T2-
Geschäftstages 
des 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni for any T2-Business Day "i" means the 
number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following T2-Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem T2-Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet 
die Anzahl der Kalendertage von dem Tag 
"i" (einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden 
T2-Geschäftstag (ausschließlich); und 
p means [number of T2-Business Days]41. 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl T2-Geschäftstage]42. 
Observation Period means in respect of 
any Interest Period the period from and 
including the date falling "p" T2-Business 
Days prior to the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" T2-Business 
Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for 
such Interest Period (or the date falling "p" 
T2-Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable).] 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
T2-Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" T2-
Geschäftstage vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
einer solchen Zinsperiode liegt (oder den 
Tag, der "p" T2-Geschäftstage vor einem 
solchen 
früheren 
Tag 
liegt 
(falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
(b) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a T2-Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and 
unless both an €STR Index Cessation 
Event and an €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the €STR 
Reference Rate for such T2-Business Day 
shall be equal to the €STR in respect of the 
last T2-Business Day for which such rate 
was published on the Website. 
 
(b) Wird der €STR Referenzsatz an einem T2-
Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in 
Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung 
gestellt, so ist der €STR-Referenzzinssatz 
für diesen T2-Geschäftstag gleich dem 
€STR für den letzten T2-Geschäftstag, für 
den dieser Zinssatz auf der Internetseite 
veröffentlicht wurde, sofern nicht sowohl 
ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als 
auch ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind. 
(c) If the €STR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a T2-Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and 
both an €STR Index Cessation Event and 
an €STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
 
(c) Wird der €STR-Referenzsatz an einem T2-
Geschäftstag nicht wie vorstehend in 
Buchstabe (a) beschrieben zur Verfügung 
gestellt und sind sowohl ein €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein €STR-
 
41  Shall not be less than five T2-Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
42  Darf nicht weniger als fünf T2 Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
have occurred, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the rate 
(including any interest rate spreads or 
interest rate adjustments) recommended as 
a substitute for the €STR by the European 
Central Bank or by a committee officially 
established or convened by the European 
Central 
Bank 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
recommending a substitute for the €STR 
(as such substitute for the €STR may be 
determined by the European Central Bank 
or any other administrator appointed 
therefor). 
Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so 
wird der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf 
den Zinssatz (einschließlich etwaiger 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen) 
bestimmt, der von der Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder von einem Ausschuss, 
der von der Europäischen Zentralbank zum 
Zwecke der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für 
den 
€STR 
offiziell 
eingesetzt 
oder 
einberufen wurde, als Ersatz für den €STR 
empfohlen wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für 
den 
€STR 
von 
der 
Europäischen 
Zentralbank oder einem anderen damit 
beauftragten 
Administrator 
bestimmt 
werden kann). 
(d)  In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
(d)  Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß 
den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, 
soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstages 
sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
(e)  For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through 
(d) above, the following definitions apply: 
 
(e)  Für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (d) gelten die folgenden 
Definitionen: 
€STR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the European 
Central 
Bank 
(or 
any 
successor 
administrator of €STR) announcing that it 
has ceased or will cease to provide €STR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the 
publication, 
there 
is 
no 
successor 
administrator that will provide €STR; or 
 
(i) 
eine 
öffentliche 
Erklärung 
der 
Europäischen Zentralbank (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des €STR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den €STR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt; 
oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the European 
Central 
Bank 
(or 
any 
successor 
administrator of €STR) has ceased or will 
cease to provide €STR permanently or 
indefinitely, provided that, at that time, 
there is no successor administrator that will 
continue to provide €STR. 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Europäische 
Zentralbank 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den 
€STR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen €STR zur Verfügung stellt. 
€STR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a €STR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
European Central Bank (or any successor 
administrator of €STR) ceases to publish 
€STR, or the date of which €STR may no 
longer be used.] 
 
€STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein €STR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Europäische Zentralbank (oder ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des €STR) den 
€STR nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder 
bestimmt.] 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is SOFR, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung SOFR ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) 
for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, except as provided below or in 
§ 3(2)(b)-(f) [in case of Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in 
case of the reference rate Compounded 
Daily SOFR, the following applies: 
Compounded Daily SOFR] [in case of the 
reference rate Compounded SOFR Index, 
the following applies: Compounded SOFR 
Index] (as defined below) determined on 
the Interest Determination Date (as defined 
below) [in case of a Margin the following 
applies: [plus] [minus] the Margin (as 
defined below)], all as determined by the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(f) [im 
Fall 
eines 
Mindestzinssatzes 
oder 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder 
§ 3(3)] 
nichts 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) festgestellte [falls 
der Referenzsatz Compounded Daily 
SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily SOFR] [falls der 
Referenzssatz Compounded SOFR Index 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Compounded 
SOFR Index] (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall einer Marge, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6(1) definiert) 
erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from 
each Interest Payment Date to the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the [number] 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
prior to the Interest Payment Date for the 
relevant Interest Period (or the date falling 
[number] U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to such earlier date, if 
any, on which the Notes become due and 
payable). 
For 
that 
purpose, 
U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day or 
USBD means any day, except for a 
Saturday, Sunday or a day on which the 
Securities Industry and Financial Markets 
Association recommends that the fixed 
 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf eine Zinsperiode den [Anzahl] US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(oder, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, 
[Anzahl] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage vor diesem früheren Tag). 
Dabei 
bezeichnet 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag oder USGT jeden Tag, 
ausgenommen Samstag, Sonntag oder 
einen Tag, für den die Securities Industry 
and Financial Markets Association die 
ganztägliche Schließung der Abteilungen 
für festverzinsliche Wertpapiere ihrer

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
income departments of its members be 
closed for the entire day for purposes of 
trading in U.S. government securities. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
Mitglieder im Hinblick auf den Handel mit 
US-Staatspapieren empfiehlt, bezeichnet. 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Website means the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor website officially designated by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor administrator, as the case 
may be, on which the SOFR (as defined 
below) is published. 
 
Internetseite bezeichnet die Internetseite 
der Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
oder eine von der Federal Reserve Bank of 
New 
York 
bzw. 
einem 
Nachfolge-
Administrator 
offiziell 
benannten 
Nachfolge-Internetseite auf der der SOFR 
(wie nachstehend definiert) veröffentlicht 
wird. 
[In the case of the reference rate 
Compounded Daily SOFR, the following 
is applicable: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily SOFR ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily SOFR means in 
respect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily US Dollar 
Overnight Financing Rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded Daily SOFR bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der US-
Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode;  
d0 means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Determination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode; 
Determination Period means [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: 
Observation Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: Interest 
Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall 
der 
Shift 
Methode 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] [im 
Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day 
Business Day in chronological order from, 
and including, the first U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day in the relevant 
Determination Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, 
ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
wiedergeben;

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
 
ni 
an 
jedem 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i" bezeichnet die Anzahl der 
Kalendertage 
von 
dem 
Tag 
"i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]43; and 
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage]44; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Determination Period 
the SOFR Reference Rate for [in the case 
of Lag method the following applies: the 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
falling "p" U.S. Government Securities 
Business Days prior to the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"] 
[in the case of Shift method the following 
applies: that U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i"]; 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i" in der 
jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode den SOFR 
Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag Methode ist 
Folgendes anwendbar: an dem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag, der "p" US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
jeweiligen US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag 
"i" liegt] [im Fall der Shift Methode ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
am 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag "i"]; 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (USBDx) a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) for such USBDx as published by 
the administrator, Federal Reserve Bank of 
New York, of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] [●] 
(New York City time) on the Website on 
the U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day immediately following such USBDx; 
and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), 
einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite bis [15:00 Uhr] 
[●] (New York Zeit) an dem US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
USGTx 
folgt, 
veröffentlicht wird und 
[In the case of Shift method the following 
applies: Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the period 
from and including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day prior 
to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Day prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).]] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher 
"p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
einer 
solchen 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).]] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded SOFR Index, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
SOFR Index, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
 
43  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
44  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
Compounded SOFR Index means in 
respect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest 
investment (with the daily US Dollar 
overnight Financing Rate as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded SOFR Index bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz einer Anlage (mit der täglichen 
US-Dollar Overnight Financing Rate als 
Referenzsatz für die Zinsberechnung) und 
wird von der Berechnungsstelle am 
jeweiligen Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der 
folgenden 
Formel 
berechnet, 
falls 
erforderlich auf- oder abgerundet auf die 
fünfte Dezimalstelle, wobei 0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 360
𝑑  
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, SOFR IndexStart to, but 
excluding, SOFR IndexEnd; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von SOFR IndexStart (einschließlich) bis 
SOFR IndexEnde (ausschließlich); 
SOFR 
IndexEnd 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 45 preceding the 
Interest Payment Date relating to the 
relevant Interest Period (or if the Notes are 
redeemed early, the date falling [five] 
[●]U.S. Government Securities Business46 
prior to the date fixed for redemption) (the 
Index Determination DateEnd); 
 
SOFR IndexEnde bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 47 vor dem Zinszahlungstag 
für die relevante Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im 
Falle einer vorzeitigen Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage
48  vor dem festgelegten 
Rückzahlungstag 
liegt) 
(der 
Index-
FeststellungstagEnde); 
SOFR 
IndexStart 
means 
the 
SOFR 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●]U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days 49 preceding the 
first day of the relevant Interest Period (an 
Index 
Determination 
DateStart 
and, 
together with the Index Determination 
DateEnd, each an Index Determination 
Date); and 
 
SOFR IndexStart bezeichnet den SOFR 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] 
[●] 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 50  vor dem ersten Tag der 
relevanten Zinsperiode liegt (der Index-
FeststellungstagStart, und zusammen mit 
dem Index-FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein 
Index-Feststellungstag); und 
SOFR Compounded Index Value means 
in respect of an Index Determination Date 
the value published as SOFR Compounded 
Index Value by the administrator of the 
SOFR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor from time to time at 
 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert bezeichnet 
in Bezug auf einen Index-Feststellungstag 
den Wert, der als SOFR Compounded 
Indexwert vom Administrator des SOFR 
Referenzsatzes oder von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
jeweils 
um 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] (New Yorker Zeit) an 
 
45  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
46  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
47  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt. 
48  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt. 
49  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
50  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] (New York City time) on 
such Index Determination Date. 
einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SOFR Compounded Index Value is 
not available or has not otherwise been 
published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SOFR Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded SOFR Index for such Interest 
Period will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent 
on 
the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
einen Index-Feststellungstag feststellt, dass 
der SOFR Compounded Indexwert nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere Art und 
Weise vom Administrator des SOFR 
Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
veröffentlicht 
oder anzeigt wird, wird der Compounded 
SOFR Index für eine solche Zinsperiode 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝐹𝑅𝑖−𝑝𝑈𝑆𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
360
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥360
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days in the relevant 
Observation Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage im jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day in 
chronological order from, and including, 
the first U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag vom, und einschließlich des, 
ersten US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstages 
des 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraums 
wiedergeben; 
ni for any U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day "i" means the number of 
calendar days from and including such day 
"i" up to but excluding the following U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day; 
 
ni bezeichnet an jedem US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
die 
Anzahl 
der 
Kalendertage 
von 
dem 
Tag 
"i" 
(einschließlich) bis zu dem folgenden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich);  
p means [number of U.S. Government 
Securities Business Days]51;  
 
p bezeichnet [Anzahl US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag]52; und 
SOFRi-pUSBD means in respect of any U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i" 
falling in the relevant Observation Period 
the SOFR Reference Rate for that U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day "i"; 
 
SOFRi-pUSGT bezeichnet für jeden US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
SOFR Referenzsatz am US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag "i"; 
 
51  Shall not be less than five U.S. Government Securities Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
52  Darf nicht weniger als fünf US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum 
zugestimmt.

--- Page 126 ---
126 
 
SOFR Reference Rate means in respect of 
any U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day (USBDx) a reference rate equal to the 
daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) for such USBDx as published by 
the administrator of SOFR until [3:00 p.m.] 
[●] (New York City time) on the Website 
on 
the 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities 
Business Day immediately following such 
USBDx; and 
 
SOFR Referenzsatz bezeichnet für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag (USGTx), 
einen Referenzsatz, der dem täglichen Satz 
der Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
(SOFR) Satzes für den USGTx entspricht, 
wie er auf der Internetseite jeweils bis 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] (New York Zeit) an dem 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, 
der 
unmittelbar 
auf 
den 
USGTx 
folgt, 
veröffentlicht wird; und 
Observation Period means in respect of 
any Interest Period the period from and 
including the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to the first day of the relevant Interest 
Period and ending on, but excluding, the 
date 
falling 
"p" 
U.S. 
Government 
Securities Business Days prior to the 
Interest Payment Date for such Interest 
Period (or the date falling "p" U.S. 
Government Securities Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor dem 
ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, 
bis zu dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher 
"p" US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstage vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
einer 
solchen 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
einem solchen früheren Tag liegt (falls 
vorhanden), 
an 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
(b) If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as described in subparagraph 
(a) above and unless both a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event and a SOFR Index 
Cessation Effective Date have occurred, 
the SOFR Reference Rate for such U.S. 
Government Securities Business Day shall 
be equal to the SOFR in respect of the last 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
for which such rate was published on the 
Website. 
 
(b) Wird der SOFR Referenzsatz an einem US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt, so ist der SOFR-
Referenzzinssatz 
für 
diesen 
US-
Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag gleich dem 
SOFR für den letzten US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag, für den dieser Zinssatz auf 
der Internetseite veröffentlicht wurde, 
sofern nicht sowohl ein SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SOFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten 
sind. 
(c) 
If the SOFR Reference Rate is not made 
available on a U.S. Government Securities 
Business Day as described in subparagraph 
(a) above and both a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and a SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date have occurred, the Rate of 
Interest shall be determined by reference to 
the rate (including any interest rate spreads 
or interest rate adjustments) recommended 
as a substitute for the SOFR by the Federal 
Reserve Board and/or the Federal Reserve 
Bank of New York or by a committee 
officially established or convened by the 
Federal Reserve Board and/or the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York for the purpose 
of recommending a substitute for the SOFR 
(as such substitute for the SOFR may be 
determined by the Federal Reserve Bank of 
 
(c) Wird der SOFR-Referenzsatz an einem 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag nicht wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt und sind sowohl ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis als auch 
ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten, so wird der Zinssatz durch 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
den 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich etwaiger Zinsspannen oder 
Zinsanpassungen) bestimmt, der vom 
Federal Reserve Board und/oder von der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
von einem Ausschuss, der vom Federal 
Reserve Board und/oder von der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York zum Zwecke 
der Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den 
SOFR offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen 
wurde, als Ersatz für den SOFR empfohlen 
wurde (wobei dieser Ersatz für den SOFR

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
New York or any other administrator 
appointed therefor). 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York 
oder 
einem 
anderen 
damit 
beauftragten 
Administrator 
bestimmt 
werden kann). 
(d) If no such rate has been recommended as 
described in paragraph (c) above within 
one U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Event, 
then the Rate of Interest will be determined 
by applying the above provisions mutatis 
mutandis as if for each U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day occurring on or 
after the SOFR Index Cessation Effective 
Date: 
 
(d) Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
vorstehendem Buchstaben (c) beschrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde, 
wird der Zinssatz analog den vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
bestimmt, 
mit 
der 
Maßgabe, dass für jeden US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag an oder nach dem SOFR-
Index- Einstellungsstichtag: 
(i) references to "SOFR" were references to 
the daily Overnight Bank Funding Rate 
(OBFR) as provided by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York, as the 
administrator of such rate (or any successor 
administrator of such rate), on its website 
until 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on 
each day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) 
on which commercial banks are open for 
general business (including dealings in 
foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in New York City (New York 
City Business Day) in respect of the New 
York City Business Day immediately 
preceding such day (OBFR Reference 
Rate); 
 
(i) Bezugnahmen auf den "SOFR" als 
Bezugnahmen auf die tägliche Overnight 
Bank Funding Rate (der OBFR) gelten, die 
von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York als Administrator dieses Zinssatzes 
(oder von einem Nachfolgeadministrator 
dieses Zinssatzes) auf seiner Internetseite 
jeweils bis 17:00 Uhr Ortszeit in New York 
City an jedem Tag (außer einem Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
die 
Geschäftsbanken in New York City für den 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftsverkehr 
(einschließlich für den Handel mit Devisen 
und Einlagen in Fremdwährung) geöffnet 
sind (New Yorker Geschäftstag), in Bezug 
auf 
den 
diesem 
Tag 
unmittelbar 
vorangehenden New Yorker Geschäftstag 
zur Verfügung gestellt wird (OBFR-
Referenzzinssatz); 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" were references 
to "New York City Business Day"; 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
einen 
"US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten; 
(iii) references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Event" were references to "OBFR Index 
Cessation Event"; and 
 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf ein "SOFR-Index- 
Einstellungsereignis" als Bezugnahmen 
auf 
ein 
"OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignis" gelten; und 
(iv) references to "SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date" were references to "OBFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date". 
 
(iv) Bezugnahmen auf einen "SOFR-
Index- 
Einstellungsstichtag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "OBFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag" gelten. 
(v) references to the "Website" were 
references to the website of the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York or any 
successor website officially designated by 
the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or 
any successor administrator, as the case 
may be, on which the OBFR is published 
 
(v) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" 
als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite der 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York oder 
eine von der Federal Reserve Bank of New 
York bzw. einem Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite 
auf der der OBFR veröffentlicht wird, 
gelten.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
(e) If no such rate has been recommended as 
described in paragraph (c) above within 
one U.S. Government Securities Business 
Day of the SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and an OBFR Index Cessation Event has 
occurred, then the Rate of Interest will be 
determined 
by 
applying 
the 
above 
provisions mutatis mutandis as if, for each 
U.S. Government Securities Business Day 
occurring on or after the later of the SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date and the 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date: 
 
(e)   Falls ein solcher Zinssatz nicht wie in 
obigem 
Buchstaben 
(c) 
beschrieben 
innerhalb 
eines 
US-Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstages nach dem SOFR- Index-
Einstellungsereignis empfohlen wurde und 
ein 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
eingetreten ist, wird der Zinssatz analog 
den 
vorstehenden 
Bestimmungen 
bestimmt, mit der Maßgabe, dass für jeden 
US-Staatsanleihen Geschäftstag an oder 
nach 
dem 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag oder dem OBFR-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag (je nachdem, 
welches der spätere Termin ist): 
(i) references to the "SOFR Reference 
Rate" were references to the short-term 
interest rate target set by the Federal Open 
Market Committee and published on the 
website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or any successor 
website of the Board of Governors of the 
Federal Reserve System or, if the Federal 
Open Market Committee does not target a 
single rate, the mid-point of the short-term 
interest rate target range set by the Federal 
Open Market Committee and published on 
the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
(calculated as the arithmetic average of the 
upper bound of the target range and the 
lower bound of the target range, rounded, if 
necessary, to the nearest second decimal 
place, 0.005 being rounded upwards); 
 
(i) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
den 
"SOFR-
Referenzsatz" als Bezugnahmen auf das 
durch das Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzte und auf der Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve 
System 
veröffentlichte 
kurzfristige 
Zinssatzziel 
(short-term 
interest rate target) oder, falls das Federal 
Open Market Committee nicht einen 
einzelnen Zinssatz als Ziel setzt, das Mittel 
der vom Federal Open Market Committee 
festgesetzten und auf der Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder einer Nachfolge-Internetseite 
des Board of Governors of the Federal 
Reserve 
System 
veröffentlichten 
Bandbreite des kurzfristigen Zinssatzziels 
(berechnet 
als 
arithmetisches 
Mittel 
zwischen der oberen Grenze der Ziel-
Bandbreite und der unteren Grenze der 
Ziel-Bandbreite, 
welches, 
falls 
erforderlich, auf die zweite Dezimalstelle 
mit der Maßgabe gerundet wird, dass 0,005 
aufgerundet wird) gelten; und 
(ii) references to "U.S. Government 
Securities Business Day" were references 
to the website of the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System. 
 
(ii) 
Bezugnahmen 
auf 
einen 
"US-
Staatsanleihen 
Geschäftstag" 
als 
Bezugnahmen auf einen "New Yorker 
Geschäftstag" gelten. 
(iii) references to the "Website" were 
references to the website of the Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
or 
any 
successor 
website 
officially 
designated by the Board of Governors of 
the Federal Reserve System or any 
successor administrator, as the case may 
be, on which the short-term interest rate 
target is published. 
 
(iii) Bezugnahmen auf die "Internetseite" 
als Bezugnahmen auf die Internetseite des 
Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
System oder eine von dem Board of 
Governors of the Federal Reserve System 
bzw. 
einem 
Nachfolge-Administrator 
offiziell benannten Nachfolge-Internetseite 
auf der das kurzfristige Zinssatzziel 
veröffentlicht wird, gelten.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
(f)  In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
(f)  Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht gemäß 
den vorstehenden Bestimmungen von der 
Berechnungsstelle bestimmt werden kann, 
soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige des letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstages 
sein oder, (ii) wenn es keinen solchen 
vorangegangenen Zinsfestlegungstag gibt, 
der Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden.  
(g)  For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through 
(f) above, the following definitions shall 
apply: 
 
(g)  Für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (f) gelten die folgenden 
Definitionen: 
SOFR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
SOFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to 
provide 
SOFR 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue 
to provide SOFR; or 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des SOFR), in der 
sie ankündigt, dass sie den SOFR dauerhaft 
oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr 
bestimmt 
oder 
bestimmen 
wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of SOFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide SOFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide 
SOFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des SOFR) den 
SOFR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SOFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator 
or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of SOFR that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung einer US- 
Regulierungsbehörde oder einer anderen 
öffentlichen Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
SOFR 
verbietet und die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a SOFR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of SOFR), ceases 
 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein SOFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
to publish SOFR, or the date as of which 
SOFR may no longer be used. 
SOFR) 
den 
SOFR 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der SOFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf. 
OBFR Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
OBFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor 
administrator 
of 
OBFR) 
announcing that it has ceased or will cease 
to 
provide 
OBFR 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, provided that, at the time of 
the statement or the publication, there is no 
successor administrator that will continue 
to provide OBFR; or 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (oder eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des OBFR), in 
der sie ankündigt, dass sie den OBFR 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of OBFR) has 
ceased or will cease to provide OBFR 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at that time, there is no successor 
administrator that will continue to provide 
OBFR; or 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Federal Reserve 
Bank 
of 
New 
York 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des OBFR) den 
OBFR dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit 
nicht mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zu dieser Zeit kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen OBFR zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(iii) a public statement by a U.S. regulator 
or other U.S. official sector entity 
prohibiting the use of OBFR that applies to, 
but need not be limited to, all swap 
transactions, including existing swap 
transactions. 
 
(iii) eine öffentliche Erklärung durch eine 
US- Regulierungsbehörde oder eine andere 
öffentliche Stelle der Vereinigten Staaten, 
welche 
die 
Anwendung 
des 
OBFR 
verbietet und die zumindest auf sämtliche 
Swapgeschäfte (einschließlich bestehender 
Swapgeschäfte) Anwendung findet. 
OBFR Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a OBFR Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any 
successor administrator of OBFR), ceases 
to publish OBFR, or the date as of which 
OBFR may no longer be used. 
 
OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein OBFR-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die Federal Reserve Bank of New York 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des 
OBFR) 
den 
OBFR 
nicht 
mehr 
veröffentlicht, oder den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
der OBFR nicht mehr verwendet werden 
darf. 
[In case the offered quotation for deposits in 
the Specified Currency is SONIA, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Angebotssatz für Einlagen in der 
Festgelegten Währung SONIA ist, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(a) The rate of interest (the Rate of Interest) 
for each Interest Period (as defined below) 
will, except as provided below or in 
§ 3(2)(b)-(d) [in case of Minimum Rate of 
Interest or Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: or § 3(3)], be the [in 
 
(a) Der Zinssatz (der Zinssatz) für jede 
Zinsperiode (wie nachstehend definiert) ist, 
sofern nachstehend oder in § 3(2)(b)-(d) 
[im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes oder 
Höchstzinssatzes 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
oder 
§ 3(3)] 
nichts

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
case of the reference rate Compounded 
Daily SONIA, the following applies: 
Compounded Daily SONIA] [in case of 
the reference rate Compounded SONIA 
Index, 
the 
following 
applies: 
Compounded SONIA Index] (as defined 
below) 
determined 
on 
the 
Interest 
Determination Date (as defined below) [in 
case of a Margin the following applies: 
[plus] [minus] the Margin (as defined 
below)], 
all 
as 
determined 
by 
the 
Calculation Agent (as defined in § 6(1)). 
Abweichendes bestimmt wird, der an dem 
betreffenden 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
(wie 
nachstehend definiert) festgestellte [falls 
der Referenzssatz Compounded Daily 
SONIA ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
Compounded Daily SONIA] [falls der 
Referenzssatz Compounded SONIA Index 
ist, ist folgendes anwendbar: Compounded 
SONIA Index] (wie nachstehend definiert) 
[im Fall einer Marge, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: [zuzüglich] [abzüglich] der 
Marge (wie nachstehend definiert)], wobei 
alle 
Festlegungen 
durch 
die 
Berechnungsstelle (wie in § 6(1)definiert) 
erfolgen. 
Interest Period means each period from 
(and 
including) 
the 
Interest 
Commencement Date to (but excluding) 
the first Interest Payment Date and from 
each Interest Payment Date to the 
following Interest Payment Date. 
 
Interest Determination Date means in 
respect of any Interest Period the [number] 
London Business Day prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for the relevant Interest 
Period (or the date falling [number] 
London Business Days prior to such earlier 
date, if any, on which the Notes become 
due and payable). For that purpose, 
London Business Day or LBD means a day 
(other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which 
commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign 
exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London. 
[In case of a Margin, the following 
applies: Margin means [insert relevant 
Margin]% per annum.] 
 
Screen page means [screen page] and each 
successor page. 
 
Zinsperiode 
bezeichnet 
jeweils 
den 
Zeitraum 
vom 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
(einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
ersten 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich) bzw. von 
jedem Zinszahlungstag (einschließlich) bis 
zum 
jeweils 
darauffolgenden 
Zinszahlungstag (ausschließlich). 
Zinsfestlegungstag bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf 
eine 
Zinsperiode 
den 
[Anzahl] 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag 
für 
die 
jeweilige 
Zinsperiode 
(oder, 
falls 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits früher fällig 
werden, [Anzahl] Londoner Geschäftstage 
vor 
diesem 
früheren 
Tag). 
Dabei 
bezeichnet Londoner Geschäftstag oder 
LGT bezeichnet einen Tag (außer einem 
Samstag 
oder 
Sonntag), 
an 
dem 
Geschäftsbanken in London für Geschäfte 
(einschließlich 
Devisen- 
und 
Sortengeschäfte) geöffnet sind. 
[Im Fall einer Marge ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Die 
Marge 
beträgt 
[entsprechende Marge einfügen] % per 
annum.] 
Bildschirmseite 
bezeichnet 
[Bildschirmseite] und jede Nachfolgeseite. 
[In the case of the reference rate 
Compounded Daily SONIA, the following 
is applicable: 
 
 
[Falls der Referenzssatz Compounded 
Daily 
SONIA 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar:  
Compounded Daily SONIA means in 
respect of any Interest Period rate of return 
of a daily compound interest investment 
(with the daily Sterling Overnight Index 
Average 
as 
reference 
rate 
for 
the 
calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant Interest Determination Date, 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
 
Compounded Daily SONIA bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz 
einer 
Anlage 
(mit 
dem 
täglichen 
Sterling 
Overnight 
Index 
Average 
als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
Zinsberechnung) 
und 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der folgenden

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Determination Period; 
 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
in der jeweiligen Feststellungsperiode; 
d0 means the number of London Business 
Days in the relevant Determination Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode; 
Determination Period means [in the case 
of Shift method the following applies: 
Observation Period] [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: Interest 
Period]; 
 
Feststellungsperiode bezeichnet [im Fall 
der 
Shift 
Methode 
ist 
Folgendes 
anwendbar: Beobachtungszeitraum] [im 
Fall der Lag Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: Zinsperiode]; 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London 
Business Day in the relevant Determination 
Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "do", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen Londoner Geschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
Londoner Geschäftstages der jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode wiedergeben; 
ni for any London Business Day "i" means 
the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Business Day; 
 
ni an jedem Londoner Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem folgenden Londoner Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich); 
p means [number of London Business 
Days]53;  
 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage]54; 
SONIA Reference Rate means in respect 
of any London Business Day (LBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such 
LBDx 
as 
provided 
by 
the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the 
Screen Page (or, if the Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such 
LBDx; and 
 
SONIA Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen Londoner Geschäftstag (LBDx) 
einen Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen 
Sterling 
Overnight 
Index 
Average 
(SONIA) Satzes für den betreffenden 
LBDx, der vom Administrator des SONIA 
gegenüber den zur Verbreitung der Daten 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
angegeben 
und 
anschließend am Londoner Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach 
LBDx 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wird (oder, 
wenn die Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar 
ist, von den betreffenden autorisierten 
Stellen auf andere Weise veröffentlicht 
wird); und 
SONIAi-pLBD means in respect of any 
London Business Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Determination Period the SONIA 
 
SONIAi-pLGT 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
"i" 
in 
der 
jeweiligen 
Feststellungsperiode 
den 
 
53  Shall not be less than five London Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
54  Darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
Reference Rate for [in the case of Lag 
method the following applies: the London 
Business Day falling "p" London Business 
Days prior to the relevant London Business 
Day "i"] [in the case of Shift method the 
following applies: that London Business 
Day "i"]. 
SONIA Referenzsatz [im Fall der Lag 
Methode ist Folgendes anwendbar: an 
dem Londoner Geschäftstag, der "p" 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
jeweiligen Londoner Geschäftstag "i" liegt] 
[im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: am Londoner Geschäftstag 
"i"].] 
[In the case of Shift method the following 
applies: Observation Period means in 
respect of any Interest Period the period 
from and including the date falling "p" 
London Business Days prior to the first day 
of the relevant Interest Period and ending 
on, but excluding, the date falling "p" 
London Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
 
[Im Fall der Shift Methode ist Folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode 
den 
Zeitraum 
von 
dem 
Tag 
(einschließlich), welcher "p" Londoner 
Geschäftstage vor dem ersten Tag der 
jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu dem 
Tag 
(ausschließlich), 
welcher 
"p" 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode 
liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" Londoner 
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
[In the case of the Reference Rate 
Compounded SONIA Index, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls der Referenzsatz Compounded 
SONIA 
Index 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Compounded SONIA Index means in 
respect of any Interest Period the rate of 
return of a daily compound interest 
investment 
(with 
the 
daily 
Sterling 
Overnight Index Average as reference rate 
for the calculation of interest) and will be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent on the 
relevant 
Interest 
Determination 
Date 
pursuant to the following formula, rounded 
if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 
0.000005 being rounded upwards: 
 
Compounded SONIA Index bezeichnet in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den nach der 
Zinseszinsformel 
zu 
berechnenden 
Renditesatz 
einer 
Anlage 
(mit 
dem 
täglichen 
Sterling 
Overnight 
Index 
Average 
als 
Referenzsatz 
für 
die 
Zinsberechnung) 
und 
wird 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
jeweiligen 
Zinsfestlegungstag gemäß der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴  𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 365
𝑑 
 
( 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴 𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝐸𝑛𝑑
𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴  𝐼𝑛𝑑𝑒𝑥𝑆𝑡𝑎𝑟𝑡
−1) 𝑥 365
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days from, 
and including, SONIA IndexStart to, but 
excluding, SONIA IndexEnd; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet:  
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von SONIA IndexStart (einschließlich) bis 
SONIA IndexEnde (ausschließlich); 
SONIA IndexEnd means the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] London Business Days55 
preceding the Interest Payment Date 
relating to the relevant Interest Period (or if 
 
SONIA IndexEnde bezeichnet den SONIA 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] Londoner Geschäftstage 57  vor 
dem Zinszahlungstag für die relevante 
Zinsperiode liegt (oder, im Falle einer 
 
55  Shall not be less than five London Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
57  Darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 134 ---
134 
 
the Notes are redeemed early, the date 
falling [five] [●] London Business Days56 
prior to the date fixed for redemption) (the 
Index Determination DateEnd); 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, den Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] Londoner Geschäftstage 58  vor 
dem festgelegten Rückzahlungstag liegt) 
(der Index-FeststellungstagEnde); 
SONIA IndexStart means the SONIA 
Compounded Index Value on the day 
which is [five] [●] London Business Days59 
preceding the first day of the relevant 
Interest Period (an Index Determination 
DateStart and, together with the Index 
Determination DateEnd, each an Index 
Determination Date); und 
 
SONIA IndexStart bezeichnet den SONIA 
Compounded Indexwert an dem Tag, der 
[fünf] [●] Londoner Geschäftstage 60  vor 
dem ersten Tag der relevanten Zinsperiode 
liegt (der Index-FeststellungstagStart, und 
zusammen 
mit 
dem 
Index-
FeststellungstagEnde, jeweils ein Index-
Feststellungstag); und 
SONIA Compounded Index Value means 
in respect of an Index Determination Date 
the 
value 
published 
as 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Index 
Value 
by 
the 
administrator of the SONIA Reference 
Rate (as defined below) or by another 
information vendor from time to time at 
[12:30 p.m.][●] (London time) on such 
Index Determination Date. 
 
SONIA 
Compounded 
Indexwert 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf einen Index-
Feststellungstag den Wert, der als SONIA 
Compounded 
Indexwert 
vom 
Administrator des SONIA Referenzsatzes 
(wie nachstehend definiert) oder von einem 
anderen Finanzinformationsserver jeweils 
um [12:30 Uhr][●] (Londoner Zeit) an 
einem 
solchen 
Index-Feststellungstag 
veröffentlicht wird. 
If, in respect of any Index Determination 
Date, the Calculation Agent determines 
that the SONIA Compounded Index Value 
is not available or has not otherwise been 
published or displayed by the administrator 
of the SONIA Reference Rate or by another 
information vendor, as the case may be, the 
Compounded SONIA Index for such 
Interest Period will be calculated by the 
Calculation Agent on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date, pursuant to the 
following formula, rounded if necessary to 
the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards: 
 
Falls die Berechnungsstelle in Bezug auf 
einen Index-Feststellungstag feststellt, dass 
der SONIA Compounded Indexwert nicht 
verfügbar ist oder nicht auf andere Art und 
Weise vom Administrator des SONIA 
Referenzsatzes bzw. von einem anderen 
Finanzinformationsserver 
veröffentlicht 
oder anzeigt wird, wird der Compounded 
SONIA Index für eine solche Zinsperiode 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
am 
Zinsfestlegungstag nach der folgenden 
Formel berechnet, falls erforderlich auf- 
oder 
abgerundet 
auf 
die 
fünfte 
Dezimalstelle, 
wobei 
0,000005 
aufgerundet wird: 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑 
 
[∏(1 + 𝑆𝑂𝑁𝐼𝐴𝑖−𝑝𝐿𝐵𝐷𝑥𝑛𝑖
365
) −1
𝑑0
𝑖=1
] 𝑥365
𝑑 
Where: 
d means the number of calendar days in the 
relevant Observation Period; 
 
Dabei bezeichnet: 
d bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
im jeweiligen Beobachtungszeitraum; 
d0 means the number of London Business 
Days in the relevant Observation Period; 
 
d0 bezeichnet die Anzahl der Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
im 
jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum; 
 
56  Shall not be less than five London Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
58  Darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren 
Beobachtungsrückschauzeitraum zugestimmt. 
59  Shall not be less than five London Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
60  Darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 135 ---
135 
 
i means a series of whole numbers from one 
to "d0", each representing the relevant 
London Business Day in chronological 
order from, and including, the first London 
Business Day in the relevant Observation 
Period; 
 
i bezeichnet eine Reihe von ganzen Zahlen 
von eins bis "d0", die in chronologischer 
Folge jeweils einen Londoner Geschäftstag 
vom, und einschließlich des, ersten 
Londoner Geschäftstages des jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraums wiedergeben; 
ni for any London Business Day "i" means 
the number of calendar days from and 
including such day "i" up to but excluding 
the following London Business Day; and 
 
ni an jedem Londoner Geschäftstag "i" 
bezeichnet die Anzahl der Kalendertage 
von dem Tag "i" (einschließlich) bis zu 
dem folgenden Londoner Geschäftstag 
(ausschließlich);  
p means [number of London Business 
Days]61; and 
 
p 
bezeichnet 
[Anzahl 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage]62; und 
SONIAi-pLBD means in respect of any 
London Business Day "i" falling in the 
relevant Observation Period the SONIA 
Reference Rate for that London Business 
Day "i". 
 
SONIAi-pLBD 
bezeichnet 
für 
jeden 
Londoner Geschäftstag "i" im jeweiligen 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
den 
SONIA 
Referenzsatz am Londoner Geschäftstag 
"i". 
SONIA Reference Rate means in respect 
of any London Business Day (LBDx) a 
reference rate equal to the daily Sterling 
Overnight Index Average (SONIA) rate for 
such 
LBDx 
as 
provided 
by 
the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised 
distributors and as then published on the 
Screen Page (or, if the Screen Page is 
unavailable, as otherwise published by 
such authorised distributors) on the London 
Business Day immediately following such 
LBDx. 
 
SONIA Referenzsatz bezeichnet in Bezug 
auf einen Londoner Geschäftstag (LBDx) 
einen Referenzsatz in Höhe des täglichen 
Sterling 
Overnight 
Index 
Average 
(SONIA) Satzes für den betreffenden 
LBDx, der vom Administrator des SONIA 
gegenüber den zur Verbreitung der Daten 
autorisierten 
Stellen 
angegeben 
und 
anschließend am Londoner Geschäftstag 
unmittelbar 
nach 
LBDx 
auf 
der 
Bildschirmseite veröffentlicht wird (oder, 
wenn die Bildschirmseite nicht verfügbar 
ist, von den betreffenden autorisierten 
Stellen auf andere Weise veröffentlicht 
wird). 
Observation Period means in respect of 
any Interest Period the period from and 
including the date falling "p" London 
Business Days prior to the first day of the 
relevant Interest Period and ending on, but 
excluding, the date falling "p" London 
Business Days prior to the Interest 
Payment Date for such Interest Period (or 
the date falling "p" London Business Days 
prior to such earlier date, if any, on which 
the Notes become due and payable).] 
 
Beobachtungszeitraum 
bezeichnet 
in 
Bezug auf eine Zinsperiode den Zeitraum 
von dem Tag (einschließlich), welcher "p" 
Londoner Geschäftstage vor dem ersten 
Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode liegt, bis zu 
dem Tag (ausschließlich), welcher "p" 
Londoner 
Geschäftstage 
vor 
dem 
Zinszahlungstag einer solchen Zinsperiode 
liegt (oder den Tag, der "p" Londoner 
Geschäftstage vor einem solchen früheren 
Tag liegt (falls vorhanden), an dem die 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
werden).] 
(b) 
If the SONIA Reference Rate is not made 
available on a London Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and 
unless both a SONIA Index Cessation 
Event and a SONIA Index Cessation 
 
(b) Wird der SONIA Referenzsatz an einem 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
nicht 
wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt, ist der SONIA 
Referenzssatz: (i) der Zinssatz der Bank of 
 
61  Shall not be less than five London Business Days, unless the Calculation Agent has agreed to a shorter period. 
62  Darf nicht weniger als fünf Londoner Geschäftstage umfassen, es sei denn, die Berechnungsstelle hat einem kürzeren Zeitraum zugestimmt.

--- Page 136 ---
136 
 
Effective Date have occurred, SONIA 
Reference Rate shall be: (i) the Bank of 
England's bank rate (the Bank Rate) 
prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Business Day; plus (ii) the 
mean of the spread of SONIA to the Bank 
Rate over the previous five days on which 
SONIA has been published, excluding the 
highest spread (or, if there is more than one 
highest spread, one only of those highest 
spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is 
more than one lowest spread, one only of 
those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate. 
England (der Einlagenzinssatz), der bei 
Geschäftsschluss am jeweiligen Londoner 
Geschäftstag gilt; plus (ii) der Mittelwert 
der 
Zinsspannen 
von 
SONIA 
zum 
Einlagenzinssatz der letzten fünf Tage, an 
denen SONIA veröffentlicht wurde, mit 
Ausnahme der höchsten Zinsspanne (oder, 
wenn es mehr als eine höchste Zinsspanne 
gibt, nur eine dieser höchsten Zinsspannen) 
und der niedrigsten Zinsspanne (oder, 
wenn 
es 
mehr 
als 
eine 
niedrigste 
Zinsspanne gibt, nur eine dieser niedrigsten 
Zinsspannen) zum Einlagenzinssatz, sofern 
nicht 
sowohl 
ein 
SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsereignis als auch ein SONIA-
Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten 
sind.  
(c) If the SONIA Reference Rate is not made 
available on a London Business Day as 
described in subparagraph (a) above and 
both a SONIA Index Cessation Event and a 
SONIA Index Cessation Effective Date 
have occurred, the Rate of Interest shall be 
determined by reference to the rate 
(including any interest rate spreads or 
interest rate adjustments) recommended as 
a substitute for the SONIA by the Bank of 
England or by a committee officially 
established or convened by the Bank of 
England for the purpose of recommending 
a substitute for the SONIA (as such 
substitute for the SONIA may be 
determined by the Bank of England or any 
other administrator appointed therefor). 
 
(c) Wird der SONIA-Referenzsatz an einem 
Londoner 
Geschäftstag 
nicht 
wie 
vorstehend in Buchstabe (a) beschrieben 
zur Verfügung gestellt und sind sowohl ein 
SONIA-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
als 
auch 
ein 
SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten, so wird 
der Zinssatz durch Bezugnahme auf den 
Zinssatz 
(einschließlich 
etwaiger 
Zinsspannen 
oder 
Zinsanpassungen) 
bestimmt, der von der Bank of England 
oder von einem Ausschuss, der von der 
Bank of England zum Zwecke der 
Empfehlung eines Ersatzes für den SONIA 
offiziell eingesetzt oder einberufen wurde, 
als Ersatz für den SONIA empfohlen wurde 
(wobei dieser Ersatz für den SONIA von 
der Bank of England oder einem anderen 
damit beauftragten Administrator bestimmt 
werden kann). 
(d) In the event that the Rate of Interest cannot 
be determined in accordance with the 
foregoing provisions by the Calculation 
Agent, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) that 
determined as at the last preceding Interest 
Determination Date or (ii) if there is no 
such preceding Interest Determination 
Date, the initial Rate of Interest which 
would have been applicable to such Notes 
for the first Interest Period had the Notes 
been in issue for a period equal in duration 
to the scheduled first Interest Period but 
ending on (and excluding) the Interest 
Commencement Date. 
 
(d)   Für den Fall, dass der Zinssatz nicht 
gemäß den vorstehenden Bestimmungen 
von 
der 
Berechnungsstelle 
bestimmt 
werden kann, soll der Zinssatz (i) derjenige 
des 
letzten 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstages sein oder, (ii) wenn es 
keinen 
solchen 
vorangegangenen 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
gibt, 
der 
Ausgangszinssatz sein, der für solche 
Schuldverschreibungen 
für 
die 
erste 
Zinsperiode anwendbar gewesen wäre, 
wären die Schuldverschreibungen für einen 
Zeitraum von gleicher Dauer wie die erste 
Zinsperiode bis zum Verzinsungsbeginn 
(ausschließlich) begeben worden. 
(e) For purposes of subparagraphs (b) through 
(d) above, the following definitions apply: 
 
(e)   Für 
die 
Zwecke 
der 
vorstehenden 
Buchstaben (b) bis (d) gelten die folgenden 
Definitionen:

--- Page 137 ---
137 
 
SONIA Index Cessation Event means the 
occurrence of one or more of the following 
events: 
 
SONIA-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
bezeichnet den Eintritt eines oder mehrerer 
der folgenden Ereignisse: 
(i) a public statement by the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator of 
SONIA) announcing that it no longer 
determines or will determine the SONIA 
permanently or indefinitely, provided that, 
at the time of the statement or the 
publication, 
there 
is 
no 
successor 
administrator that will provide SONIA; or 
 
(i) eine öffentliche Erklärung der Bank of 
England 
(oder 
eines 
Nachfolgeadministrators des SONIA), in 
der sie ankündigt, dass sie den SONIA 
dauerhaft oder auf unbestimmte Zeit nicht 
mehr bestimmt oder bestimmen wird, 
vorausgesetzt, dass zum Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung oder Veröffentlichung kein 
Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, 
der 
weiterhin einen SONIA zur Verfügung 
stellt; oder 
(ii) the publication of information which 
reasonably confirms that the Bank of 
England (or any successor administrator of 
SONIA) ceased or ceases to determine 
SONIA 
permanently 
or 
indefinitely, 
provided that, at that time, no successor 
administrator will continue to provide 
SONIA. 
 
(ii) 
die 
Veröffentlichung 
von 
Informationen, durch welche hinreichend 
bestätigt wird, dass die Bank of England 
(oder ein Nachfolgeadministrator des 
SONIA) den SONIA dauerhaft oder auf 
unbestimmte Zeit nicht mehr bestimmt 
oder bestimmen wird, vorausgesetzt, dass 
zu dieser Zeit kein Nachfolgeadministrator 
existiert, der weiterhin einen SONIA zur 
Verfügung stellt. 
SONIA Index Cessation Effective Date 
means in respect of a SONIA Index 
Cessation Event the date on which the 
Bank of England (or any successor 
administrator of SONIA) ceases to publish 
SONIA, or the date of which SONIA may 
no longer be used.] 
 
SONIA-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
bezeichnet in Bezug auf ein SONIA-Index 
Einstellungsereignis den Zeitpunkt, ab dem 
die 
Bank 
of 
England 
(oder 
ein 
Nachfolgeadministrator des SONIA) den 
SONIA nicht mehr veröffentlicht oder 
bestimmt.] 
[In case of a Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Mindestzinssatzes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Minimum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3) Mindestzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is less than [Minimum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Minimum Rate of Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz niedriger ist 
als [Mindestzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Mindestzinssatz].] 
[In case of a Maximum Rate of Interest the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall eines Höchstzinssatzes ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(3) Maximum Rate of Interest. 
 
(3) Höchstzinssatz. 
If the Rate of Interest in respect of any Interest 
Period determined in accordance with the above 
provisions is greater than [Maximum Rate of 
Interest], the Rate of Interest for such Interest 
Period shall be [Maximum Rate of Interest].] 
 
Wenn der gemäß den obigen Bestimmungen für 
eine Zinsperiode ermittelte Zinssatz höher ist als 
[Höchstzinssatz], so ist der Zinssatz für diese 
Zinsperiode [Höchstzinssatz].] 
[(4)] Interest Amount. 
 
[(4)] Zinsbetrag. 
The Calculation Agent will, on or as soon as 
practicable after each time at which the Rate of 
Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate 
of Interest and calculate the amount of interest 
 
Die 
Berechnungsstelle 
wird 
zu 
oder 
baldmöglichst nach jedem Zeitpunkt, an dem der 
Zinssatz zu bestimmen ist, den Zinssatz 
bestimmen 
und 
den 
auf 
die

--- Page 138 ---
138 
 
(the Interest Amount) payable on the Notes in 
respect of each Specified Denomination for the 
relevant Interest Period. Each Interest Amount 
shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest and the Day Count Fraction (as defined 
below) to each Specified Denomination and 
rounding the resultant figure to the nearest unit of 
the Specified Currency, with 0.5 of such unit 
being rounded upwards. 
Schuldverschreibungen zahlbaren Zinsbetrag in 
Bezug auf jede Festgelegte Stückelung (der 
Zinsbetrag) für die entsprechende Zinsperiode 
berechnen. Der Zinsbetrag wird ermittelt, indem 
der Zinssatz und der Zinstagequotient (wie 
nachfolgend definiert) auf jede Festgelegte 
Stückelung angewendet werden, wobei der 
resultierende Betrag auf die kleinste Einheit der 
Festgelegten Währung auf- oder abgerundet 
wird, wobei 0,5 solcher Einheiten aufgerundet 
werden. 
[(5)] Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount. 
 
[(5)] Mitteilung von Zinssatz und Zinsbetrag. 
The Calculation Agent will cause the Rate of 
Interest, each Interest Amount for each Interest 
Period, each Interest Period and the relevant 
Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Issuer 
and to the Holders in accordance with § 12 as 
soon as possible after their determination, but in 
no event later than the fourth Business Day (as 
defined in § 3(2)) thereafter and if required by the 
rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes 
are from time to time listed, to such stock 
exchange as soon as possible after their 
determination, but in no event later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Each Interest 
Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified 
may subsequently be amended (or appropriate 
alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without notice in the event of an 
extension or shortening of the Interest Period. 
Any such amendment will be promptly notified 
to any stock exchange on which the Notes are 
then listed and to the Holders in accordance with 
§ 12. 
 
Die Berechnungsstelle wird veranlassen, dass der 
Zinssatz, der Zinsbetrag für die jeweilige 
Zinsperiode, die jeweilige Zinsperiode und der 
betreffende Zinszahlungstag der Emittentin 
sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 baldmöglichst, 
aber keinesfalls später als am vierten auf die 
Berechnung jeweils folgenden Geschäftstag (wie 
in § 3(2) definiert) sowie jeder Börse, an der die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem 
Zeitpunkt notiert sind und deren Regeln eine 
Mitteilung an die Börse verlangen, baldmöglichst 
nach der Bestimmung, aber keinesfalls später als 
am ersten Tag der jeweiligen Zinsperiode 
mitgeteilt werden. Im Fall einer Verlängerung 
oder Verkürzung der Zinsperiode können der 
mitgeteilte Zinsbetrag und Zinszahlungstag ohne 
Vorankündigung nachträglich geändert (oder 
andere 
geeignete 
Anpassungs-regelungen 
getroffen) werden. Jede solche Änderung wird 
umgehend 
allen 
Börsen, 
an 
denen 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
notiert sind, sowie den Gläubigern gemäß § 12 
mitgeteilt. 
[(6)] Determinations Binding. 
 
[(6)] Verbindlichkeit der Festsetzungen. 
All certificates, communications, opinions, 
determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for 
the purposes of the provisions of this § 3 by the 
Calculation Agent shall (in the absence of 
manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the 
Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
 
Alle Bescheinigungen, Mitteilungen, Gutachten, 
Festsetzungen, Berechnungen, Quotierungen und 
Entscheidungen, die von der Berechnungsstelle 
für die Zwecke dieses § 3 gemacht, abgegeben, 
getroffen oder eingeholt werden, sind (sofern 
nicht ein offensichtlicher Irrtum vorliegt) für die 
Emittentin, die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstellen 
und die Gläubiger bindend.  
[(7)] Accrual of Interest. 
 
[(7)] Auflaufende Zinsen. 
The Notes shall cease to bear interest from the 
expiry of the day preceding the day on which they 
are due for redemption. If the Issuer for any 
reason fails to redeem the Notes when due, 
interest shall continue to accrue at the default rate 
 
Der Zinslauf der Schuldverschreibungen endet 
mit Ablauf des Tages, der dem Tag vorangeht, an 
dem sie zur Rückzahlung fällig werden. Falls die 
Emittentin 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bei 
Fälligkeit 
aus 
irgendeinem 
Grund 
nicht 
zurückzahlt, 
wird 
der 
ausstehende 
Gesamtnennbetrag der Schuldverschreibungen 
von dem Tag der Fälligkeit (einschließlich) bis

--- Page 139 ---
139 
 
of interest established by statutory law63 on the 
outstanding aggregate principal amount of the 
Notes from (and including) the due date to (but 
excluding) the day on which such redemption 
payment is made to the Holders. 
zum Tag der vollständigen Rückzahlung an die 
Gläubiger (ausschließlich) mit dem gesetzlich 
bestimmten Verzugszins64 verzinst. 
[(8)] Day Count Fraction. 
 
[(8)] Zinstagequotient. 
Day Count Fraction means with regard to the 
calculation of the amount of interest on the Notes 
for any period of time (the Calculation Period): 
 
Zinstagequotient bezeichnet im Hinblick auf die 
Berechnung 
von 
Zinsbeträgen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen für einen beliebigen 
Zeitraum (der Zinsberechnungszeitraum): 
[In case of Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 oder Actual/Actual, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that 
Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of 
the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days 
in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in 
a non-leap year divided by 365).] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum dividiert durch 365 
(oder, 
falls 
ein 
Teil 
dieses 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes in ein Schaltjahr 
fällt, die Summe aus (A) der tatsächlichen Anzahl 
der in das Schaltjahr fallenden Tage des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraumes, dividiert durch 366, 
und (B) die tatsächliche Anzahl der nicht in das 
Schaltjahr 
fallenden 
Tage 
des 
Zinsberechnungszeitraums, dividiert durch 365).] 
[In the case of Actual/365 (Fixed) the following 
applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Actual/365 (Fixed), ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365.] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 365.] 
[In the case of Actual/360 the following applies: 
 
[Im 
Fall 
von 
Actual/360, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 360.] 
 
die 
tatsächliche 
Anzahl 
von 
Tagen 
im 
Zinsberechnungszeitraum, dividiert durch 360.] 
§ 4 
(PAYMENTS) 
 
§ 4 
(ZAHLUNGEN) 
(1) Payment of Principal and Payment of Interest. 
 
(1) Zahlungen auf Kapital und Zahlung von Zinsen. 
(a) Payment of principal in respect of the Notes 
shall be made, subject to subparagraph (2) 
below, to the Clearing System or to its order 
for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System. 
 
(a) Zahlungen 
von 
Kapital 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgen 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
(b) Payment of Interest on the Notes shall be 
made, subject to subparagraph (2), to the 
Clearing System or to its order for credit to 
the accounts of the relevant account holders 
of the Clearing System. 
 
(b) Die 
Zahlung 
von 
Zinsen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
erfolgt 
nach 
Maßgabe des nachstehenden Absatzes (2) 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order 
zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der jeweiligen 
Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems. 
 
63  The default rate of interest established by statutory law is five percentage points above the basis rate of interest published by Deutsche 
Bundesbank from time to time, §§ 288 paragraph 1, 247 paragraph 1 of the German Civil Code. 
64  Der gesetzliche Verzugszinssatz beträgt für das Jahr fünf Prozentpunkte über dem von der Deutsche Bundesbank von Zeit zu Zeit 
veröffentlichten Basiszinssatz, §§ 288 Absatz 1, 247 Absatz 1 BGB.

--- Page 140 ---
140 
 
[In the case of interest payable on a Temporary 
Global Note, the following applies: Payment of 
interest on Notes represented by the Temporary 
Global Note shall be made, subject to 
subparagraph (2), to the Clearing System or to its 
order for credit to the accounts of the relevant 
account holders of the Clearing System, upon due 
certification as provided in § 1(3)(b).] 
 
[Im Fall von Zinszahlungen auf eine Vorläufige 
Globalurkunde ist folgendes anwendbar: Die 
Zahlung von Zinsen auf Schuldverschreibungen, 
die durch die Vorläufige Globalurkunde verbrieft 
sind, erfolgt nach Maßgabe des nachstehenden 
Absatzes (2) an das Clearingsystem oder dessen 
Order zur Gutschrift auf den Konten der 
jeweiligen Kontoinhaber des Clearingsystems, 
und zwar nach ordnungsgemäßer Bescheinigung 
gemäß § 1(3)(b).] 
(2) Manner of Payment. 
 
(2) Zahlungsweise. 
Subject to applicable fiscal and other laws and 
regulations, payments of amounts due in respect 
of the Notes shall be made in the Specified 
Currency. 
 
Vorbehaltlich 
geltender 
steuerlicher 
und 
sonstiger 
gesetzlicher 
Regelungen 
und 
Vorschriften erfolgen zu leistende Zahlungen auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen in der Festgelegten 
Währung. 
(3) Discharge. 
 
(3) Erfüllung. 
The Issuer shall be discharged by payment to, or 
to the order of, the Clearing System. 
 
Die Emittentin wird durch Leistung der Zahlung 
an das Clearingsystem oder dessen Order von 
ihrer Zahlungspflicht befreit. 
(4) Payment Business Day. 
 
(4) Zahltag. 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect 
of any Note is not a Payment Business Day then 
the Holder shall not be entitled to payment until 
the next such day in the relevant place and shall 
not be entitled to further interest or other payment 
in respect of such delay. 
 
Fällt der Fälligkeitstag einer Zahlung in Bezug 
auf eine Schuldverschreibung auf einen Tag, der 
kein Zahltag ist, dann hat der Gläubiger keinen 
Anspruch auf Zahlung vor dem nächsten Zahltag 
am jeweiligen Geschäftsort. Der Gläubiger ist 
nicht berechtigt, weitere Zinsen oder sonstige 
Zahlungen aufgrund dieser Verspätung zu 
verlangen. 
For these purposes, Payment Business Day 
means any day (other than a Saturday or a 
Sunday) on which the Clearing System is 
operational 
 
Für diese Zwecke bezeichnet Zahltag einen Tag, 
(außer einem Samstag oder Sonntag), an dem das 
Clearingsystem betriebsbereit ist  
[If relevant financial center(s) is applicable, the 
following applies: and on which commercial 
banks and foreign exchange markets settle 
payments in [relevant financial center(s)].]  
 
[Falls 
relevante(s) 
Finanzzentrum(en) 
anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: und an dem 
Geschäftsbanken und Devisenmärkte Zahlungen 
in [relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] abwickeln.]  
[If T2 is applicable, the following applies: and 
all relevant parts of T2 are operational to forward 
the relevant payment.] 
 
[Falls T2 anwendbar ist, gilt Folgendes: sowie 
alle betroffenen Bereiche des T2 betriebsbereit 
sind, 
um 
die 
betreffenden 
Zahlungen 
weiterzuleiten.] 
(5) References to Principal and Interest. 
 
(5) Bezugnahmen auf Kapital und Zinsen. 
References in these Terms and Conditions to 
principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed 
to include, as applicable: [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Issuer for other 
than tax reasons or reasons of minimal 
outstanding principal amount, the following 
applies: the Call Redemption Amount of the 
Notes;] [If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon the 
occurrence of a Transaction Trigger Event the 
 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf 
Kapital 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
schließen, soweit anwendbar, die folgenden 
Beträge ein: [falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht 
hat, die Schuldverschreibungen aus anderen als 
steuerlichen Gründen oder aufgrund eines 
geringfügig ausstehendem Nennbetrag vorzeitig 
zurückzuzahlen, ist folgendes anwendbar: den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Call) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] [falls die Emittentin

--- Page 141 ---
141 
 
following applies: the Event Redemption 
Amount of the Notes;] [if the Notes are 
redeemable at the option of the Holder other 
than for reason of a Change of Control the 
following applies: the Put Redemption Amount 
of the Notes;] and any premium and any other 
amounts which may be payable under or in 
respect of the Notes. References in these Terms 
and Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes 
shall be deemed to include, as applicable, any 
Additional Amounts which may be payable under 
§ 7. 
das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] 
[falls 
der 
Gläubiger 
ein 
Wahlrecht 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen, außer bei Vorliegen 
eines Kontrollwechsels, vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
(Put) 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen;] sowie jeden Aufschlag 
sowie sonstige auf oder in Bezug auf die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zahlbaren 
Beträge. 
Bezugnahmen in diesen Emissionsbedingungen 
auf Zinsen auf die Schuldverschreibungen sollen, 
soweit 
anwendbar, 
sämtliche 
gemäß 
§ 7 
zahlbaren Zusätzlichen Beträge einschließen. 
(6) Deposit of Principal and Interest. 
 
(6) Hinterlegung von Kapital und Zinsen. 
The Issuer may deposit with the local court 
(Amtsgericht) in Munich principal or interest not 
claimed by Holders within 30 days from the 
relevant due date, even though such Holders may 
not be in default of acceptance of payment. If and 
to the extent that the deposit is effected and the 
right of withdrawal is waived, the respective 
claims of such Holders against the Issuer shall 
cease. 
 
Die Emittentin ist berechtigt, beim Amtsgericht 
München 
Zins- 
oder 
Kapitalbeträge 
zu 
hinterlegen, die von den Gläubigern nicht 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach dem Fälligkeitstag 
beansprucht worden sind, auch wenn die 
Gläubiger 
sich 
nicht 
in 
Annahmeverzug 
befinden. Soweit eine solche Hinterlegung 
erfolgt, und auf das Recht der Rücknahme 
verzichtet wird, erlöschen die diesbezüglichen 
Ansprüche der Gläubiger gegen die Emittentin. 
§ 5 
(REDEMPTION AND REPURCHASE) 
 
§ 5 
(RÜCKZAHLUNG UND RÜCKKAUF) 
(1) Final Redemption. 
 
(1) Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit. 
Unless previously redeemed in whole or in part 
or purchased and cancelled, the Notes shall be 
redeemed at their principal amount on the Interest 
Payment Date falling in [Redemption Month] 
(the Maturity Date).  
 
Soweit nicht zuvor bereits ganz oder teilweise 
zurückgezahlt oder angekauft und entwertet, 
werden die Schuldverschreibungen zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag am in den [Rückzahlungsmonat] 
fallenden Zinszahlungstag (der Fälligkeitstag) 
zurückgezahlt.  
(2) Early Redemption for Reasons of Taxation. 
 
(2) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
aus 
steuerlichen 
Gründen. 
If as a result of any change in, or amendment to, 
the laws or regulations of any Relevant Taxing 
Jurisdiction (as defined in § 7 herein) or any 
political subdivision or taxing authority thereto or 
therein affecting taxation or the obligation to pay 
duties of any kind, or any change in, or 
amendment to, an official interpretation or 
application of such laws or regulations, which 
amendment or change is effective on or after the 
date on which the last tranche of this series of 
Notes was issued, the Issuer is required to pay 
Additional Amounts (as defined in § 7 herein) on 
the next succeeding Interest Payment Date (as 
defined in § 3(1)), and this obligation cannot be 
avoided by the use of reasonable measures 
 
Die Schuldverschreibungen können insgesamt, 
jedoch nicht teilweise, nach Wahl der Emittentin 
mit einer Kündigungsfrist von nicht mehr als 60 
und nicht weniger als 30 Tagen durch Erklärung 
gegenüber 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
und 
Benachrichtigung gemäß § 12 gegenüber den 
Gläubigern vorzeitig gekündigt und zu ihrem 
Nennbetrag zuzüglich etwaiger bis zum für die 
Rückzahlung festgesetzten Tag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener Zinsen zurückgezahlt werden, falls 
die Emittentin als Folge einer Änderung oder 
Ergänzung der Steuer- oder Abgabengesetze und 
-vorschriften einer Relevanten Steuerjurisdiktion 
(wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen definiert) oder 
deren 
politischen 
Untergliederungen 
oder

--- Page 142 ---
142 
 
available to the Issuer the Notes may be 
redeemed, in whole but not in part, at the option 
of the Issuer, upon not more than 60 days' nor less 
than 30 days' prior notice of redemption given to 
the Fiscal Agent and, in accordance with § 12 to 
the Holders, at their principal amount, together 
with interest (if any) accrued to the date fixed for 
redemption (excluding).  
Steuerbehörden oder als Folge einer Änderung 
oder Ergänzung der Anwendung oder der 
offiziellen Auslegung dieser Gesetze und 
Vorschriften (vorausgesetzt, diese Änderung 
oder Ergänzung wird am oder nach dem Tag, an 
dem die letzte Tranche dieser Serie von 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben wird, wirksam) 
am nächstfolgenden Zinszahlungstag (wie in 
§ 3(1) definiert) zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen (wie in § 7 dieser Bedingungen 
definiert) verpflichtet sein wird und diese 
Verpflichtung 
nicht 
durch 
das 
Ergreifen 
zumutbarer, der Emittentin zur Verfügung 
stehender Maßnahmen vermieden werden kann. 
However, no such notice of redemption may be 
given (i) earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest 
date on which the Issuer would be obligated to 
pay such Additional Amounts were a payment in 
respect of the Notes then due, or (ii) if at the time 
such notice is given, such obligation to pay such 
Additional Amounts does not remain in effect. 
The date fixed for redemption must be an Interest 
Payment Date. 
 
Eine solche Kündigung darf allerdings nicht (i) 
früher als 90 Tage vor dem frühestmöglichen 
Termin erfolgen, an dem die Emittentin 
verpflichtet wäre, solche Zusätzlichen Beträge zu 
zahlen, 
falls 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dann fällig sein würde, 
oder (ii) erfolgen, wenn zu dem Zeitpunkt, zu 
dem 
die 
Kündigung 
erklärt 
wird, 
die 
Verpflichtung zur Zahlung von Zusätzlichen 
Beträgen nicht mehr wirksam ist. Der für die 
Rückzahlung festgelegte Termin muss ein 
Zinszahlungstag sein. 
Any such notice shall be given in accordance with 
§ 12. It shall be irrevocable, must specify the date 
fixed for redemption and must set forth a 
statement in summary form of the facts 
constituting the basis for the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem.  
 
Eine 
solche 
Kündigung 
ist 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekanntzumachen. Sie ist unwiderruflich, muss 
den für die Rückzahlung festgelegten Termin 
nennen und eine zusammenfassende Erklärung 
enthalten, welche die das Rückzahlungsrecht der 
Emittentin begründenden Umständen darlegt. 
Before the publication of any notice of 
redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer 
shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent a certificate 
signed by an executive director of the Issuer 
stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts 
showing that the conditions precedent to the right 
of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred, and an 
opinion of independent legal or tax advisers of 
recognized standing to the effect that the Issuer 
has or will become obliged to pay such 
Additional Amounts as a result of such change or 
amendment. 
 
Vor Bekanntgabe einer Mitteilung über eine 
Rückzahlung gemäß diesen Bestimmungen hat 
die Emittentin der Emissionsstelle eine von 
einem 
Mitglied 
der 
Geschäftsleitung 
der 
Emittentin 
unterzeichnete 
Bescheinigung 
zukommen zu lassen, der zufolge die Emittentin 
berechtigt ist, eine entsprechende Rückzahlung 
zu leisten, und in der nachvollziehbar dargelegt 
ist, dass die Bedingungen für das Recht der 
Emittentin zur Rückzahlung gemäß diesen 
Bestimmungen erfüllt sind; zusätzlich hat die 
Emittentin 
ein 
von 
unabhängigen 
und 
anerkannten 
Rechts- 
oder 
Steuerberatern 
erstelltes Gutachten vorzulegen, demzufolge die 
Emittentin in Folge einer entsprechenden 
Änderung 
oder 
Ergänzung 
zur 
Zahlung 
Zusätzlicher Beträge verpflichtet ist oder sein 
wird. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer for Reasons of Minimal 
Outstanding Principal Amount, the following 
applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar:

--- Page 143 ---
143 
 
(3) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
Reasons of Minimal Outstanding Principal 
Amount. 
 
(3) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
geringfügig 
ausstehendem 
Nennbetrag.  
If 75% or more in principal amount of the Notes 
then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of 
Infineon Technologies AG, the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders of Notes redeem, at its option, the 
remaining Notes as a whole at their principal 
amount, together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the date fixed for redemption (excluding).]  
 
Wenn 75 % oder mehr des Nennbetrags der dann 
ausstehenden Schuldverschreibungen durch die 
Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft von 
Infineon Technologies AG zurückgezahlt oder 
zurückerworben wurde, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, nach ihrer Wahl alle ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Frist von 
mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurück zu zahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Benchmark Event, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(4) Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Event. 
 
(4) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
Benchmark-
Ereignisses. 
If a Benchmark Event has occurred and it is not 
possible, in the Issuer's opinion, to determine a 
successor reference rate in accordance with sub-
clause (i) or (ii) of § 3(2)(b), the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes 
at their principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
 
Falls ein Benchmark-Ereignis eingetreten ist und 
es nach Auffassung der Emittentin nicht möglich 
ist, 
einen 
Ersatz-Referenzsatz 
gemäß 
Unterabsatz (i) oder (ii) von § 3(2)(b) zu 
bestimmen, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach 
ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 
60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen 
und zum Nennbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a €STR 
Index Cessation Event and €STR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)]  Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessation 
Event and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date. 
 
[(4)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines €STR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
€STR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a €STR Index Cessation Event and a €STR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3 (2) (d), the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes 
at their principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
 
Falls ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag eingetreten 
sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 (2)(d) bestimmt 
werden soll, ist die Emittentin berechtigt, nach 
ihrer Wahl die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt 
mit einer Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 
60 Tagen gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen 
und zum Nennbetrag nebst etwaiger bis zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.]

--- Page 144 ---
144 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a SOFR 
Index Cessation Event and SOFR Index Cessation 
Effective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation 
Event and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date. 
 
[(4)]  Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SOFR-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a SOFR Index Cessation Event and a SOFR 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3 (2) (f), the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes 
at their principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
 
Falls ein SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignis und 
ein 
SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 
(2)(f) bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
nebst 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
SONIA Index Cessation Event and SONIA Index 
Cessation Effective Date, the following applies:  
 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen nach Wahl der 
Emittentin 
bei 
Eintritt 
eines 
SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag vorzeitig kündbar sind, ist 
folgendes anwendbar:  
[(4)]  
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a SONIA Index Cessation 
Event and SONIA Index Cessation Effective 
Date. 
 
[(4)]  Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsereignisses 
und 
SONIA-Index-
Einstellungsstichtag. 
If a SONIA Index Cessation Event and a SONIA 
Index Cessation Effective Date have occurred 
and the Rate of Interest shall be determined in 
accordance with § 3 (2) (d), the Issuer may, on 
not less than 30 or more than 60 days' notice to 
the Holders, redeem, at its option, all of the Notes 
at their principal amount, together with interest 
(if any) accrued to the date fixed for redemption 
(excluding).] 
 
Falls ein SONIA-Index-Einstellungsereignis 
und 
ein 
SONIA-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
eingetreten sind und der Zinssatz gemäß § 3 
(2)(d) bestimmt werden soll, ist die Emittentin 
berechtigt, 
nach 
ihrer 
Wahl 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt mit einer 
Frist von mindestens 30 und höchstens 60 Tagen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern zu kündigen und zum 
Nennbetrag 
nebst 
etwaiger 
bis 
zum 
Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zurückzuzahlen.] 
[If the Holders may request the repurchase of the 
Notes upon a Change of Control, the following 
applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Gläubiger 
bei 
Vorliegen 
eines 
Kontrollwechsels 
den 
Ankauf 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
verlangen 
können, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
(5) Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders 
upon a Change of Control. 
 
(5) Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Gläubiger bei Vorliegen eines Kontrollwechsels. 
Each Holder of the Notes, upon the occurrence of 
a Change of Control Triggering Event, will have 
the right (unless, prior to the giving of the Put 
Event Notice referred to below, the Issuer gives 
notice to redeem the Notes in accordance with 
§ 5(2), i.e. for taxation reasons) to require that the 
 
 
Falls ein Kontrollwechselereignis stattfindet, hat 
jeder Gläubiger das Recht (soweit die Emittentin 
nicht bereits vor Abgabe der Vorzeitigen 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung 
(wie 
nachstehend 
definiert) die Rückzahlung gemäß § 5(2), d.h. aus 
steuerlichen Gründen, erklärt hat) von der

--- Page 145 ---
145 
 
Issuer repurchases such Holder's Notes on the 
Optional Redemption Date at their principal 
amount together with interest (if any) accrued to 
the Optional Redemption Date (excluding). 
Emittentin am Stichtag den Rückkauf seiner 
Schuldverschreibungen zu einem Kaufpreis von 
100 % des Nennbetrags zuzüglich etwaiger bis 
zum Stichtag (ausschließlich) aufgelaufener 
Zinsen zu verlangen. 
In this context the following provisions apply: 
 
In diesem Zusammenhang finden die folgenden 
Vorschriften Anwendung: 
Change of Control Triggering Event means the 
occurrence of a Change of Control together with 
a Ratings Decline. 
 
Ein Kontrollwechselereignis liegt vor, wenn ein 
Kontrollwechsel 
zusammen 
mit 
einer 
Ratingherabstufung eintritt. 
Rating Agency means a rating agency solicited 
by Infineon Technologies AG, namely (1) S&P 
Global 
Ratings 
Europe 
Limited 
and 
its 
subsidiaries or successors (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH and its subsidiaries or 
successors (Moody's), and (3) Fitch Ratings 
Ireland Limited and its subsidiaries or successors 
(Fitch), or (4) if S&P, Moody's or Fitch, or all 
three shall not publish a rating of Infineon 
Technologies AG, a European-wide reputable 
securities rating agency or agencies, as the case 
may be, selected by Infineon Technologies AG, 
which shall be substituted for S&P, Moody's or 
Fitch or all three, as the case may be. 
 
Ratingagentur bezeichnet eine von Infineon 
Technologies AG beauftragte Ratingagentur, 
namentlich (1) S&P Global Ratings Europe 
Limited 
sowie 
deren 
Tochter- 
oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (S&P), (2) Moody's 
Deutschland GmbH sowie deren Tochter- oder 
Nachfolgegesellschaften (Moody's), (3) Fitch 
Ratings Ireland Limited sowie deren Tochter- 
oder Nachfolgegesellschaften (Fitch), oder (4) 
falls S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder alle drei kein 
Rating 
für 
Infineon 
Technologies 
AG 
veröffentlichen, 
eine 
Ratingagentur 
oder 
Ratingagenturen mit europaweitem Ansehen, die 
von Infineon Technologies AG ausgewählt wird 
bzw. werden und S&P, Moody's oder Fitch oder 
alle diese Agenturen ersetzt. 
Ratings Decline means that if, at the time of the 
occurrence of a Change of Control, Infineon 
Technologies AG has been, from any Rating 
Agency it has solicited, (a) rated Investment 
Grade and such rating from any Rating Agency 
is, within 120 days from such time, either 
downgraded to a non-investment grade rating or 
withdrawn and is not within such 120-day period 
subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) 
upgraded to Investment Grade by such Rating 
Agency or (in the case of withdrawal) replaced by 
an Investment Grade rating from any other Rating 
Agency; or (b) rated below Investment Grade and 
such rating from any Rating Agency is, within 
120 days from such time, downgraded by one or 
more gradations (including gradations within 
Rating Categories as well as between Rating 
Categories) and is not within such 120-day period 
subsequently upgraded to its earlier credit rating 
or better by such Rating Agency. Provided that if 
at the time of the occurrence of the Change of 
Control Infineon Technologies AG carries a 
rating from more than one Rating Agency, at least 
one of which is Investment Grade, then sub-
paragraph (a) will apply. In making the relevant 
decision(s) referred to above, the relevant Rating 
Agency announces publicly or confirms in 
writing to Infineon Technologies AG that such 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt vor, falls Infineon 
Technologies AG (aufgrund einer Beauftragung 
durch Infineon Technologies AG) bei Eintritt des 
Kontrollwechsels von einer Ratingagentur (a) mit 
Investment Grade bewertet ist und dieses Rating 
von einer Ratingagentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen 
nach dem Kontrollwechsel zu einem non-
investment grade Rating herabgestuft oder das 
Rating zurückgezogen wurde und nicht innerhalb 
dieser 120-Tagesperiode anschließend (im Falle 
einer Herabstufung) durch diese Ratingagentur 
wieder auf ein Investment Grade Rating 
heraufgestuft 
oder 
(im 
Falle 
eines 
Zurückziehens) durch das Investment Grade 
Rating einer anderen Ratingagentur ersetzt 
wurde; oder (b) unterhalb von Investment Grade 
bewertet ist und dieses Rating von einer 
Ratingagentur innerhalb von 120 Tagen nach 
dem Kontrollwechsel um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen 
(einschließlich 
Untergliederungen 
innerhalb von sowie zwischen Ratingkategorien) 
herabgestuft und nicht innerhalb dieser 120-
Tagesperiode anschließend wieder auf das 
ursprüngliche oder ein besseres Rating durch 
diese Ratingagentur heraufgestuft wurde; wobei, 
falls Infineon Technologies AG zum Zeitpunkt 
des Eintritts des Kontrollwechsels über ein 
Rating von mehr als einer Ratingagentur verfügt, 
von denen mindestens eines ein Investment

--- Page 146 ---
146 
 
decision(s) resulted, in whole or in part, from the 
occurrence of the Change of Control. 
Grade Rating ist, Absatz (a) Anwendung findet; 
und im Zusammenhang mit einer der oben 
genannten 
Entscheidungen 
die 
betreffende 
Ratingagentur öffentlich bekannt macht oder 
gegenüber Infineon Technologies AG schriftlich 
bestätigt, dass diese Entscheidung ganz oder 
teilweise 
auf 
den 
Kontrollwechsel 
zurückzuführen ist. 
Provided however that no Ratings Decline will 
occur if at the end of the 120-day period Infineon 
Technologies AG has been rated by at least two 
Rating Agencies it has solicited Investment 
Grade. 
 
Eine Ratingherabstufung liegt jedoch nicht vor, 
falls Infineon Technologies AG (aufgrund einer 
Beauftragung durch Infineon Technologies AG) 
am Ende der 120-Tagesperiode von mindestens 
zwei Ratingagenturen mit Investment Grade 
bewertet wird. 
Rating Category means:  
 
Ratingkategorie bezeichnet: 
(a) with respect to S&P or Fitch, any of the 
following categories: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
and D (or equivalent successor categories), 
 
(a) in Bezug auf S&P oder Fitch eine der 
folgenden Kategorien: BB, B, CCC, CC, C 
und 
D 
(bzw. 
entsprechende 
Nachfolgekategorien); 
(b) with respect to Moody's, any of the 
following categories: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C and 
D (or equivalent successor categories), and 
 
(b) in Bezug auf Moody's eine der folgenden 
Kategorien: Ba, B, Caa, Ca, C und D (bzw. 
entsprechende Nachfolgekategorien); und 
(c) the equivalent of any such category of S&P, 
Moody's or Fitch used by another rating 
agency in determining whether the rating of 
Infineon Technologies AG has decreased by 
one or more gradations, gradations within 
rating categories (+ and - for S&P, 1, 2 and 
3 for Moody's, + and - for Fitch; or the 
equivalent gradations for another rating 
agency) shall be taken into account (e.g., 
with respect to S&P, a decline in a rating 
from BB+ to BB, as well as from BB- to B+, 
will constitute a decrease of one gradation). 
 
(c) diesen Kategorien von S&P oder Moody's 
oder Fitch entsprechende Ratingkategorien 
einer anderen Ratingagentur. Bei der 
Bestimmung, ob das Rating von Infineon 
Technologies AG um eine oder mehrere 
Stufen herabgestuft wurde, werden die 
jeweiligen 
Ratingkategorien 
weiter 
untergliedernde Zusätze ("+" und "-" bei 
S&P, "1", "2" und "3" bei Moody's, "+" und 
"-" bei Fitch bzw. entsprechende Zusätze 
anderer Ratingagenturen) berücksichtigt 
(z. B. 
entspricht 
bei 
S&P 
eine 
Ratingänderung von BB+ auf BB oder von 
BB- auf B+ jeweils einer Herabstufung um 
eine Stufe). 
Investment Grade means a rating of (i) BBB- or 
higher by S&P and Fitch and, (ii) Baa3 or higher 
by Moody's, or the equivalent of such ratings by 
S&P, Moody's or Fitch and the equivalent in 
respect of rating categories of any Rating 
Agencies substituted for S&P, Moody's or Fitch.  
 
Investment Grade bezeichnet ein Rating von (i) 
BBB- oder höher im Fall von S&P und Fitch und 
(ii) Baa3 oder höher im Fall von Moody's, oder 
das entsprechende Äquivalent dieser Ratings im 
Fall von S&P, Moody's oder Fitch sowie das 
entsprechende 
Äquivalent 
in 
den 
Ratingkategorien einer anderen Ratingagentur, 
durch die S&P, Moody's oder Fitch ersetzt wurde. 
A Change of Control means an event the result 
of which is that any person or group (Relevant 
Person(s)) acting in concert (as defined in 
§ 30 (2) of the German Securities Acquisition 
and Takeover Act (Wertpapiererwerbs- und 
Übernahmegesetz)) or any person or group acting 
on behalf of any such Relevant Person(s), is or 
becomes the direct or indirect legal or beneficial 
 
Ein Kontrollwechsel bezeichnet ein Ereignis, in 
dessen Folge eine Person oder mehrere Personen 
(Relevante Personen), die abgestimmt handeln 
(wie 
in 
§ 30 (2) 
Wertpapiererwerbs- 
und 
Übernahmegesetz definiert), oder einer oder 
mehrere Dritte, die im Auftrag einer solchen 
Relevanten Personen handeln, unmittelbar oder 
mittelbar 
rechtliches 
oder 
wirtschaftliches

--- Page 147 ---
147 
 
ownership or any legal or beneficial entitlement 
(as defined in § 34 of the German Securities 
Trading Act (Wertpapierhandelsgesetz)) of, in 
the aggregate, more than 50% of the voting shares 
of Infineon Technologies AG. 
Eigentum 
in 
jedweder 
Form 
bzw. 
die 
unmittelbare oder mittelbare rechtliche oder 
wirtschaftliche Verfügungsbefugnis in jedweder 
Form (wie in § 34 Wertpapierhandelsgesetz 
beschrieben) an insgesamt mehr als 50 % der 
stimmberechtigten 
Aktien 
der 
Infineon 
Technologies AG erlangen. 
Person means any individual, corporation, 
partnership, joint venture, association, joint-stock 
company, trust, unincorporated organization, 
government or any agency, instrumentality or 
political subdivision thereof, or any other entity. 
 
Person bezeichnet eine natürliche Person, eine 
Körperschaft, eine Personengesellschaft, ein 
Joint 
Venture, 
eine 
Vereinigung, 
eine 
Kapitalgesellschaft, einen Trust, eine Einrichtung 
ohne eigene Rechtspersönlichkeit, eine staatliche 
Stelle oder Behörde, eine Gebietskörperschaft 
oder einen sonstigen Rechtsträger. 
Within 30 days upon the Issuer becoming aware 
that a Change of Control Triggering Event has 
occurred, the Issuer shall give notice (a Put Event 
Notice) to the Holders in accordance with § 12 
stating: 
 
Innerhalb von 30 Tagen, nachdem die Emittentin 
von einem Kontrollwechselereignis Kenntnis 
erlangt hat, wird die Emittentin dies den 
Gläubigern 
gemäß 
§ 12 
bekannt 
machen 
(Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung) 
und 
dabei folgendes mitteilen: 
(a) that a Change of Control Triggering Event 
has occurred; 
 
(a) dass 
ein 
Kontrollwechselereignis 
eingetreten ist; 
(b) the circumstances and relevant facts 
regarding 
such 
Change 
of 
Control 
Triggering Event; 
 
(b) die Umstände und relevanten Informationen 
bezüglich des Kontrollwechselereignisses;  
(c) the repurchase date (which shall be no 
earlier than 30 days nor later than 60 days 
from the date such Put Event Notice is 
given) (the Optional Redemption Date); 
 
(c) den Tag des Rückkaufs (der nicht früher als 
30 und nicht später als 60 Tage nach dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Vorzeitige 
Rückkaufsgrunderklärung erfolgt, liegen 
darf) (der Stichtag); 
(d) that each Note will be subject to repurchase 
only in integral multiples the Specified 
Denomination; and 
 
(d) dass die Schuldverschreibungen nur in 
ganzen 
Vielfachen 
der 
Festgelegten 
Stückelung zurückgekauft werden; und 
(e) the instructions determined by the Issuer that 
a Holder must follow in order to have its 
Notes purchased pursuant to this § 5(4). 
 
(e) die 
Anweisungen, 
die 
ein 
Gläubiger 
befolgen 
muss, 
damit 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
gemäß 
diesem 
§ 5(4) zurückgekauft werden. 
In order to exercise such option, the Holder must 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed option exercise notice in the form 
available from the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent within the period of 20 days after a Put 
Event Notice is given. No option so exercised 
may be revoked or withdrawn without the prior 
consent of the Issuer.] 
 
Um ein solches Recht auszuüben, muss ein 
Gläubiger 
während 
der 
allgemeinen 
Geschäftszeiten 
bei 
der 
angegebenen 
Geschäftsstelle 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
eine 
vollständig ausgefüllte Ausübungserklärung in 
der durch die Emissionsstelle bereitgestellten 
Form innerhalb eines Zeitraums von 20 Tagen 
nach 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlungserklärung übermitteln. Kein in 
dieser Form ausgeübtes Recht kann ohne 
vorherige Zustimmung der Emittentin widerrufen 
oder zurückgezogen werden.]

--- Page 148 ---
148 
 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zurückzuzahlen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(6)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer. 
 
[(6)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin. 
(a) The Issuer may, upon notice given in 
accordance with clause (b), redeem all or 
some only of the Notes within the Call 
Redemption 
Period(s) 
at 
the 
Call 
Redemption Amount(s) set forth below 
together with accrued interest, if any, to (but 
excluding) the relevant redemption date.  
 
(a) Die Emittentin kann, nachdem sie gemäß 
Absatz 
(b) 
gekündigt 
hat, 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
insgesamt 
oder 
teilweise 
innerhalb 
des/der 
Wahl-
Rückzahlungszeitraums/räume 
(Call) 
zum/zu 
den 
Wahl- 
Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Call), wie 
nachfolgend angegeben, nebst etwaigen bis 
zum 
maßgeblichen 
Rückzahlungstag 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen 
Zinsen 
zurückzahlen.  
Call Redemption 
Period(s) 
 
Call Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Call Redemption 
Period(s)] 
[Call Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungszeitraum/räume 
(Call) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge (Call) 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
zeitraum/ räume] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[If Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder, the following applies: The 
Issuer may not exercise such option in respect of 
any Note which is the subject of the prior exercise 
by the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under subparagraph 
[(8)] of this § 5.] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, 
ist folgendes anwendbar: Der Emittentin steht 
dieses Wahlrecht nicht in Bezug auf eine 
Schuldverschreibung zu, deren Rückzahlung 
bereits der Gläubiger in Ausübung seines 
Wahlrechts nach Absatz [(8)] dieses § 5 verlangt 
hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) whether such series is to be redeemed 
in whole or in part only and, if in part 
only, the aggregate principal amount of 
the Notes which are to be redeemed; 
 
(ii) eine Erklärung, ob diese Serie ganz 
oder teilweise zurückgezahlt wird und 
im 
letzteren 
Fall 
den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
der 
zurück-
zuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen; 
(iii) the relevant redemption date, which 
shall be not less than 20 nor more than 
40 days after the date on which notice 
is given by the Issuer to the Holders; 
and 
 
(iii) den maßgeblichen Rückzahlungstag, 
der nicht weniger als 20 und nicht mehr 
als 40 Tage nach dem Tag der 
Kündigung 
durch 
die 
Emittentin 
gegenüber den Gläubigern liegen darf; 
und 
(iv) the Call Redemption Amount at which 
such Notes are to be redeemed. 
 
(iv) den Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag (Call), 
zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden.

--- Page 149 ---
149 
 
(c) In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, 
Notes to be redeemed shall be selected in 
accordance with the rules of the relevant 
Clearing System. [In the case of Notes in 
NGN form, the following applies: For 
technical procedure of the ICSDs, in the 
case of a partial redemption the outstanding 
redemption amount will be reflected in the 
records of the ICSDs as either a reduction in 
nominal amount or as a pool factor, at the 
discretion of the ICSDs.]] 
 
(c) Wenn 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
nur 
teilweise zurückgezahlt werden, werden die 
zurückzuzahlenden Schuldverschreibungen 
in Übereinstimmung mit den Regeln des 
betreffenden Clearingsystems ausgewählt. 
[Falls die Schuldverschreibungen in Form 
einer NGN begeben werden, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: Für das technische Verfahren 
der ICSDs wird im Fall einer teilweisen 
Rückzahlung 
der 
entstehende 
Rückzahlungsbetrag 
entweder 
als 
reduzierter Nennbetrag oder als Poolfaktor 
nach Ermessen der ICSDs in das Register 
der ICSDs aufgenommen.]] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Issuer upon the occurrence of a 
Transaction Trigger Event the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig bei Eintritt eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
zurückzuzahlen, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(7)] Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
upon the occurrence of a Transaction Trigger 
Event. 
 
[(7)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses. 
(a) Upon the occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event, the Issuer may, upon notice 
given in accordance with clause (b), redeem 
all of the Notes on the Event Redemption 
Date at the Event Redemption Amount 
together with interest (if any) to the Event 
Redemption Date (excluding). 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
kann, 
nachdem 
ein 
Transaktions-Ereignis aufgetreten ist und sie 
gemäß Absatz (b) gekündigt hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt an dem 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag zum Ereignis-
Rückzahlungsbetrag, 
wie 
nachfolgend 
angegeben, 
nebst 
etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag (ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufenen Zinsen zurückzahlen. 
The Issuer may waive its right to call the 
Notes for redemption based on a Transaction 
Trigger 
Event 
by 
giving 
notice 
in 
accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin kann auf ihr Recht zur 
vorzeitigen 
Kündigung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
aufgrund 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
Bekanntmachung gemäß § 12 verzichten. 
[If the Notes are subject to Early 
Redemption at the Option of the Holder the 
following applies: The Issuer may not 
exercise such option in respect of any Note 
which is the subject of the prior exercise by 
the Holder thereof of its option to require the 
redemption of such Note under § 5[(8)].] 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
vorzeitig 
zu 
kündigen, ist folgendes anwendbar: Der 
Emittentin steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, 
deren Rückzahlung bereits der Gläubiger in 
Ausübung seines Wahlrechts nach § 5[(8)] 
verlangt hat.] 
(b) Notice of redemption shall be given by the 
Issuer to the Holders of the Notes in 
accordance with § 12. Such notice shall 
specify: 
(i) the 
series 
of 
Notes 
subject 
to 
redemption; 
(ii) the Event Redemption Date, which 
shall be not less than 30 days nor more 
than 60 days after the date on which 
 
(b) Die Kündigung ist den Gläubigern der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gemäß § 12 bekanntzugeben. Sie 
muss die folgenden Angaben enthalten: 
(i) die 
zurückzuzahlende 
Serie 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen; 
(ii) den 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag, 
der 
nicht weniger als 30 Tage und nicht 
mehr als 60 Tage nach dem Tag der

--- Page 150 ---
150 
 
notice of the occurrence of the 
Transaction Trigger Event is given by 
the Issuer to the Holders; and 
(iii) the Event Redemption Amount at 
which such Notes are to be redeemed. 
Mitteilung 
des 
Eintritts 
eines 
Transaktions-Ereignisses 
durch 
die 
Emittentin gegenüber den Gläubigern 
liegen darf; und 
(iii) den Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag, zu 
dem 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zurückgezahlt werden. 
(c) Whereby: 
 
(c) Dabei gilt: 
Event Redemption Amount means [insert 
amount per Note]. 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungsbetrag bezeichnet 
[Betrag 
pro 
Schuldverschreibung 
einfügen]. 
Event Redemption Date means the date 
fixed for redemption of the Notes pursuant 
to § 5 [(7)] (b). 
 
Ereignis-Rückzahlungstag bezeichnet den 
Tag, 
der 
für 
die 
Rückzahlung 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen gemäß § 5 [(7)] (b) 
festgesetzt wurde. 
Transaction means [insert description of 
envisaged acquisition transaction for 
which the Notes are intended to be issued 
for refinancing purposes]. 
 
Transaktion bezeichnet [Beschreibung der 
geplanten 
Akquisitionstransaktion 
für 
deren 
Finanzierung 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen begeben werden]. 
Transaction Trigger Event means a notice 
given by the Issuer to the Holders [in the 
case of a Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date 
insert: on or prior to [Transaction Trigger 
Cut-off Date]] in accordance with § 12 that 
the Transaction has been terminated prior to 
completion and the Issuer has publicly stated 
that it no longer intends to pursue the 
Transaction.] 
 
Transaktions-Ereignis 
bezeichnet 
die 
Mitteilung der Emittentin [Im Fall eines 
Transaktions-Stichtages, einfügen: an oder 
vor dem [Transaktions-Stichtag]] an die 
Gläubiger gemäß § 12, dass die Transaktion 
vor ihrem Abschluss abgebrochen wurde 
und die Emittentin öffentlich erklärt hat, 
dass sie nicht länger beabsichtigt, die 
Transaktion zu verfolgen.] 
[If the Notes are subject to Early Redemption at the 
Option of the Holder the following applies: 
 
 
[Falls der Gläubiger ein Wahlrecht hat, die 
Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zu kündigen, ist 
folgendes anwendbar: 
[(8)] Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder. 
 
[(8)] Vorzeitige 
Rückzahlung 
nach 
Wahl 
des 
Gläubigers. 
(a) The Issuer shall, at the option of the Holder 
of any Note, redeem such Note on the Put 
Redemption Date(s) at the Put Redemption 
Amount(s) set forth below together with 
accrued interest, if any, to (but excluding) 
the Put Redemption Date. 
 
(a) Die 
Emittentin 
hat 
eine 
Schuldverschreibung nach Ausübung des 
entsprechenden Wahlrechts durch den 
Gläubiger 
am/an 
den 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(en) (Put) zum/zu dem/den 
Wahl-Rückzahlungsbetrag/beträgen (Put), 
wie nachfolgend angegeben nebst etwaigen 
bis 
zum 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag 
(Put) 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zurückzuzahlen. 
Put Redemption Date(s) 
 
Put Redemption 
Amount(s) 
 
[Put Redemption 
Dates(s)] 
[Put Redemption 
Amount(s)] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungstag(e) (Put) 
Wahl-Rück-
zahlungsbetrag/ 
beträge (Put) 
[Wahl- Rück-
zahlungstag(e)] 
[Wahl-Rückzahlungs-
betrag/beträge] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●] 
[●]

--- Page 151 ---
151 
 
The Holder may not exercise such option in 
respect of any Note which is the subject of the 
prior exercise by the Issuer of any of its options 
to redeem such Note under this § 5. 
 
Dem Gläubiger steht dieses Wahlrecht nicht in 
Bezug auf eine Schuldverschreibung zu, deren 
Rückzahlung die Emittentin zuvor in Ausübung 
eines ihrer Wahlrechte nach diesem § 5 verlangt 
hat. 
(b) In order to exercise such option, the Holder 
must, not less than [Minimum Notice to 
Issuer] nor more than [Maximum Notice to 
Issuer] days before the Put Redemption 
Date on which such redemption is required 
to be made as specified in the Put 
Redemption Notice (as defined below), 
submit during normal business hours at the 
specified office of the Fiscal Agent a duly 
completed early redemption notice (Put 
Redemption Notice) in the form available 
from the specified offices of the Fiscal 
Agent and the Paying Agent. The Put 
Redemption Notice must specify (i) the 
principal amount of the Notes in respect of 
which such option is exercised, and (ii) the 
securities identification number of such 
Notes, if any. No option so exercised may 
be revoked or withdrawn. The Issuer shall 
only be required to redeem Notes in respect 
of which such option is exercised against 
delivery of such Notes to the Issuer or to its 
order.] 
 
(b) Um dieses Wahlrecht auszuüben, hat der 
Gläubiger 
nicht 
weniger 
als 
[Mindestkündigungsfrist] und nicht mehr 
als [Höchstkündigungsfrist] Tage vor dem 
Wahl-Rückzahlungstag (Put), an dem die 
Rückzahlung gemäß der Rückzahlungs-
Ausübungserklärung 
(wie 
nachfolgend 
definiert) erfolgen soll, der bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle während 
der 
normalen 
Geschäftszeiten 
eine 
ordnungsgemäß ausgefüllte Mitteilung zur 
vorzeitigen 
Rückzahlung 
(die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung), wie 
sie bei den bezeichneten Geschäftsstellen 
der Emissionsstelle und der Zahlstelle 
erhältlich 
ist, 
zu 
übermitteln. 
Die 
Rückzahlungs-Ausübungserklärung 
hat 
anzugeben: 
(i) 
den 
Nennbetrag 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen, 
für 
die 
das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt wird und (ii) die 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer dieser Schuld-
verschreibungen (soweit vergeben). Die 
Ausübung des Wahlrechts kann nicht 
widerrufen werden. Die Rückzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen, für welche das 
Wahlrecht ausgeübt worden ist, erfolgt nur 
gegen Lieferung der Schuldverschreibungen 
an die Emittentin oder deren Order.] 
(9) Repurchase 
 
(9) Rückkauf 
Subject to applicable laws, the Issuer or any 
Subsidiary may at any time purchase Notes in the 
open market or otherwise and at any price. Such 
acquired Notes may be cancelled, held or resold. 
 
Die Emittentin oder eine Tochtergesellschaft 
können, soweit gesetzlich zulässig, jederzeit 
Schuldverschreibungen auf dem freien Markt 
oder anderweitig sowie zu jedem beliebigen Preis 
kaufen. 
Derartig 
erworbene 
Schuldverschreibungen 
können 
entwertet, 
gehalten oder wieder veräußert werden. 
§ 6 
(THE FISCAL AGENT, THE PAYING AGENT 
AND THE CALCULATION AGENT) 
 
§ 6 
(DIE EMISSIONSSTELLE, DIE ZAHLSTELLE 
UND DIE BERECHNUNGSSTELLE) 
(1) Appointment; Specified Office. 
 
(1) Bestellung; bezeichnete Geschäftsstelle. 
The initial fiscal agent (the Fiscal Agent) and the 
initial paying agent (the Paying Agent) and its 
initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Emissionsstelle (die 
Emissionsstelle) und die anfänglich bestellte 
Zahlstelle (die Zahlstelle) und ihre bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1

--- Page 152 ---
152 
 
Ireland 
Irland 
The initial calculation agent (the Calculation 
Agent) and its initial specified office shall be: 
 
Die anfänglich bestellte Berechnungsstelle (die 
Berechnungsstelle) 
und 
ihre 
bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle lautet wie folgt: 
[●] 
 
[●] 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent reserve the right at any time to 
change their respective specified offices to some 
other specified office in the same country. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle behalten sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit 
ihre 
jeweiligen 
bezeichneten 
Geschäftsstellen durch eine andere bezeichnete 
Geschäftsstelle in demselben Land zu ersetzen. 
(2) Variation or Termination of Appointment. 
 
(2) Änderung der Bestellung oder Abberufung. 
The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary 
or terminate the appointment of the Fiscal Agent 
or any Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent and 
to appoint another Fiscal Agent or additional or 
other Paying Agents or another Calculation 
Agent. The Issuer shall at all times maintain (i) a 
Fiscal Agent [in the case of Notes listed on a 
stock exchange the following applies: [,] [and] 
(ii) so long as the Notes are listed on the [name 
of Stock Exchange], a Paying Agent (which may 
be the Fiscal Agent) with a specified office in 
[location of Stock Exchange] and/or in such 
other place as may be required by the rules of 
such stock exchange] [,] [and] [(iii)] a Paying 
Agent in an EU Member State, if possible, that 
will not be obliged to withhold or deduct tax in 
connection with any payment made in relation to 
the Notes unless the Paying Agent would be so 
obliged in each other EU Member State if it were 
located there, [,] [and] [(iv)] a Calculation Agent 
[in the case of payments in United States dollar 
the following applies: and [(v)] if payments at or 
through the offices of all Paying Agents outside 
the United States (as defined in § 1(6)) become 
illegal or are effectively precluded because of the 
imposition of exchange controls or similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of such 
amounts in United States dollar, a Paying Agent 
with a specified office in New York City]. Any 
variation, termination, appointment or change 
shall only take effect (other than in the case of 
insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) 
after not less than 30 nor more than 45 days' prior 
notice thereof shall have been given to the 
Holders in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Emittentin behält sich das Recht vor, 
jederzeit die Bestellung der Emissionsstelle oder 
einer Zahlstelle oder der Berechnungsstelle zu 
ändern oder zu beenden und eine andere 
Emissionsstelle oder zusätzliche oder andere 
Zahlstellen oder eine andere Berechnungsstelle 
zu bestellen. Die Emittentin wird zu jedem Zeit-
punkt (i) eine Emissionsstelle unterhalten [im 
Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an einer 
Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:[,] 
[und] (ii) solange die Schuldverschreibungen an 
der [Name der Börse] notiert sind, eine Zahlstelle 
(die die Emissionsstelle sein kann) mit be-
zeichneter Geschäftsstelle in [Sitz der Börse] 
und/oder an solchen anderen Orten unterhalten, 
die die Regeln dieser Börse verlangen] [,] [und] 
[(iii)] eine Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, sofern dies möglich ist, 
unterhalten, die nicht zum Einbehalt oder Abzug 
von Quellensteuern oder sonstigen Abzügen 
verpflichtet ist, es sei denn, dass eine solche 
Einbehalts- oder Abzugspflicht auch in allen 
anderen Mitgliedsstaaten der Europäischen 
Union 
bestünde 
[,] 
[und] 
[(iv)] 
eine 
Berechnungsstelle unterhalten [im Fall von 
Zahlungen 
in 
US-Dollar 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: und [(v)] falls Zahlungen bei den 
oder durch die Geschäftsstellen aller Zahlstellen 
außerhalb der Vereinigten Staaten (wie in § 1(6) 
definiert) 
aufgrund 
der 
Einführung 
von 
Devisenbeschränkungen 
oder 
ähnlichen 
Beschränkungen hinsichtlich der vollständigen 
Zahlung oder des Empfangs der entsprechenden 
Beträge in US-Dollar widerrechtlich oder 
tatsächlich 
ausgeschlossen 
werden, 
eine 
Zahlstelle mit bezeichneter Geschäftsstelle in 
New York City unterhalten]. Eine Änderung, 
Abberufung, Bestellung oder ein sonstiger 
Wechsel 
wird 
nur 
wirksam 
(außer 
im 
Insolvenzfall, in dem eine solche Änderung 
sofort wirksam wird), sofern die Gläubiger 
hierüber gemäß § 12 vorab unter Einhaltung einer

--- Page 153 ---
153 
 
Frist von mindestens 30 und nicht mehr als 45 
Tagen informiert wurden. 
(3) Agent of the Issuer. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsgehilfe(n) der Emittentin. 
The Fiscal Agent, the Paying Agent and the 
Calculation Agent act solely as the agents of the 
Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards 
or relationship of agency or trust for any Holder. 
 
Die Emissionsstelle, die Zahlstelle und die 
Berechnungsstelle handeln ausschließlich als 
Erfüllungsgehilfen 
der 
Emittentin 
und 
übernehmen 
keinerlei 
Verpflichtungen 
gegenüber den Gläubigern und es wird kein 
Auftrags- oder Treuhandverhältnis zwischen 
ihnen und den Gläubigern begründet. 
§ 7 
(TAXATION) 
 
§ 7 
(STEUERN) 
All payments of principal and interest made by 
the Issuer in respect of the Notes to the Holders 
shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for, any present or 
future taxes or duties of whatever nature imposed 
or levied by way of deduction or withholding by 
or on behalf of (1) the Federal Republic of 
Germany or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, (2) any jurisdiction from or 
through which payment on the Notes is made, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax and/or (3) any other jurisdiction in which the 
payor is organized or otherwise considered to be 
resident or doing business for tax purposes, or 
any political subdivision or governmental 
authority thereof or therein having the power to 
tax (each a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction), unless 
such deduction or withholding is required by law. 
In that event the Issuer shall pay such additional 
amounts (the Additional Amounts) as shall result 
in receipt by the Holders of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except 
that no Additional Amounts shall be payable with 
respect to: 
 
Alle in Bezug auf die Schuldverschreibungen von 
der Emittentin an die Gläubiger zahlbaren 
Kapital- oder Zinsbeträge werden ohne Einbehalt 
oder Abzug an der Quelle für oder wegen 
gegenwärtiger oder zukünftiger Steuern oder 
Abgaben gleich welcher Art gezahlt, die von oder 
im Namen (1) der Bundesrepublik Deutschland 
oder einer dort zur Steuererhebung ermächtigten 
Behörde, (2) einer Rechtsordnung, aus der bzw. 
über 
die 
eine 
Zahlung 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen geleistet wird, oder einer 
dort 
zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde, und/oder (3) 
einer anderen Rechtsordnung, in der die zahlende 
Partei 
errichtet 
ist 
oder 
anderweitig 
als 
gebietsansässig gilt oder im steuerlichen Sinn 
geschäftlich tätig ist, oder einer dort zur 
Steuererhebung 
ermächtigten 
Gebietskörperschaft oder Behörde (jeweils eine 
Relevante Steuerjurisdiktion) im Wege des 
Abzugs oder Einbehalts auferlegt oder erhoben 
werden, es sei denn, ein solcher Abzug oder 
Einbehalt ist gesetzlich vorgeschrieben. In 
diesem Fall wird die Emittentin diejenigen 
zusätzlichen Beträge (Zusätzliche Beträge) 
zahlen, die erforderlich sind, damit die den 
Gläubigern zufließenden Nettobeträge nach 
diesem Einbehalt oder Abzug jeweils den 
Beträgen an Kapital und Zinsen entsprechen, die 
ohne einen solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug von 
den Gläubigern erhalten worden wären; jedoch 
sind solche Zusätzlichen Beträge nicht zu zahlen 
in Bezug auf: 
(a) taxes or duties which are payable by any 
Person acting as custodian bank or 
collecting agent on behalf of a Holder, or 
otherwise in any manner which does not 
constitute a deduction or withholding by the 
Issuer from payments of principal or interest 
made by it; or 
 
(a) Steuern oder Abgaben, die von einer als 
Depotbank oder Inkassobeauftragter eines 
Gläubigers handelnden Person oder auf eine 
sonstige Weise zu entrichten sind, die 
keinen 
Abzug 
oder 
Einbehalt 
von 
Zahlungen von Kapital oder Zinsen durch 
die Emittentin darstellen; oder 
(b) payments that would not have been so 
imposed but for the existence of any present 
 
(b) Zahlungen, die nicht erhoben worden wären, 
wenn nicht (i) eine gegenwärtige oder

--- Page 154 ---
154 
 
or former connection between such Holder 
(or between a fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, 
member or shareholder of, or a person 
having a power over, such Holder) and any 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction including, 
without limitation, such Holder (or such 
fiduciary, settlor, beneficiary, member, 
shareholder or person having such a power) 
being or having been a citizen or resident or 
treated as a resident of, being or having been 
engaged in a trade or business in, or having 
or having had a permanent establishment in, 
a Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction other than 
any connections arising solely from a Holder 
acquiring, holding or disposing of, receiving 
any payment under or with respect to or 
enforcing a Note; or 
ehemalige 
Beziehung 
zwischen 
dem 
betreffenden 
Gläubiger 
(oder 
einem 
Treuhänder, 
Treugeber, 
Begünstigten, 
Mitglied 
oder 
Gesellschafter 
dieses 
Gläubigers 
oder 
einer 
Person, 
die 
beherrschenden 
Einfluss 
auf 
diesen 
Gläubiger hat) und einer Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion bestehen würde, unter 
anderem in der Form, dass der betreffende 
Gläubiger (bzw. Treuhänder, Treugeber, 
Begünstigte, Mitglied, Gesellschafter oder 
die Person, die solchen Einfluss hat) 
Staatsbürger 
einer 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion ist oder war oder dort 
ansässig ist oder war oder als dort ansässig 
gilt oder galt oder dort ein Gewerbe oder 
eine 
Geschäftstätigkeit 
betreibt 
oder 
betrieben hat oder dort eine Betriebsstätte 
unterhält 
oder 
unterhalten 
hat, 
mit 
Ausnahme von Beziehungen, die allein 
dadurch entstehen, dass ein Gläubiger eine 
Schuldverschreibung erwirbt, hält oder 
veräußert bzw. eine Zahlung darunter oder 
in Bezug auf diese erhält oder Ansprüche 
darauf geltend macht; oder 
(c) payments to, or to a third party on behalf of, 
a Holder where no such withholding or 
deduction would have been required to be 
made if the Notes were credited at the time 
of payment to a securities deposit account 
with a bank, financial services institution, 
securities trading business or securities 
trading bank, in each case outside the 
Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction; or 
 
(c) Zahlungen an den Gläubiger oder an einen 
Dritten für den Gläubiger, falls kein 
Einbehalt oder Abzug hätte erfolgen 
müssen, wenn die Schuldverschreibung zum 
Zeitpunkt der fraglichen Zahlung einem 
Depotkonto bei einer bzw. einem nicht in 
der 
Relevanten 
Steuerjurisdiktion 
ansässigen 
Bank, 
Finanzdienstleistungsinstitut, 
Wert-
papierhandelsunternehmen oder Wertpa-
pierhandelsbank gutgeschrieben gewesen 
wäre; oder 
(d) payments where such withholding or 
deduction is imposed pursuant to (i) any 
European Union Directive or Regulation 
concerning the taxation of savings, or (ii) 
any international treaty or understanding 
relating to such taxation and to which the 
Relevant 
Taxing 
Jurisdiction 
or 
the 
European Union is a party/are parties, or (iii) 
any provision of law implementing, or 
complying with, or introduced to conform 
with, such Directive, Regulation, treaty or 
understanding, or (iv) the Luxembourg law 
of 23 December 2005; or 
 
(d) falls der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß (i) 
einer Richtlinie oder Verordnung der 
Europäischen Union zur Zinsbesteuerung 
oder (ii) einem internationalen Abkommen 
oder Übereinkommen zu einer solchen 
Besteuerung, 
bei 
dem die 
Relevante 
Steuerjurisdiktion oder die Europäische 
Union Parteien sind, oder (iii) einem diese 
Richtlinie oder Verordnung oder dieses 
Abkommen oder Übereinkommen um-
setzenden oder sie befolgenden oder zu ihrer 
Befolgung erlassenen Gesetz, oder (iv) dem 
Luxemburger Gesetz vom 23. Dezember 
2005 erhoben wird; oder  
(e) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who could lawfully mitigate (but has 
not so mitigated) such withholding or 
 
(e) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger zahlbar ist, der einen solchen 
Einbehalt 
oder 
Abzug 
dadurch

--- Page 155 ---
155 
 
deduction by complying or procuring that 
any third party complies with any statutory 
requirements or by making or procuring that 
a third party makes a declaration of non-
residence or other similar claim for 
exemption to any tax authority in the place 
where the payment is effected; or  
rechtmäßigerweise hätte vermindern können 
(aber nicht vermindert hat), dass er 
gesetzliche Vorschriften beachtet, oder 
dafür sorgt, dass Dritte dieses tun, oder 
dadurch 
dass 
er 
eine 
Nicht-
ansässigkeitserklärung oder einen ähnlichen 
Antrag 
auf 
Quellensteuerbefreiung 
gegenüber der am Zahlungsort zuständigen 
Steuerbehörde; abgibt oder dafür sorgt, dass 
dies durch einen Dritten erfolgt, oder 
(f) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is payable by or on behalf of a 
Holder who would have been able to 
mitigate such withholding or deduction by 
effecting a payment via another Paying 
Agent in a Member State of the European 
Union, not obliged to withhold or deduct 
tax; or 
 
(f) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug von dem 
Gläubiger oder von einem Dritten für den 
Gläubiger vorzunehmen ist, der einen 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug durch die 
Bewirkung einer Zahlung über eine andere 
Zahlstelle in einem Mitgliedsstaat der 
Europäischen Union, welche nicht zu einem 
solchen Einbehalt oder Abzug verpflichtet 
ist, hätte vermindern können; oder 
(g) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is for or on account of the 
presentation by the Holder of any Note for 
payment on a date more than 30 days after 
the date on which such payment became due 
and payable or the date on which payment 
thereof is duly provided for, whichever 
occurs later; or  
 
(g) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug für einen 
Gläubiger 
oder 
dessen 
Rechnung 
vorzunehmen 
ist, 
der 
Schuld-
verschreibungen mehr als 30 Tage nach dem 
Tag, an dem eine Zahlung unter den 
Schuldverschreibungen fällig und zahlbar 
wurde bzw., soweit dies später eintritt, nach 
dem 
Tag, 
an 
dem 
die 
Zahlung 
ordnungsgemäß 
vorgenommen 
wurde, 
vorgelegt hat; oder  
(h) payments to the extent such withholding or 
deduction is required pursuant to Sections 
1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the 
Internal Revenue Code), any current or 
future regulations or official interpretations 
thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant 
to Section 1471(b) of the Internal Revenue 
Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, 
rules or practices adopted pursuant to any 
intergovernmental agreement entered into in 
connection with the implementation of such 
Sections of the Internal Revenue Code; or 
 
(h) soweit der Einbehalt oder Abzug gemäß §§ 
1471 bis 1474 des U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code von 1986 in seiner jeweils gültigen 
Fassung (der Internal Revenue Code), jeder 
gegenwärtigen 
oder 
zukünftigen 
Verordnung oder offiziellen Auslegung 
davon, jeder Vereinbarung, die gemäß 
§ 1471(b) des Internal Revenue Codes 
eingegangen wurde oder jeder steuerlichen 
oder regulatorischen Gesetzgebung, sowie 
steuerlichen und regulatorischen Gesetzen 
oder Vorgehensweisen, die nach einem 
völkerrechtlichen 
Vertrag, 
der 
zur 
Umsetzung der Bestimmungen des Internal 
Revenue 
Codes 
geschlossen 
wurde, 
vorzunehmen ist; oder 
(i) any combination of items (a)-(h); 
 
(i) jegliche Kombination der Absätze (a)-(h). 
nor shall any Additional Amounts be paid with 
respect to any payment on a Note to a Holder who 
is a fiduciary or partnership or who is otherwise 
not the sole beneficial owner of such payment, to 
the extent such payment would be required by the 
laws of the Relevant Taxing Jurisdiction(s) to be 
included in the income, for tax purposes, of a 
 
Zudem werden keine Zusätzlichen Beträge im 
Hinblick 
auf 
Zahlungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen an einen Gläubiger 
gezahlt, welcher die Zahlung als Treuhänder oder 
Personengesellschaft oder als sonstiger nicht 
alleiniger wirtschaftlicher Eigentümer erhält, 
soweit nach den Gesetzen der Relevanten

--- Page 156 ---
156 
 
beneficiary or settlor with respect to such 
fiduciary or a member of such partnership or a 
beneficial owner who would not have been 
entitled to such Additional Amounts had such 
beneficiary, settlor, member or beneficial owner 
been the Holder of the Note.] 
Steuerjurisdiktion(en) eine solche Zahlung für 
Steuerzwecke dem Einkommen des Begünstigten 
bzw. Gründers eines Treuhandvermögens oder 
dem Gesellschafter der Personengesellschaft 
zugerechnet würde, der jeweils selbst nicht zum 
Erhalt von Zusätzlichen Beträgen berechtigt 
gewesen wäre, wenn der Begünstigte, Gründer 
eines Treuhandvermögens, Gesellschafter oder 
wirtschaftliche 
Eigentümer 
unmittelbarer 
Gläubiger der Schuldverschreibungen wäre.] 
For the avoidance of doubt: No Additional 
Amounts will be paid with respect to German 
Kapitalertragsteuer (including Abgeltungsteuer) 
to be deducted or withheld pursuant to the 
German Income Tax Act, even if the deduction or 
withholding has to be made by the Issuer or its 
representative, and the German Solidarity 
Surcharge (Solidaritätszuschlag) or any other tax 
which 
may 
substitute 
the 
German 
Kapitalertragsteuer or Solidaritätszuschlag, as 
the case may be. 
 
Zur Klarstellung: Keine Zusätzlichen Beträge 
werden gezahlt in Bezug auf die deutsche 
Kapitalertragsteuer 
(inklusive 
der 
sog. 
Abgeltungsteuer), die nach dem deutschen 
Einkommensteuergesetz 
abgezogen 
oder 
einbehalten wird, auch wenn der Abzug oder 
Einbehalt durch die Emittentin oder ihren 
Vertreter vorzunehmen ist, und den deutschen 
Solidaritätszuschlag oder jede andere Steuer, 
welche die deutsche Kapitalertragsteuer bzw. den 
Solidaritätszuschlag ersetzen sollte. 
§ 8 
(PRESENTATION PERIOD) 
 
§ 8 
(VORLEGUNGSFRIST) 
The 
presentation 
period 
provided 
in 
§ 801 
paragraph 1, sentence 1 BGB (German Civil Code) is 
reduced to ten years for the Notes. 
 
Die in § 801 Absatz 1 Satz 1 BGB bestimmte 
Vorlegungsfrist 
wird 
für 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen auf zehn Jahre verkürzt. 
§ 9 
(EVENTS OF DEFAULT) 
 
§ 9 
(KÜNDIGUNG) 
(1) Events of default. 
 
(1) Kündigungsgründe. 
Each Holder shall be entitled to declare due and 
payable by notice to the Fiscal Agent its entire 
claims arising from the Notes and demand 
immediate redemption thereof at the principal 
amount together with accrued interest (if any) to 
(but excluding) the date of repayment, in the 
event that: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, seine sämtlichen 
Forderungen aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
durch Kündigung gegenüber der Emissionsstelle 
fällig 
zu 
stellen 
und 
die 
unverzügliche 
Rückzahlung 
zum 
Nennbetrag, 
zuzüglich 
etwaiger bis zum Tag der Rückzahlung 
(ausschließlich) 
aufgelaufener 
Zinsen 
zu 
verlangen, falls: 
(a) the Issuer fails to pay principal or interest 
under the Notes within 15 days from the 
relevant due date, or 
 
(a) die 
Emittentin 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kapital oder Zinsen 
nicht innerhalb von 15 Tagen nach dem 
betreffenden Fälligkeitstag zahlt; oder 
(b) the Issuer fails to duly perform any other 
material obligation arising from the Notes 
and such failure continues unremedied for 
more than 60 days after the Fiscal Agent has 
received a request thereof in the manner set 
forth in § 9(3) from a Holder to perform 
such obligation; or 
 
(b) die 
Emittentin 
die 
ordnungsgemäße 
Erfüllung irgendeiner anderen wesentlichen 
Verpflichtung 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen unterlässt und die 
Unterlassung jeweils länger als 60 Tage 
fortdauert, nachdem die Emissionsstelle 
eine Aufforderung in der in 
§ 9(3) 
vorgesehenen Art und Weise von dem 
Gläubiger erhalten hat, die Verpflichtung zu 
erfüllen; oder

--- Page 157 ---
157 
 
(c) any Capital Market Indebtedness in excess 
of EUR [50,000,000] or the equivalent 
thereof of the Issuer or any Material 
Subsidiary becomes prematurely repayable 
as a result of the exercise of a termination 
right for cause due to an event of default 
(however described) in respect of the terms 
thereof, 
 
(c) eine Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit in Höhe 
oder im Gegenwert von mehr als EUR 
[50.000.000] der Emittentin oder einer 
Wesentlichen Tochtergesellschaft vorzeitig 
zahlbar 
wird 
als 
Folge 
einer 
außerordentlichen Kündigung (wie auch 
immer definiert) auf Grundlage des dieser 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
zugrunde 
liegenden Vertrags  
or the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary fails 
to fulfill any payment obligation in excess of 
[EUR 50,000,000] or the equivalent thereof 
under any Capital Market Indebtedness or 
under any guarantees or suretyships given 
for any Capital Market Indebtedness of 
others within 30 days from its due date or, in 
the case of such guarantee or suretyship, 
within 30 days of such guarantee or 
suretyship being invoked, unless the Issuer 
or the relevant Material Subsidiary contests 
in good faith that such payment obligation 
exists or is due or that such guarantee or 
suretyship has been validly invoked or if a 
security granted therefor is enforced on 
behalf of or by the creditor(s) entitled 
thereto; or  
 
oder die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
eine 
Zahlungsver-
pflichtung in Höhe oder im Gegenwert 
von mehr als [EUR 50.000.000] aus einer 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeit 
oder 
aufgrund einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie, 
die 
für 
Kapitalmarktverbindlichkeiten 
Dritter gegeben wurde, nicht innerhalb von 
30 Tagen nach ihrer Fälligkeit bzw. im Fall 
einer Bürgschaft oder Garantie nicht 
innerhalb 
von 
30 
Tagen 
nach 
Inanspruchnahme aus dieser Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie erfüllt, es sei denn, die 
Emittentin oder die betreffende Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft bestreitet in gutem 
Glauben, dass diese Zahlungsverpflichtung 
besteht oder fällig ist bzw. diese Bürgschaft 
oder Garantie berechtigterweise geltend 
gemacht wird, oder falls eine für solche 
Verbindlichkeiten bestellte Sicherheit für 
die oder von den daraus berechtigten 
Gläubiger(n) in Anspruch genommen 
wird; oder 
 
 
 
(d) the Issuer or any Material Subsidiary 
announces its inability to meet its financial 
obligations or ceases its payments generally; 
or  
 
(d) die Emittentin oder eine Wesentliche 
Tochtergesellschaft 
ihre 
Zahlungsunfähigkeit bekannt gibt oder ihre 
Zahlungen einstellt; oder  
(e) a court opens insolvency proceedings 
against the Issuer and such proceedings are 
instituted and have not been discharged or 
stayed within 90 days, or the Issuer applies 
for or institutes such proceedings; or  
 
(e) ein Gericht ein Insolvenzverfahren gegen 
die Emittentin eröffnet, und ein solches 
Verfahren eingeleitet und nicht innerhalb 
von 90 Tagen aufgehoben oder ausgesetzt 
worden ist, oder die Emittentin die 
Eröffnung 
eines 
solchen 
Verfahrens 
beantragt oder einleitet; oder 
(f) the Issuer enters into liquidation unless this 
is done in connection with a merger or other 
form of combination with another company 
and such company assumes all obligations 
contracted by the Issuer in connection with 
the Notes.  
 
(f) die Emittentin in Liquidation tritt, es sei 
denn, dies geschieht im Zusammenhang mit 
einer Verschmelzung oder einer anderen 
Form des Zusammenschlusses mit einer 
anderen Gesellschaft und die andere oder 
neue 
Gesellschaft 
übernimmt 
alle 
Verpflichtungen, die die Emittentin im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen ist.

--- Page 158 ---
158 
 
(2) No Termination. 
 
(2) Keine Kündigung. 
The right to declare Notes due shall terminate if 
the situation giving rise to it has been cured 
before the right is exercised. 
 
Das 
Kündigungsrecht 
erlischt, 
falls 
der 
Kündigungsgrund vor Ausübung des Rechts 
geheilt wurde. 
(3) Notice. 
 
(3) Kündigungserklärung. 
Any default notice in accordance with § 9(1) 
shall be made at least in text form (section 126b 
of the German Civil Code, Bürgerliches 
Gesetzbuch) to the specified office of the Fiscal 
Agent together with evidence by means of a 
certificate of the Holder's Custodian (as defined 
in § [13][14](3)) that such Holder, at the time of 
such notice, is a holder of the relevant Notes. 
 
Eine Kündigungserklärung gemäß § 9(1) hat in 
der Weise zu erfolgen, dass der Gläubiger bei der 
angegebenen Geschäftsstelle der Emissionsstelle 
eine entsprechende Erklärung zumindest in 
Textform (§ 126b Bürgerliches Gesetzbuch) 
übergibt und dabei durch eine Bescheinigung 
seiner 
Depotbank 
(wie 
in 
§ [13][14](3) 
definiert) nachweist, dass er die betreffenden 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zum 
Zeitpunkt der 
Erklärung hält. 
(4) Quorum. 
 
(4) Quorum. 
In the events specified in subparagraph § 9(1)(b) 
and/or § 9(1)(c), any notice declaring Notes due 
shall, unless at the time such notice is received 
any of the events specified in subparagraph 
§ 9(1)(a), and § 9(1)(d) through § 9(1)(f) entitling 
Holders to declare their Notes due has occurred, 
become effective only when the Fiscal Agent has 
received such default notices from the Holders 
representing at least 15% of the aggregate 
principal amount of Notes then outstanding. 
 
In den Fällen gemäß Absatz § 9(1)(b), und/oder 
§ 9(1)(c) 
wird 
eine 
Kündigungserklärung, 
sofern nicht bei deren Eingang zugleich einer 
der in Absatz § 9(1)(a) und § 9(1)(d) bis § 9(1)(f) 
bezeichneten Kündigungsgründe vorliegt, erst 
wirksam, 
wenn 
bei 
der 
Emissionsstelle 
Kündigungserklärungen von Gläubigern im 
Nennbetrag 
von 
mindestens 
15 
% 
des 
Gesamtnennbetrages der zu diesem Zeitpunkt 
noch 
insgesamt 
ausstehenden 
Schuldverschreibungen eingegangen sind. 
§ 10 
(SUBSTITUTION) 
 
§ 10 
(ERSETZUNG) 
(1) Substitution. 
 
(1) Ersetzung 
The Issuer (or the Substitute Debtor) may, 
without the consent of the Holders, if no payment 
of principal or of interest or any other amount in 
respect of the Notes is in default, at any time 
substitute for the Issuer any company of which 
more than 90% of the voting shares or other 
equity interests are directly or indirectly owned 
by the Issuer as principal debtor in respect of all 
obligations arising from or in connection with the 
Notes (the Substitute Debtor) provided that: 
 
Die Emittentin (oder die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
ist jederzeit berechtigt, sofern sie sich nicht mit 
einer Zahlung von Kapital oder Zinsen oder einer 
anderen Zahlung aus den Schuldverschreibungen 
in Verzug befindet, ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
jede 
Gesellschaft, 
deren 
stimmberechtigte Gesellschaftsanteile zu mehr 
als 90 % direkt oder indirekt von der Emittentin 
gehalten werden, an Stelle der Emittentin als 
Hauptschuldnerin (die Nachfolgeschuldnerin) 
für 
alle 
Verpflichtungen 
aus 
und 
im 
Zusammenhang mit dieser Emission einzusetzen, 
vorausgesetzt, dass: 
(a) the 
Substitute 
Debtor 
assumes 
all 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the 
Notes; 
 
(a) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
Verpflichtungen der Emittentin in Bezug auf 
die Schuldverschreibungen übernimmt; 
(b) the Substitute Debtor has obtained all 
necessary governmental authorisations and 
may transfer to the Principal Paying Agent 
in the Specified Currency and without being 
obligated to deduct or withhold any taxes or 
other duties of whatever nature levied by the 
 
(b) die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
alle 
erforderlichen 
behördlichen 
Genehmigungen erhalten hat und berechtigt 
ist, an die Hauptzahlstelle die zur Erfüllung 
der 
Zahlungsverpflichtungen 
auf 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
zu 
zahlenden

--- Page 159 ---
159 
 
country in which the Substitute Debtor or 
the Issuer has its domicile or tax residence, 
all amounts required for the fulfilment of the 
payment obligations arising under the 
Notes; 
Beträge in der Festgelegten Währung zu 
zahlen, ohne verpflichtet zu sein, jeweils in 
dem Land, in dem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
oder die Emittentin ihren Sitz oder 
Steuersitz haben, erhobene Steuern oder 
andere Abgaben jeder Art abzuziehen oder 
einzubehalten; 
(c) the Substitute Debtor has agreed to 
indemnify and hold harmless each Holder 
against any tax, duty, assessment or 
governmental charge imposed on such 
Holder as a result of such substitution; 
 
(c) die Nachfolgeschuldnerin sich verpflichtet 
hat, jeden Gläubiger hinsichtlich solcher 
Steuern, Abgaben oder behördlichen Lasten 
freizustellen, die einem Gläubiger infolge 
der Ersetzung auferlegt werden; 
(d) the Issuer irrevocably and unconditionally 
guarantees in favour of each Holder the 
payment of all sums payable by the 
Substitute Debtor in respect of the Notes; 
 
(d) die 
Emittentin 
unwiderruflich 
und 
unbedingt gegenüber den Gläubigern die 
Zahlung aller von der Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlenden 
Beträge garantiert; 
(e) no event would occur as a result of the 
substitution that would give rise to the right 
of the Substitute Debtor to call the Notes for 
redemption pursuant to § 5(2); and 
 
(e) aufgrund der Ersetzung kein Ereignis 
eintreten 
würde, 
welches 
die 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
dazu 
berechtigen 
würde, die Schuldverschreibung gemäß 
§ 5(2) zu kündigen und zurückzuzahlen; und 
(f) there will have been delivered to the 
Principal Paying Agent an opinion or 
opinions with respect to the relevant 
jurisdictions of lawyers of recognised 
standing to the effect that the provisions of 
this § 10(1) above have been satisfied. 
 
(f) der Hauptzahlstelle jeweils ein oder mehrere 
Rechtsgutachten bezüglich der betroffenen 
Rechtsordnungen 
von 
anerkannten 
Rechtsanwälten vorgelegt werden, das 
bestätigt bzw. die bestätigen, dass die 
Bestimmungen in diesem § 10(1) erfüllt 
wurden. 
(2) References. 
 
(2) Bezugnahmen. 
In the event of a substitution pursuant to § 10(1), 
any reference in these Terms and Conditions to 
the Issuer will be a reference to the Substitute 
Debtor and any reference to the Federal Republic 
of Germany will be a reference to the Substitute 
Debtor's country (countries) of domicile for tax 
purposes. For the avoidance of doubt this will 
apply only to the extent that the meaning and 
purpose of the relevant condition does not require 
that the relevant reference will continue to be a 
reference only to Infineon Technologies AG (i.e. 
in particular in relation to § 5(4) (Change of 
Control Event), or that the reference will be to the 
Substitute Debtor and Infineon Technologies 
AG, in relation to Infineon Technologies AG's 
obligations under the guarantee pursuant to 
§ 10(1)(d), at the same time).  
 
Im Fall einer Schuldnerersetzung gemäß § 10(1) 
gilt 
jede 
Bezugnahme 
in 
diesen 
Anleihebedingungen auf die Emittentin als eine 
solche auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und jede 
Bezugnahme 
auf 
die 
Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland als eine solche auf den Staat (die 
Staaten), in welchem die Nachfolgeschuldnerin 
steuerlich ansässig ist. Klarstellend sei erwähnt, 
dass dies nur gilt, soweit sich nicht aus Sinn und 
Zweck der jeweiligen Bedingung ergibt, dass die 
Bezugnahme entweder weiterhin nur auf die 
Infineon Technologies AG erfolgen soll (also 
insbesondere 
im 
Hinblick 
auf 
§ 5(4) 
(Kontrollwechsel-Ereignis), 
oder 
dass 
die 
Bezugnahme auf die Nachfolgeschuldnerin und 
gleichzeitig auch auf die Infineon Technologies 
AG, im Hinblick auf deren Verpflichtungen aus 
der Garantie gemäß § 10(1)(d), erfolgen soll).  
(3) Notice and Effectiveness of Substitution. 
 
(3) Bekanntmachung 
und 
Wirksamwerden 
der 
Ersetzung. 
Notice of any substitution of the Issuer will be 
given by publication in accordance with § 12. 
 
Die Ersetzung der Emittentin ist gemäß § 12 
bekannt zu machen. Mit der Bekanntmachung der

--- Page 160 ---
160 
 
Upon such publication, the substitution will 
become effective, and the Issuer and in the event 
of a repeated application of this § 10, any 
previous Substitute Debtor will be discharged 
from any and all obligations under the Notes. 
Ersetzung wird die Ersetzung wirksam und die 
Emittentin und im Falle einer wiederholten 
Anwendung 
dieses 
§ 10 
jede 
frühere 
Nachfolgeschuldnerin von ihren sämtlichen 
Verbindlichkeiten 
aus 
den 
Schuldverschreibungen frei. 
§ 11 
(FURTHER ISSUES) 
 
§ 11 
(BEGEBUNG WEITERER 
SCHULDVERSCHREIBUNGEN) 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the 
consent of the Holders, create and issue further 
Notes having the same terms and conditions as 
the Notes of this series in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the issue date, interest 
commencement date and/or the issue price) so as 
to form a single series with the Notes of this 
series. 
 
Die Emittentin kann ohne Zustimmung der 
Gläubiger 
weitere 
Schuldverschreibungen 
begeben, die in jeder Hinsicht (gegebenenfalls 
mit Ausnahme des Tags der Begebung, des 
Zinslaufbeginns und/oder des Ausgabepreises) 
die 
gleichen 
Bedingungen 
wie 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen dieser Anleihe haben und 
die zusammen mit den Schuldverschreibungen 
dieser Anleihe eine einheitliche Gesamtemission 
bilden. 
§ 12 
(NOTICES) 
 
§ 12 
(MITTEILUNGEN) 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on the 
official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
and admitted to trading on the regulated market 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the 
following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im 
amtlichen 
Kursblatt 
(official 
list) 
der 
Luxemburger Börse notiert und zum Handel am 
regulierten Markt der Luxemburger Börse 
zugelassen sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
As long as the Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (and as long as the 
rules and regulations of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange so require), all notices concerning the 
Notes will be made by means of electronic 
publication on the internet website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Any notice will be deemed to have been validly 
given on the third day following the date of such 
publication (or, if published more than once, on 
the third day following the date of the first such 
publication). 
 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind (und die 
Vorschriften der Luxemburger Börse dies 
verlangen), sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) zu 
veröffentlichen. Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit 
dem 
dritten 
Tag 
nach 
dem 
Tag 
der 
Veröffentlichung 
(oder 
bei 
mehreren 
Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten Tag nach 
dem Tag der ersten solchen Veröffentlichung) als 
wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on the official list 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted 
to trading on the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, subparagraph (1) 
shall apply. If the Rules of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange otherwise so permit, the Issuer may 
deliver the relevant notice to the Clearing System 
for communication by the Clearing System to the 
Holders, in lieu of publication as set forth in 
subparagraph (1) above; any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given on the seventh day 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen im amtlichen 
Kursblatt (official list) der Luxemburger Börse 
notiert und zum Handel am regulierten Markt der 
Luxemburger Börse zugelassen sind, sind alle die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 bekanntzumachen. 
Soweit die Regeln der Luxemburger Börse dies 
zulassen, 
kann 
die 
Emittentin 
eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede

--- Page 161 ---
161 
 
after the day on which the said notice was given 
to the Clearing System.]  
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are listed on another 
stock exchange the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die an 
einer anderen Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Publication. 
 
(1) Bekanntmachung. 
All notices concerning the Notes will be made by 
means of electronic publication on the internet 
website of the stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes, 
as long as the Notes are listed on such stock 
exchange and if the rules of such stock exchange 
so permit. Any such notice will be deemed to 
have been validly given on the third day 
following the date of such publication (or, if 
published more than once, on the third day 
following the date of the first such publication). 
 
Alle die Schuldverschreibungen betreffenden 
Mitteilungen sind auf der Internetseite der Börse, 
an der die Emittentin das Listing der Notes 
veranlasst hat zu veröffentlichen, solange die 
Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse notiert 
sind und die Regeln dieser Börse dies zulassen. 
Jede derartige Mitteilung gilt mit dem dritten Tag 
nach dem Tag der Veröffentlichung (oder bei 
mehreren Veröffentlichungen mit dem dritten 
Tag nach dem Tag der ersten solchen 
Veröffentlichung) als wirksam erfolgt. 
(2) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(2) Mitteilungen an das Clearingsystem. 
So long as any Notes are listed on such a stock 
exchange, subparagraph (1) shall apply. If the 
rules of such stock exchange otherwise so permit, 
the Issuer may deliver the relevant notice to the 
Clearing System for communication by the 
Clearing System to the Holders, in lieu of 
publication as set forth in subparagraph (1) 
above; any such notice shall be deemed to have 
been given on the seventh day after the day on 
which the said notice was given to the Clearing 
System.] 
 
Solange Schuldverschreibungen an dieser Börse 
notiert sind, sind alle die Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden Mitteilungen gemäß Absatz 1 
bekanntzumachen. Soweit die Regeln dieser 
Börse dies zulassen, kann die Emittentin eine 
Veröffentlichung nach Absatz 1 durch eine 
Mitteilung 
an 
das 
Clearing 
System 
zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger ersetzen; jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes which are unlisted the 
following applies:  
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht 
an einer Börse notiert sind, ist folgendes 
anwendbar: 
(1) Notification to Clearing System. 
 
(1) Mitteilungen an das Clearing System. 
The Issuer will deliver all notices to the Clearing 
System for communication by the Clearing 
System to the Holders. Any such notice shall be 
deemed to have been given to the Holders on the 
seventh day after the day on which the said notice 
was given to the Clearing System.] 
 
Die 
Emittentin 
wird 
alle 
die 
Schuldverschreibungen 
betreffenden 
Mitteilungen an das Clearing System zur 
Weiterleitung an die Gläubiger übermitteln. Jede 
derartige Mitteilung gilt am siebten Tag nach 
dem Tag der Mitteilung an das Clearing System 
als den Gläubigern mitgeteilt.] 
[In the case of Notes that provide for Resolutions of 
Holders the following applies: 
 
[Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die Beschlüsse 
der Gläubiger vorsehen, ist folgendes anwendbar: 
§ 13 
AMENDMENTS TO THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTION, JOINT 
REPRESENTATIVE  
 
§ 13 
ÄNDERUNG DER EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
DURCH BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER; 
GEMEINSAMER VERTRETER  
(1) Majority Resolutions pursuant to the German Act 
on Issues of Debt Securities. 
 
(1) Mehrheitsbeschlüsse 
nach 
dem 
Schuldverschreibungsgesetz. 
The Issuer may agree with the Holders on 
amendments to the Terms and Conditions by 
 
Die Emittentin kann mit den Gläubigern gemäß 
§§ 5 ff. des Gesetzes über Schuldverschreibungen

--- Page 162 ---
162 
 
virtue of a majority resolution of the Holders 
pursuant to § 5 et seqq. of the German Act on 
Issues 
of 
Debt 
Securities 
(Gesetz 
über 
Schuldverschreibungen aus Gesamtemissionen – 
SchVG), as amended from time to time. In 
particular, 
the 
Holders 
may 
consent 
to 
amendments which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, including 
such measures as provided for under § 5 para. 3 
of the SchVG by resolutions passed by such 
majority of the votes of the Holders as stated 
under § 13(2) below. A duly passed majority 
resolution shall be binding equally upon all 
Holders. 
aus 
Gesamtemissionen 
(Schuldverschreibungsgesetz – SchVG) in seiner 
jeweils geltenden Fassung Änderungen der 
Anleihebedingungen durch Mehrheitsbeschluss 
der Gläubiger vereinbaren. Insbesondere können 
die Gläubiger durch Beschluss mit der in § 13(2) 
genannten Mehrheit Änderungen zustimmen, 
durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt der 
Anleihebedingungen 
geändert 
wird, 
einschließlich der in § 5 Abs. 3 SchVG 
genannten Maßnahmen. Ein ordnungsgemäß 
gefasster 
Mehrheitsbeschluss 
ist 
für 
alle 
Gläubiger gleichermaßen verbindlich. 
(2) Qualified Majority. 
 
(2) Qualifizierte Mehrheit. 
Except as provided by the following sentence and 
provided that the quorum requirements are being 
met, the Holders may pass resolutions by simple 
majority of the voting rights participating in the 
vote. Resolutions which materially change the 
substance of the Terms and Conditions, in 
particular in the cases of § 5 para. 3 numbers 1 
through 9 of the SchVG, or relating to material 
other matters may only be passed by a majority 
of at least 75% of the voting rights participating 
in the vote (a Qualified Majority). 
 
Vorbehaltlich der Bestimmungen des folgenden 
Satzes und der Erreichung der erforderlichen 
Beschlussfähigkeit 
können 
die 
Gläubiger 
Beschlüsse mit der einfachen Mehrheit der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte fassen. 
Beschlüsse, durch welche der wesentliche Inhalt 
der 
Anleihebedingungen 
geändert 
wird, 
insbesondere in den Fällen des § 5 Abs. 3 Nr. 1 
bis 9 SchVG, oder sonstige wesentliche 
Maßnahmen beschlossen werden, dürfen nur mit 
einer Mehrheit von mindestens 75 % der an der 
Abstimmung teilnehmenden Stimmrechte (eine 
Qualifizierte Mehrheit) gefasst werden. 
(3) Voting. 
 
(3) Abstimmung. 
The Holders may pass resolutions in a meeting 
(Gläubigerversammlung) in accordance with § 5 
et seqq. of the SchVG or by means of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
(Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung) in accordance with § 18 and § 5 et 
seqq. of the SchVG. 
 
Die Gläubiger können Beschlüsse in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gemäß §§ 5 ff. SchVG 
oder 
im 
Wege 
einer 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 18 und § 5 ff. SchVG 
fassen. 
(4) Holders' Meeting. 
 
(4) Gläubigerversammlung. 
If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by 
means of a meeting the convening notice 
(Einberufung) will provide for further details 
relating to the resolutions and the voting 
procedure. The subject matter of the vote as well 
as the proposed resolutions shall be notified to the 
Holders together with the convening notice. 
Attendance at the meeting and exercise of voting 
rights is subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the meeting. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of a Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4) hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger in einer 
Gläubigerversammlung gefasst werden, enthält 
die Bekanntmachung der Einberufung nähere 
Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Gläubigern 
mit 
der 
Bekanntmachung 
der 
Einberufung bekannt gemacht. Die Teilnahme an 
der Gläubigerversammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
Gläubigerversammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen

--- Page 163 ---
163 
 
and including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the stated end of the 
meeting. 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis 
zum 
angegebenen 
Ende 
der 
Gläubigerversammlung (einschließlich) nicht 
übertragbar sind, nachweisen. 
(5) Passing Resolutions without Holders' Meeting. 
 
(5) Beschlussfassung ohne Versammlung. 
If resolutions of the Holders shall be made by 
means of a vote without a meeting the request for 
voting (Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe) will 
provide for further details relating to the 
resolutions and the voting procedure. The subject 
matter of the vote as well as the proposed 
resolutions shall be notified to the Holders 
together with the request for voting. The exercise 
of voting rights is subject to the Holders' 
registration. The registration must be received at 
the address stated in the request for voting no 
later than the third day preceding the beginning 
of the voting period. As part of the registration, 
Holders must demonstrate their eligibility to 
participate in the vote by means of a special 
confirmation of a Custodian in accordance with 
§ 14(4) hereof in text form and by submission of 
a blocking instruction by the Custodian stating 
that the relevant Notes are not transferable from 
and including the day such registration has been 
sent until and including the day the voting period 
ends. 
 
Falls Beschlüsse der Gläubiger im Wege einer 
Abstimmung ohne Versammlung gefasst werden, 
enthält die Aufforderung zur Stimmabgabe 
nähere Angaben zu den Beschlüssen und zu den 
Abstimmungsmodalitäten. Die Gegenstände und 
Vorschläge zur Beschlussfassung werden den 
Gläubigern 
mit 
der 
Aufforderung 
zur 
Stimmabgabe bekannt gemacht. Die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte ist von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung muss unter der in der Aufforderung 
zur Stimmabgabe mitgeteilten Adresse spätestens 
am 
dritten 
Tag 
vor 
Beginn 
des 
Abstimmungszeitraums 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis zum letzten Tag des Abstimmungszeitraums 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
(6) Failed Quorum, Second Holders' Meeting. 
 
(6) Mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit, 
zweite 
Versammlung. 
If it is ascertained that no quorum exists for the 
meeting pursuant to § 13(4) or the vote without a 
meeting pursuant to § 13(5), in case of a meeting 
the chairman (Vorsitzender) may convene a 
second meeting in accordance with § 15 para. 3 
sentence 2 of the SchVG or in case of a vote 
without 
a 
meeting 
the 
scrutineer 
(Abstimmungsleiter) may convene a second 
meeting within the meaning of § 15 para. 3 
sentence 3 of the SchVG. Attendance at the 
second meeting and exercise of voting rights is 
subject to the Holders' registration. The 
registration must be received at the address stated 
in the convening notice no later than the third day 
preceding the second meeting. As part of the 
registration, Holders must demonstrate their 
eligibility to participate in the vote by means of a 
special 
confirmation 
of 
a 
Custodian 
in 
accordance with § 14(4) hereof in text form and 
 
Wird für die Gläubigerversammlung gemäß 
§ 13(4) 
oder 
die 
Abstimmung 
ohne 
Versammlung gemäß § 13(5) die mangelnde 
Beschlussfähigkeit festgestellt, kann – im Fall der 
Gläubigerversammlung – der Vorsitzende eine 
zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 Abs. 3 
Satz 2 SchVG und – im Fall der Abstimmung 
ohne Versammlung – der Abstimmungsleiter 
eine zweite Versammlung im Sinne von § 15 
Abs. 3 Satz 3 SchVG einberufen. Die Teilnahme 
an der zweiten Versammlung und die Ausübung 
der Stimmrechte sind von einer vorherigen 
Anmeldung 
der 
Gläubiger 
abhängig. 
Die 
Anmeldung 
muss 
unter 
der 
in 
der 
Bekanntmachung der Einberufung mitgeteilten 
Adresse spätestens am dritten Tag vor der 
zweiten 
Versammlung 
zugehen. 
Mit 
der 
Anmeldung 
müssen 
die 
Gläubiger 
ihre 
Berechtigung zur Teilnahme an der Abstimmung

--- Page 164 ---
164 
 
by submission of a blocking instruction by the 
Custodian stating that the relevant Notes are not 
transferable from and including the day such 
registration has been sent until and including the 
stated end of the meeting. 
durch einen in Textform erstellten besonderen 
Nachweis einer Depotbank gemäß § 14(4) und 
durch 
Vorlage 
eines 
Sperrvermerks 
der 
Depotbank, aus dem hervorgeht, dass die 
betreffenden Schuldverschreibungen ab dem Tag 
der Absendung der Anmeldung (einschließlich) 
bis zum angegebenen Ende der Versammlung 
(einschließlich) 
nicht 
übertragbar 
sind, 
nachweisen. 
(7) Holders' representative. 
 
(7) Gemeinsamer Vertreter. 
[If no Holders' Representative is designated in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes the 
following applies: The Holders may by majority 
resolution provide for the appointment or 
dismissal of a joint representative (the Holders' 
Representative), the duties and responsibilities 
and the powers of such Holders' Representative, 
the transfer of the rights of the Holders to the 
Holders' Representative and a limitation of 
liability of the Holders' Representative. § 13(2) to 
(6) do also apply to the resolution regarding the 
appointment of a Holders' Representative. 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative may 
only be passed by a Qualified Majority if such 
Holders' Representative is to be authorized to 
consent, in accordance with § 13(2) hereof, to a 
material change in the substance of the Terms and 
Conditions or other material matters.]  
 
[Im Fall, dass kein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in 
den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmt 
ist, 
ist 
folgendes anwendbar: Die Gläubiger können 
durch Mehrheitsbeschluss einen gemeinsamen 
Vertreter der Gläubiger (der Gemeinsame 
Vertreter) bestellen oder abberufen, und die 
Pflichten, 
Aufgaben 
und 
Befugnisse 
des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters, die Übertragung der 
Rechte der Gläubiger auf den Gemeinsamen 
Vertreter und eine Beschränkung der Haftung des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters festlegen. § 13(2) bis 
(6) gelten auch für die Beschlussfassung über die 
Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen Vertreters. Der 
Beschluss zur Bestellung eines Gemeinsamen 
Vertreters bedarf einer Qualifizierten Mehrheit, 
wenn der Gemeinsame Vertreter befugt ist, 
Änderungen des wesentlichen Inhalts der 
Anleihebedingungen 
oder 
sonstigen 
wesentlichen 
Maßnahmen 
gemäß 
§ 13(2) 
zuzustimmen.] 
[If the Holders' Representative is appointed in 
the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, the 
following applies: The joint representative (the 
Holders' 
Representative) 
shall 
be 
[name, 
address]. The Holders' Representative shall have 
the duties and responsibilities and powers 
provided for by law. The liability of the Holders' 
Representative shall be limited to ten times the 
amount of its annual remuneration, unless the 
Holders' Representative has acted willfully or 
with gross negligence. The provisions of the 
SchVG apply with respect to the dismissal of the 
Holders' Representative and the other rights and 
obligations of the Holders' Representative.] 
 
[Im Fall, dass ein Gemeinsamer Vertreter in den 
Emissionsbedingungen 
bestimmt 
wird, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
Der 
gemeinsame 
Vertreter (der Gemeinsame Vertreter) ist [Name, 
Adresse]. Der Gemeinsame Vertreter hat die 
Pflichten und Verantwortlichkeiten und Rechte, 
die ihm von Gesetzes wegen zustehen. Die 
Haftung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters ist auf den 
zehnfachen Betrag seiner jährlichen Vergütung 
begrenzt, es sei denn, der Gemeinsame Vertreter 
hat vorsätzlich oder grob fahrlässig gehandelt. 
Die Vorschriften des SchVG gelten im Hinblick 
auf die Abberufung des Gemeinsamen Vertreters 
und die sonstigen Rechte und Pflichten des 
Gemeinsamen Vertreters.] 
(8) Publication. 
 
(8) Bekanntmachung. 
Any notices concerning this § 13 shall be made 
exclusively pursuant to the provisions of the 
SchVG. 
 
Bekanntmachungen 
betreffend 
diesen 
§ 13 
erfolgen 
ausschließlich 
gemäß 
den 
Bestimmungen des SchVG.

--- Page 165 ---
165 
 
(9) Amendment of the Guarantee. 
 
(9) Änderung der Garantie. 
The provisions set out above applicable to the 
amendment of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes shall apply mutatis mutandis to any 
guarantee 
granted 
in 
connection 
with 
a 
substitution of the Issuer. 
 
Die oben aufgeführten auf die Änderung der 
Emissionsbedingungen 
der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
anwendbaren 
Bestimmungen gelten entsprechend für die 
Bestimmungen 
einer 
etwaigen 
im 
Zusammenhang 
mit 
einer 
Ersetzung 
der 
Emittentin gewährten Garantie. 
§ 14 
(FINAL PROVISIONS) 
 
§ 14 
(SCHLUSSBESTIMMUNGEN) 
(1) Applicable Law. 
 
(1) Anzuwendendes Recht. 
The Notes are governed by, and construed in 
accordance with, the laws of the Federal Republic 
of Germany. 
 
Form und Inhalt der Schuldverschreibungen 
bestimmen 
sich 
nach 
dem 
Recht 
der 
Bundesrepublik Deutschland. 
(2) Place of Jurisdiction. 
 
(2) Gerichtsstand. 
Subject to any mandatory jurisdiction for specific 
proceedings under the SchVG, the non-exclusive 
place of jurisdiction for all proceedings arising 
from matters provided for in these Terms and 
Conditions 
will 
be 
Munich. 
The 
Issuer 
irrevocably waives any objection which it might 
now or hereafter have to the courts of Munich 
being nominated as the forum to hear and 
determine any proceedings and to settle any 
disputes and agrees not to claim that any of those 
courts is not a convenient or appropriate forum. 
 
Vorbehaltlich eines zwingend vorgeschriebenen 
Gerichtsstands für bestimmte Verfahren nach 
dem SchVG ist München nicht ausschließlicher 
Gerichtsstand für alle Rechtsstreitigkeiten aus 
den in diesen Emissionsbedingungen geregelten 
Angelegenheiten. Die Emittentin verzichtet 
unwiderruflich auf jede Einrede, die sie jetzt oder 
später dagegen geltend machen könnte, dass die 
zuständigen 
Gerichte 
von 
München 
als 
Gerichtsstand 
für 
die 
Anhörung 
und 
Entscheidung von Verfahren und die Beilegung 
von Rechtsstreitigkeiten benannt sind, und 
verpflichtet sich, keine Rüge der Unzuständigkeit 
gegen eines dieser Gerichte zu erheben. 
(3) Place of Performance. 
 
(3) Erfüllungsort. 
Place of performance will be Munich, Federal 
Republic of Germany. 
 
Erfüllungsort ist München, Bundesrepublik 
Deutschland. 
(4) Enforcement of Rights. 
 
(4) Geltendmachung von Rechten. 
Any Holder may in any proceedings against the 
Issuer or to which the Holder and the Issuer are 
parties protect and enforce in his own name his 
rights arising under the Notes on the basis of: 
 
Jeder Gläubiger ist berechtigt, in jedem 
Rechtsstreit gegen die Emittentin oder in jedem 
Rechtsstreit, in dem der Gläubiger und die 
Emittentin Partei sind, seine Rechte aus den 
Schuldverschreibungen 
im 
eigenen 
Namen 
geltend zu machen gegen Vorlage: 
(a) a certificate issued by his Custodian 
(A) stating the full name and address of the 
Holder, 
(B) specifying 
an 
aggregate 
principal amount of Notes credited on the 
date of such statement to such Holder's 
securities account(s) maintained with his 
Custodian and (C) confirming that his 
Custodian has given a written notice to the 
Clearing System and the Principal Paying 
Agent containing the information specified 
in (A) and (B) and bearing acknow-
ledgements of the Clearing System and the 
 
(a) einer Bescheinigung der Depotbank, die 
(A) den vollen Namen und die volle 
Anschrift 
des 
Gläubigers 
bezeichnet, 
(B) den 
Gesamtnennbetrag 
von 
Schuldverschreibungen angibt, die am 
Ausstellungstag dieser Bescheinigung den 
bei dieser Depotbank bestehenden Depots 
dieses Gläubigers gutgeschrieben sind und 
(C) bestätigt, dass die Depotbank dem 
Clearingsystem und der Hauptzahlstelle eine 
schriftliche Mitteilung gemacht hat, die die 
Angaben gemäß (A) und (B) enthält und 
Bestätigungsvermerke des Clearingsystems

--- Page 166 ---
166 
 
relevant account holder in the Clearing 
System and 
sowie des betroffenen Kontoinhabers bei 
dem Clearingsystem trägt sowie 
(b) a copy of the Global Note relating to the 
Notes, certified as being a true copy by a 
duly authorised officer of the Clearing 
System or the Principal Paying Agent; or 
 
(b) einer von einem Vertretungsberechtigten 
des 
Clearingsystems 
oder 
der 
Hauptzahlstelle bestätigten Ablichtung der 
Globalurkunde; oder 
(c) any other means of evidence permitted in 
legal proceedings in the country of 
enforcement. 
 
(c) eines anderen, in Rechtsstreitigkeiten in dem 
Land 
der 
Geltendmachung 
zulässigen 
Beweismittels. 
"Custodian" means any bank or other financial 
institution with which the Holder maintains a 
securities account in respect of any Notes and 
having an account maintained with the Clearing 
System, including the Clearing System. 
 
"Depotbank" 
bezeichnet 
ein 
Bank- 
oder 
sonstiges Finanzinstitut, bei dem der Gläubiger 
Schuldverschreibungen im Depot verwahren 
lässt und das ein Konto bei dem Clearingsystem 
hat, einschließlich des Clearingsystems. 
§ 15 
(LANGUAGE) 
 
§ 15 
(SPRACHE) 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
German language with an English language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in deutscher 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die englische 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
German language and provided with an English 
language translation. The German text shall be 
controlling and binding. The English language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in deutscher 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
englische Sprache ist beigefügt. Der deutsche 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die englische Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language with a German language 
translation, the following applies: 
 
[Falls die Emissionsbedingungen in englischer 
Sprache mit einer Übersetzung in die deutsche 
Sprache 
abgefasst 
sind, 
ist 
folgendes 
anwendbar: 
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language and provided with German 
language translation. The English text shall be 
controlling and binding. The German language 
translation is provided for convenience only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind in englischer 
Sprache abgefasst. Eine Übersetzung in die 
deutsche Sprache ist beigefügt. Der englische 
Text 
ist 
bindend 
und 
maßgeblich. 
Die 
Übersetzung in die deutsche Sprache ist 
unverbindlich.] 
[If the Terms and Conditions are to be in the 
English language only, the following applies: 
 
[Falls 
die 
Emissionsbedingungen 
ausschließlich in deutscher Sprache abgefasst 
sind, ist folgendes anwendbar:  
These Terms and Conditions are written in the 
English language only.] 
 
Diese Emissionsbedingungen sind ausschließlich 
in deutscher Sprache abgefasst.] 
[If the Notes are publicly offered in whole or in 
part in Germany or distributed in whole or in 
part to non-professional investors in Germany 
with 
English 
language 
Conditions, 
the 
following applies:  
 
 
Eine 
deutsche 
Übersetzung 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen wird bei der Infineon 
Technologies AG, Am Campeon 1-15, 85579

--- Page 167 ---
167 
 
Neubiberg, 
zur 
kostenlosen 
Ausgabe 
bereitgehalten.]

--- Page 168 ---
168 
 
7. 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
In case of Notes admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand Duchy of 
Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
In case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member states of the European 
Economic Area other than Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of Infineon 
(www.infineon.com). 
[EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's 
product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the 
target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. Infineon Technologies AG is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of 
the MiFID Product Governance Rules.]65 [•] 
[EUROPÄISCHER WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM (EWR) MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE 
INVESTOREN 
UND 
GEEIGNETE 
GEGENPARTEIEN 
– 
Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen 
Zielmarkt berücksichtigen] Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt 
(ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein 
Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung 
im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die 
Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. 
Infineon Technologies AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der MiFID Bestimmungen 
zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]66 [•] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) UK MiFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND 
ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, 
the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes 
is eligible counterparties, as defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business 
Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients only, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the 
Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market.] Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. Infineon 
Technologies AG is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the purposes of UK MiFIR.] 67 [●] 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MiFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT 
PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die Zielmarktbestimmung im 
Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens 
[des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass: (i) der Zielmarkt für die Schuldverschreibungen 
ausschließlich geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct 
 
65 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only." 
66 Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". 
67 Include legend in case UK MiFIR target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Professional Investors and Eligible Counterparties only."

--- Page 169 ---
169 
 
Authority – FCA) Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS) und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der 
Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), 
umfasst und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und 
professionelle Kunden angemessen sind. [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen.] Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; jedoch ist ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die VK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) 
unterliegt, dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle zu bestimmen. Infineon Technologies AG ist kein Konzepteur oder 
Vertriebsunternehmen für Zwecke der VK MiFIR.] 68 [●] 
[EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA (EEA) MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, 
PROFESSIONAL INVESTORS AND ECPS TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] 
manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion 
that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, professional clients and retail clients, each as defined 
in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); EITHER69 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are 
appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] OR70 
[(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the 
following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio 
management[,/ and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a Distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking 
its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target 
market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the Distributor's suitability and 
appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as applicable].71 Infineon Technologies AG is not a manufacturer or 
Distributor for the purposes of the MiFID Product Governance Rules.]72 [•] 
[EUROPÄISCHER WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM (EWR) MiFID II PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / 
ZIELMARKT KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN 
- Die Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen geeignete Gegenparteien, professionelle Kunden und Kleinanleger, jeweils im Sinne der 
Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in der jeweils gültigen Fassung, MiFID II), umfasst; ENTWEDER73 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für 
den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind, einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, 
Verkäufe ohne Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] ODER74 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an professionelle Investoren und geeignete Gegenparteien angemessen sind die folgenden 
Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind - Anlageberatung[,/ und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ und][ Verkäufe ohne Beratung ][und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen][, nach Maßgabe 
der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick auf Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Bitte 
jegliche negativen Zielmärkte berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, 
verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] 
 
68 Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MiFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Ausschließlich 
Professionelle Investoren und Geeignete Gegenparteien". 
69 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex pursuant to the Guidelines on complex debt instruments and structured deposits 
(ESMA/2015/1787) (the ESMA Guidelines). 
70 Include for Notes that are ESMA complex pursuant to the ESMA Guidelines. This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised sales 
are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability and appropriateness will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes 
constitute "complex" products, pure execution services to retail clients are not permitted without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness required under Article 25(3) of MiFID II. 
71 If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
72 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
73 Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht nach den Leitlinien zu komplexen Schuldtiteln und strukturierten Einlagen (ESMA/2015/1787) 
(die ESMA Leitlinien) ESMA komplex sind. 
74 Einfügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die nach den ESMA Leitlinien ESMA komplex sind. Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls angepasst 
werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und 
Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von 
Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nach Art. 25(3) MiFID II nicht zulässig.

--- Page 170 ---
170 
 
berücksichtigen; ein Vertriebsunternehmen, welches MiFID II unterliegt, ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme 
oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene 
Vertriebskanäle[ nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter MiFID II im Hinblick Geeignetheit 
bzw. Angemessenheit]75, zu bestimmen. Infineon Technologies AG ist kein Konzepteur oder ein Vertriebsunternehmen 
für Zwecke der MiFID Bestimmungen zu Produktüberwachungspflichten.]76 [•] 
[UNITED KINGDOM (UK) MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / RETAIL INVESTORS, PROFESSIONAL 
INVESTORS AND ECPS ONLY TARGET MARKET – Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product 
approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target 
market for the Notes is retail clients, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA), and eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the UK Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and 
professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
(UK MiFIR); EITHER77 [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment 
advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services] 78 ] OR 79  [(ii) all channels for 
distribution to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for 
distribution of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice[,/ and] portfolio management[,/ 
and][ non-advised sales ][and pure execution services][, subject to the distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable]] [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a Distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market 
assessment; however, a UK Distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels[, subject to the UK Distributor's suitability and appropriateness 
obligations under COBS, as applicable].80 Infineon Technologies AG is not a manufacturer or Distributor for the 
purposes of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules.]81 [•] 
[VEREINIGTES KÖNIGREICH (VK) MIFIR PRODUKTÜBERWACHUNGSPFLICHTEN / ZIELMARKT 
KLEINANLEGER, PROFESSIONELLE INVESTOREN UND GEEIGNETE GEGENPARTEIEN – Die 
Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen hat – ausschließlich für den Zweck des 
Produktgenehmigungsverfahrens [des/jedes] Konzepteurs – zu dem Ergebnis geführt, dass (i) der Zielmarkt für die 
Schuldverschreibungen Kleinanleger, im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche durch 
das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist und geeignete Gegenparteien im Sinne des 
Handbuchs der Finanzaufsicht des VK (Financial Conduct Authority - FCA) "Conduct of Business Sourcebook" 
(COBS), und professionelle Kunden, jeweils im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 600/2014, welche durch das EUWA 
Teil des Rechts des VK ist (VK MiFIR), umfasst; ENTWEDER 82 [und (ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen angemessen sind [einschließlich Anlageberatung, Portfolio-Management, Verkäufe ohne 
Beratung und reine Ausführungsdienstleistungen] 83 ] ODER 84  [(ii) alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb der 
Schuldverschreibungen an geeignete Gegenparteien und professionelle Kunden angemessen sind und (iii) die 
 
75 Im Fall von Beratungsverkäufen ist eine Angemessenheitsprüfung erforderlich. 
76 Legende einsetzen, wenn MiFID II Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
77 Include for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). 
78 This list may not be necessary, especially for Notes that are not ESMA complex (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS) where all channels 
of distribution may be appropriate. It reflects the list used in the examples in the ESMA Guidelines. 
79  Include for certain ESMA complex Notes (in the UK context, as reflected in COBS). This list may need to be amended, for example, if advised 
sales are deemed necessary. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. In addition, if the Notes constitute 
"complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of appropriateness. 
80 If the Notes constitute "complex" products, pure execution services are not permitted to retail without the need to make the determination of 
appropriateness. If there are advised sales, a determination of suitability will be necessary. 
81 Include legend in case MiFID II target market assessment in respect of the Notes is "Retail Investor Target Market." 
82 Einfügen für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS reflektiert). 
83 Diese Liste ist möglicherweise nicht erforderlich, insbesondere für Schuldverschreibungen, die nicht ESMA komplex sind (im VK-Kontext, wie 
in COBS reflektiert) und bei denen alle Kanäle für den Vertrieb angemessen sein können. Sie spiegelt die Liste wider, die in den Beispielen der 
ESMA Leitlinien verwendet wird. 
84 Einfügen für bestimmte ESMA komplexe Schuldverschreibungen (im VK-Kontext, wie in COBS definiert). Diese Liste muss gegebenenfalls 
angepasst werden, z.B. wenn Anlageberatung für erforderlich gehalten wird. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit 
und Angemessenheit notwendig. Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist außerdem die bloße Ausführung von 
Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig.

--- Page 171 ---
171 
 
folgenden Kanäle für den Vertrieb der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger angemessen sind – 
Anlageberatung[,][ 
und] 
Portfolio-Management[,/ 
und][ 
Verkäufe 
ohne 
Beratung 
][und 
reine 
Ausführungsdienstleistungen][nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des Vertriebsunternehmens unter COBS im Hinblick auf 
Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]] [Negativen Zielmarkt berücksichtigen]. Jede Person, die in der Folge die 
Schuldverschreibungen anbietet, verkauft oder empfiehlt (ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen) soll die Beurteilung des 
Zielmarkts [des/der] Konzepteur[s/e] berücksichtigen; ein VK Vertriebsunternehmen, welches dem FCA Handbook 
Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (die VK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) unterliegt, 
ist indes dafür verantwortlich, seine eigene Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen 
durchzuführen (entweder durch die Übernahme oder durch die Präzisierung der Zielmarktbestimmung [des/der] 
Konzepteur[s/e]) und angemessene Vertriebskanäle [nach Maßgabe der Pflichten des VK Vertriebsunternehmens 
unter COBS im Hinblick Geeignetheit bzw. Angemessenheit]85, zu bestimmen.]] Infineon Technologies AG ist kein 
Konzepteur 
oder 
ein 
VK 
Vertriebsunternehmen 
für 
Zwecke 
der 
VK 
MiFIR 
Bestimmungen 
zu 
Produktüberwachungspflichten.]]86 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA – The 
Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of 
Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU (as 
amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) No 
2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation). 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended or superseded, 
the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]87 
[VERBOT DES VERKAUFS AN KLEINANLEGER IM EUROPÄISCHEN WIRTSCHAFTSRAUM – Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum (EWR) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im EWR nicht angeboten, 
nicht an diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Bestimmung bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden Kriterien erfüllt: 
(i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 11 der Richtlinie 2014/65/EU (in ihrer jeweils gültigen 
Fassung, MiFID II); (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der Richtlinie 2016/97/EU (wie ergänzt oder ersetzt, IMD), soweit 
dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 4 Abs. 1 Nr. 10 MiFID II gilt; oder (iii) sie ist kein 
qualifizierter Anleger im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. 
Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die Prospektverordnung). Entsprechend wurde kein nach der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 1286/2014 (in ihrer jeweils gültigen oder ersetzten Fassung, die PRIIPs-Verordnung) erforderliches 
Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der 
Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR erstellt; daher kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige 
Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im EWR nach der PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig 
sein.]88 
 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO RETAIL INVESTORS IN THE UNITED KINGDOM – The Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available 
to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, 
 
85 Wenn die Schuldverschreibungen "komplexe" Produkte sind, ist die bloße Ausführung von Kundenaufträgen von Privatanlegern ohne 
Bestimmung der Angemessenheit nicht zulässig. Im Fall der Anlageberatung ist die Bestimmung der Geeignetheit und Angemessenheit 
notwendig.  
86 Legende einsetzen, wenn VK MIFIR Zielmarktbestimmung im Hinblick auf die Schuldverschreibungen ergeben hat "Zielmarkt Kleinanleger". 
87 To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European Economic Area" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II of the 
Final Terms.  
88 Legende einzufügen, sofern in Teil II der Endgültigen Bedingungen "Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen Wirtschaftsraum" 
für "anwendbar" erklärt wird.

--- Page 172 ---
172 
 
as defined in point (8) of article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of 
the Council of 14 June 2017 as amended (the Prospectus Regulation) as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the 
EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as amended as it 
forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
 
VERBOT 
DES 
VERKAUFS 
AN 
KLEINANLEGER 
IM 
VEREINIGTEN 
KÖNIGREICH 
– 
Die 
Schuldverschreibungen sind nicht zum Angebot, zum Verkauf oder zur sonstigen Zurverfügungstellung an 
Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich (VK) bestimmt und sollten Kleinanlegern im VK nicht angeboten, nicht an 
diese verkauft und diesen auch nicht in sonstiger Weise zur Verfügung gestellt werden. Für die Zwecke dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen bezeichnet der Begriff Kleinanleger eine Person, die eines (oder mehrere) der folgenden 
Kriterien erfüllt: (i) sie ist ein Kleinanleger im Sinne von Artikel 2 Nr. 8 der Verordnung (EU) Nr. 2017/565, welche 
durch das EU Austrittsabkommen 2018 (EUWA) Teil des Rechts des VK ist; (ii) sie ist ein Kunde im Sinne der 
Regelungen des Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, in seiner jeweils gültigen Fassung (FSMA) und aller 
Vorschriften und Verordnungen, die im Rahmen des FSMA zur Umsetzung der Richtlinie (EU) 2016/97 erlassen 
wurden, soweit dieser Kunde nicht als professioneller Kunde im Sinne von Artikel 2 Absatz 1 Nr. 8 der Verordnung 
(EU) Nr. 600/2014 gilt; welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist; oder (iii) sie ist kein qualifizierter Anleger 
im Sinne der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017, in ihrer 
jeweils gültigen Fassung (die Prospektverordnung), welche durch EUWA Teil des Rechts des VK ist. Entsprechend 
wurde kein nach der Verordnung (EU) 1286/2014, in ihrer jeweils gültigen Fassung, welche durch EUWA Teil des 
Rechts des VK ist (die VK PRIIPs-Verordnung), erforderliches Basisinformationsblatt für das Angebot oder den 
Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an Kleinanleger im VK erstellt; daher 
kann das Angebot oder der Verkauf oder die sonstige Zurverfügungstellung der Schuldverschreibungen an 
Kleinanleger im VK nach der VK PRIIPs-Verordnung rechtswidrig sein.]89 
 
[Amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to EURIBOR which as at the date of these Final Terms 
is provided by [European Money Markets Institute] [●] who [does not appear] [appears] on the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority pursuant 
to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011.  
Beträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf EURIBOR berechnet werden. Zum 
Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird EURIBOR von dem [European Money Markets Institute] [●], das [nicht] 
in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 von der Europäischen Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde 
(ESMA) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte eingetragen ist, bereitgestellt].90 
[Amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to €STR (Euro Short-Term Rate) which as at the date 
of these Final Terms is provided by [European Central Bank (ECB)] [●] who [does not appear] [appears] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
Beträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf €STR (Euro Short-Term Rate) 
berechnet werden. Zum Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird €STR von der [Europäischen Zentralbank 
(EZB)] [●], die [nicht] in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 von der Europäischen Wertpapier und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte eingetragen 
ist, bereitgestellt]. 91 
[Amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to SOFR (Secured Overnight Financing Rate) which 
as at the date of these Final Terms is provided by [Federal Reserve Bank of New York] [●] who [does not appear] 
 
89 To be included in case "Prohibition of Sales to Retails Investors in the United Kingdom" is selected to be "applicable" in Part II. A of the Final 
Terms. 
Einzufügen, falls "Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich" in Teil II. A der Endgültigen Bedingungen als "anwendbar" 
gewählt wurde. 
90  To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to EURIBOR.  
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf EURIBOR berechnet wird. 
91  To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to €STR.  
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf €STR berechnet wird.

--- Page 173 ---
173 
 
[appears] on the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and 
Markets Authority pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
Beträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf SOFR (Secured Overnight 
Financing Rate) berechnet werden. Zum Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird SOFR von der [Federal 
Reserve Bank of New York] [●], die [nicht] in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 von der 
Europäischen Wertpapier und Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren und 
Referenzwerte eingetragen ist, bereitgestellt]. 92 
[Amounts payable on the Notes may be calculated by reference to SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index Average) which 
as at the date of these Final Terms is provided by [Bank of England] [●] who [does not appear] [appears] on the register 
of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
pursuant to article 36 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011. 
Beträge, die auf die Schuldverschreibungen zu zahlen sind, können unter Bezug auf SONIA (Sterling Overnight Index 
Average) berechnet werden. Zum Datum dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen, wird SONIA von der [Bank of England] 
[●], die [nicht] in das nach Artikel 36 der Verordnung (EU) 2016/1011 von der Europäischen Wertpapier und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) erstellte und geführte Register der Administratoren und Referenzwerte eingetragen 
ist, bereitgestellt]. 93 
Infineon Technologies AG is not affiliated with the New York Fed. The New York Fed does not sanction, endorse, or 
recommend any products or services offered by Infineon Technologies AG.94 
[Date] 
[Datum] 
 
FINAL TERMS 
ENDGÜLTIGE BEDINGUNGEN 
Infineon Technologies AG  
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): TSI2PJM6EPETEQ4X1U25  
[Title of relevant Series of Notes] 
[Bezeichnung der betreffenden Serie der Schuldverschreibung] 
[to be consolidated and form a single series with the [insert original tranche(s)] issued on [date(s)]] 
[die mit der [ursprüngliche Tranche(n) einfügen], begeben am [Datum/Daten] konsolidiert werden und eine 
einheitliche Serie bilden] 
 
Series: [●], Tranche [●] 
Serien: [●], Tranche [●] 
issued pursuant to the 
begeben aufgrund des 
EUR 8,000,000,000 
Debt Issuance Programme 
dated 5 February 2025 
vom 5. Februrar 2025 
of 
der 
 
92  To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to SOFR.  
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf SOFR berechnet wird. 
93  To be included in the case of an issue of Notes where the rate of interest is to be calculated by reference to SONIA.  
Einzufügen im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, bei denen der Zinssatz unter Bezug auf SONIA berechnet wird. 
94  To be included whenever the name or acronym associated with SOFR in the name, title, or description of any product or service offered. 
Einzufügen, wenn der Name oder das Akronym in Verbindung mit dem SOFR im Namen, im Titel oder in der Beschreibung eines angebotenen 
Produkts oder einer Dienstleistung enthalten ist.

--- Page 174 ---
174 
 
Infineon Technologies AG 
Issue Price: [      ]%. 
Ausgabepreis: [      ]% 
Issue Date: [      ]95 
Begebungstag: [      ] 
These are the Final Terms of an issue of Notes under the EUR 8,000,000,000 Debt Issuance Programme of Infineon 
Technologies AG (the Programme). These Final Terms have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of the Regulation 
(EU) No 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 14 June 2017 (as amended, the Prospectus 
Regulation), and must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 5 February 2025 [as supplemented by [a] 
supplement[s] dated [●]] (the Prospectus). Full information on Infineon Technologies AG and the offer of the Notes 
is only available on the basis of the combination of the Prospectus and these Final Terms. The Prospectus and any 
supplement thereto are available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com), and copies may be obtained free of charge from Infineon Technologies AG, Am Campeon 1-15, 
85579 Neubiberg, Federal Republic of Germany. [A summary fully completed for the individual issue of the Notes is 
annexed to these Final Terms.]96 
Diese Endgültigen Bedingungen enthalten Angaben zur Emission von Schuldverschreibungen unter dem 
EUR 8.000.000.000 Debt Issuance Programme der Infineon Technologies AG (das Programm). Diese Endgültigen 
Bedingungen wurden für die Zwecke des Artikels 8 der Verordnung (EU) 2017/1129 des Europäischen Parlaments 
und des Rates vom 14. Juni 2017 (wie von Zeit zu Zeit ergänzt, die Prospektverordnung), abgefasst und sind in 
Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt vom 5. Februar 2025 [, ergänzt durch [den Nachtrag][die Nachträge] vom [●]] 
(der Prospekt) zu lesen. Vollständige Informationen über Infineon Technologies AG und das Angebot der 
Schuldverschreibungen 
sind 
nur 
verfügbar, 
wenn die 
Endgültigen 
Bedingungen 
und 
der 
Prospekt 
zusammengenommen werden. Der Prospekt sowie jeder Nachtrag können in elektronischer Form auf der Internetseite 
der Luxemburger Börse (www.luxse.com) eingesehen werden. Kostenlose Kopien sind erhältlich unter Infineon 
Technologies AG, Am Campeon 1-15, 85579 Neubiberg, Deutschland. [Eine für die einzelne Emission von 
Schuldverschreibungen vollständig ausgefüllte Zusammenfassung ist diesen Endgültigen Bedingungen beigefügt.]110 
[This document must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus, save in respect of the programme terms and 
conditions of the notes which are extracted from the base prospectus dated 4 February 2022 (the "Programme Terms 
and Conditions of the Notes 2022"), and of the programme terms and conditions of the notes which are extracted 
from the base prospectus dated 7 February 2024 (the "Programme Terms and Conditions of the Notes 2024"), each 
of which have been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.]97 
[Dieses Dokument ist in Verbindung mit dem Basisprospekt zu lesen, mit Ausnahme der Programm-
Anleihebedingungen, die dem Basisprospekt vom 4. Februar 2022 entnommen wurden (die "Programm-
Anleihebedingungen 2022"), sowie der Programm-Anleihebedingungen, die dem Basisprospekt vom 7. Februar 2024 
entnommen wurden (die "Programm-Anleihebedingungen 2024"), und die jeweils per Verweis in den Basisprospekt 
einbezogen sind.]98 
 
 
Part I.: TERMS AND CONDITIONS  
Teil I: EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN 
[A. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by replicating the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options 
 
95 
The Issue is the date of payment and settlement of the Notes. In the case of free delivery, the Issue Date is the delivery date. 
Der Tag der Begebung ist der Tag, an dem die Schuldverschreibungen begeben und bezahlt werden. Bei freier Lieferung ist der Tag der 
Begebung der Tag der Lieferung. 
96 
May be deleted in the case of an issue of Notes with a minimum denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Kann im Fall einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen mit einer Mindeststückelung in Höhe von mindestens EUR 100.000 gelöscht werden. 
97 Applicable in the case of an issue of Notes which will be consolidated and form a single series with outstanding notes issued in 2022. 
98 Anwendbar im Falle einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die mit im Jahr2022 begebenen Schuldverschreibungen konsolidiert werden 
und eine einheitliche Serie bilden.

--- Page 175 ---
175 
 
contained therein, respectively, and completing the relevant placeholders, insert:99 
A. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen durch Wiederholung der 
betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils enthaltenen 
bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt und die betreffenden Leerstellen vervollständigt werden, einfügen:25 
The Terms and Conditions applicable to the Notes (the Conditions) [and the [German] [English] language translation 
thereof,] are as set out below.  
Die für die Schuldverschreibungen geltenden 
Emissionsbedingungen (die 
Bedingungen) [sowie die 
[deutschsprachige][englischsprachige] Übersetzung] sind wie nachfolgend aufgeführt. 
[in the case of Notes with fixed interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option I100 including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders] 
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit fester Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option I26 (einschließlich 
der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen] 
[in the case of Notes with floating interest rates replicate here the relevant provisions of Option II including relevant 
further options contained therein, and complete relevant placeholders]  
[im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen mit variabler Verzinsung hier die betreffenden Angaben der Option II 
(einschließlich der betreffenden weiteren Optionen) wiederholen und betreffende Leerstellen vervollständigen]] 
[B. In the case the options applicable to the relevant Tranche of Notes are to be determined by referring to the 
relevant provisions set forth in the Prospectus as Option I or Option II, including certain further options 
contained therein, respectively, insert: 
B. Falls die für die betreffende Tranche von Schuldverschreibungen geltenden Optionen, die durch Verweisung 
auf die betreffenden im Prospekt als Option I oder Option II aufgeführten Angaben (einschließlich der jeweils 
enthaltenen bestimmten weiteren Optionen) bestimmt werden, einfügen: 
This Part I. of the Final Terms is to be read in conjunction with the set of Terms and Conditions that apply to Notes 
with [fixed] [floating] interest rates (the Terms and Conditions) set forth in the Prospectus as [Option I26] [Option II]. 
Capitalised terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Terms and Conditions. 
Dieser Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen ist in Verbindung mit dem Satz der Emissionsbedingungen, der auf 
Schuldverschreibungen mit [fester] [variabler] Verzinsung Anwendung findet (die Emissionsbedingungen), zu lesen, 
der als [Option I26] [Option II] im Prospekt enthalten ist. Begriffe, die in den Emissionsbedingungen definiert sind, 
haben, falls die Endgültigen Bedingungen nicht etwas anderes bestimmen, dieselbe Bedeutung, wenn sie in diesen 
Endgültigen Bedingungen verwendet werden. 
All references in this Part I. of the Final Terms to numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs are to paragraphs and 
subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
Bezugnahmen in diesem Teil I. der Endgültigen Bedingungen auf Paragraphen und Absätze beziehen sich auf die 
Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen. 
The blanks in the provisions of the Terms and Conditions, which are applicable to the Notes, shall be deemed to be 
completed with the information contained in the Final Terms as if such information were inserted in the blanks of such 
provisions. All provisions in the Terms and Conditions corresponding to items in these Final Terms which are either 
not selected or not completed or which are deleted shall be deemed to be deleted from the Terms and Conditions 
applicable to the Notes (the Conditions). 
 
99 
To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that this type of documenting the Conditions will be required where the Notes 
are to be offered to the public, in whole or in part, or to be initially distributed, in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors. Delete all 
references to Part I B. of the Final Terms including numbered paragraphs and subparagraphs of the Terms and Conditions. 
 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es ist vorgesehen, dass diese Form der Dokumentation der Bedingungen erforderlich ist, wenn 
die Schuldverschreibungen insgesamt oder teilweise anfänglich an nicht qualifizierte Anleger verkauft oder öffentlich angeboten werden. Alle 
Bezugnahmen auf Teil I B. der Endgültigen Bedingungen einschließlich der Paragraphen und Absätze der Emissionsbedingungen entfernen. 
100 In case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus, the Terms and Conditions of the 
Tranches have to be identical in all respects, but may have different issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments. 
Im Fall einer Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben wurden, 
müssen die Emissionsbedingungen der Tranchen in jeder Hinsicht identisch sein, können aber unterschiedliche Begebungstage, 
Verzinsungsbeginne, Ausgabepreise und erste Zinszahlungstage haben.

--- Page 176 ---
O 
O 
Ei 
Ei 
Ei 
Ei 
O 
O 
O 
 
176 
 
Die Leerstellen in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren Bestimmungen der Emissionsbedingungen gelten 
als durch die in den Endgültigen Bedingungen enthaltenen Angaben ausgefüllt, als ob die Leerstellen in den 
betreffenden 
Bestimmungen 
durch 
diese 
Angaben 
ausgefüllt 
wären. 
Sämtliche 
Bestimmungen 
der 
Emissionsbedingungen, die sich auf Variablen dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen beziehen, die weder angekreuzt noch 
ausgefüllt oder die gestrichen werden, gelten als in den auf die Schuldverschreibungen anwendbaren 
Emissionsbedingungen (die Bedingungen) gestrichen. 
 
CURRENCY, DENOMINATION, FORM (§ 1)  
WÄHRUNG, STÜCKELUNG, FORM (§ 1) 
 
Currency and Denomination  
Währung und Stückelung 
 
Specified Currency  
[      ] or [symbol] 
(being the lawful currency of [      ]) 
Festgelegte Währung  
[      ] oder [Symbol] 
(das gesetzliche Zahlungsmittel in [      ]) 
Aggregate Principal Amount  
Gesamtnennbetrag 
[      ] 
Aggregate Principal Amount in words 
Gesamtnennbetrag in Worten 
[      ] 
Specified Denomination 
Stückelung 
[      ] 
 Permanent Global Note 
Dauerglobalurkunde 
 
 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Note  
 
Vorläufige Globalurkunde austauschbar gegen Dauerglobalurkunde 
Clearing System 
Clearingsystem 
 
 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main 
 
Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg 
 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV 
 
 Other Clearing System 
Anderes Clearingsystem 
[specify details, including address] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, einschließlich Adresse] 
Global Note101 
Globalurkunde 
 
 
Classical Global Note 
 
 
New Global Note 
 
INTEREST (§ 3)  
ZINSEN (§ 3) 
 
 
Fixed Rate Notes (Option I)102  
 
101 Complete for Notes kept in custody on behalf of the ICSDs. 
 
Im Fall von Schuldverschreibungen, die im Namen der ICSDs verwahrt werden, ausfüllen. 
102 Insert "A" in the case of an increase of an issue of Notes which were originally issued prior to the date of this Prospectus. 
"A" einfügen im Fall der Aufstockung einer Emission von Schuldverschreibungen, die ursprünglich vor dem Datum dieses Prospekts begeben 
wurden.

--- Page 177 ---
El 
Ill 
 
177 
 
 
Festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option I) 
Rate of Interest and Interest Payment Dates  
Zinssatz und Zinszahlungstage 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
[      ]% per annum 
[      ]% per annum 
Interest Commencement Date 
[      ] 
Verzinsungsbeginn 
 
Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
First Interest Payment Date 
[      ] 
Erster Zinszahlungstag 
 
Initial Broken Amount(s)  
(per Specified Denomination) 
[      ] 
Anfängliche(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge) 
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
Interest Payment Date preceding the Maturity Date 
[      ] 
Zinszahlungstag, der dem Fälligkeitstag vorangeht 
 
Final Broken Amount(s) 
(per Specified Denomination) 
[      ] 
Abschließende(r) Bruchteilzinsbetrag(-beträge)  
(für jede festgelegte Stückelung) 
 
Number of regular Interest Payment Dates per 
calendar year 
[      ] 
Anzahl der regulären Zinszahlungstage im 
Kalenderjahr 
 
Deemed Interest Payment Date(s) 
[      ] 
Fiktive(r) Zinszahlungstag(e) 
 
 
Floating Rate Notes (Option II) 
 
Variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen (Option II) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Zinszahlungstage 
 
Interest Commencement Date  
Verzinsungsbeginn 
[      ] 
Specified Interest Payment Dates  
Festgelegte Zinszahlungstage 
[      ] 
Specified Interest Period(s)  
Festgelegte Zinsperiode(n)  
[      ] [weeks][months] 
[      ] [Wochen][Monate] 
Business Day Convention 
Geschäftstagskonvention 
 
 Modified Following Business Day Convention 
 
Modifizierte folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention

--- Page 178 ---
0 
0 
0 
El 
El 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
0 
El 
 
178 
 
 Floating Rate Note (FRN) Convention  
 
(specify period)  
 
Floating Rate Note (FRN)-Konvention  
 
(Zeitraum angeben) 
[      ] [months] 
[      ] [Monate] 
 Following Business Day Convention 
 
Folgende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
 Preceding Business Day Convention 
 
Vorhergehende Geschäftstag-Konvention 
 
Rate of Interest 
Zinssatz 
 
 EURIBOR  
 
 Compounded Daily €STR 
 
€STR Reference Rate 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz 
[9:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 
 Shift Methode 
 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded €STR Index 
 
€STR Compounded Index Value 
[9:15 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Compounded Indexwert 
[9:15 Uhr] [●] 
€STR Reference Rate 
[9:00 a.m.] [●] 
€STR Referenzsatz 
[9:00 Uhr] [●] 
€STR IndexStart 
[five][●] 
€STR IndexStart 
[fünf][●] 
€STR IndexEnd 
[five][●] 
€STR IndexEnde 
[fünf][●] 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded Daily SOFR 
 
SOFR Reference Rate 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] 
 Lag Methode 
 
 Shift Methode 
 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded SOFRIndex 
 
SOFR Compounded Index Value 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Compounded Indexwert 
[15:00 Uhr] [●]

--- Page 179 ---
0 
0 
0 
El 
0 
0 
 
179 
 
SOFR Reference Rate 
[3:00 p.m.] [●] 
SOFR Referenzsatz 
[15:00 Uhr] [●] 
SOFR IndexStart 
[five][●] 
SOFR IndexStart 
[fünf][●] 
SOFR IndexEnd 
[five][●] 
SOFR IndexEnde 
[fünf][●] 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded Daily SONIA 
 
Screen Page 
[Screen Page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[Bildschirmseite] 
 Lag Methode 
 
 Shift Methode 
 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 Compounded SONIA Index 
 
Screen Page 
[Screen Page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[Bildschirmseite] 
SONIA Compounded Index Value 
[12:30 p.m.] [●] 
SONIACompounded Indexwert 
[12:30 Uhr] [●] 
SONIA IndexStart 
[five][●] 
SONIA IndexStart 
[fünf][●] 
SONIA IndexEnd 
[five][●] 
SONIA IndexEnde 
[fünf][●] 
p 
[number of days] 
p 
[Anzahl Tage] 
 
 
Interest Determination Date 
[number] 
Zinsfestlegungstag 
[Anzahl] 
[relevant financial center(s)] Business Day  
[relevant financial center(s)]  
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)]-Geschäftstag  
[relevante(s) Finanzzentrum(en)] 
Specific fallback provision "Reference Rate for the preceding Interest Period" 
Besondere Fallbackregelungen "Referenzsatz der vorangegangenen Zinsperiode" 
 applicable  
 
anwendbar 
 
 not applicable  
 
 nicht anwendbar 
 
Margin  
Marge 
[      ]% per annum 
[      ]% per annum

--- Page 180 ---
Ei 
El 
 
180 
 
 plus 
 
plus 
 
 minus 
 
minus 
 
Minimum and Maximum Rate of Interest 
Mindest- und Höchstzinssatz 
 
 Minimum Rate of Interest 
 
Mindestzinssatz 
[      ]% per annum 
[      ]% per annum 
 Maximum Rate of Interest 
 
Höchstzinssatz 
[      ]% per annum 
[      ]% per annum 
Day Count Fraction103 
Zinstagequotient 
 
 
Actual/365 or Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/360 
 
30/360 or 360/360 (Bond Basis) 
 
30E/360 (Eurobond Basis) 
 
PAYMENTS (§ 4)  
ZAHLUNGEN (§ 4) 
 
Payment Business Day 
Zahltag 
 
 
Relevant Financial Centers (specify all) 
 
Relevante Finanzzentren (alle angeben) 
[      ] 
 
T2 
 
T2 
 
REDEMPTION (§ 5) 
RÜCKZAHLUNG (§ 5) 
 
 
Redemption at Maturity 
Rückzahlung bei Endfälligkeit 
 
Maturity Date104 
Fälligkeitstag 
[      ] 
Redemption Month105 
Rückzahlungsmonat 
[      ] 
Early Redemption  
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung 
 
 
103 Complete for all Notes. 
Für alle Schuldverschreibungen ausfüllen. 
104 Complete for Fixed Rate Notes. 
 
 Für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
105 Complete for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 181 ---
El 
El 
 
181 
 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer for 
reason of Minimal Outstanding Aggregate Principal 
Amount 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
geringem ausstehendem Gesamtnennbetrag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
occurrence of a Benchmark Event106 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
Eintritt eines Benchmark-Ereignisses 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a €STR Index Cessation Event 
and €STR Index Cessation Effective Date  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
Eintritt eines €STR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
und €STR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a SOFR Index Cessation Event 
and SOFR Index Cessation Effective Date  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
Eintritt eines SOFR-Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
und SOFR-Index-Einstellungsstichtag 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer upon 
the occurrence of a SONIA Index Cessation Event 
and SONIA Index Cessation Effective Date  
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin bei 
Eintritt eines SONIA-Index-Einstellungsereignisses 
und SONIA-Index-Einstellungsstichtag  
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Holders in 
case of a change of control 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Gläubiger bei 
Kontrollwechsel 
[Ja/Nein] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der Emittentin 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) specified 
 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) festgelegt 
 
Call Redemption Period(s) 107 
 
Wahlrückzahlungszeitraum/räume (Call) 
[      ] 
 
Call Redemption Amount(s)  
 
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Call) 
[      ] 
 Make-Whole specified108 
Make-Whole festgelegt 
 
 
106 Complete for Floating Rate Notes only. 
 
Nur für variabel verzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen. 
107  Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. require a minimum notice period of five days. 
Eurcolear und Clearstream Banking S.A. verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünfzehn Tagen. 
108 Complete for Fixed Rate Notes only. 
 
Nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 182 ---
182 
 
 
Margin 
 
Marge 
[margin]% 
[Marge] % 
 
Benchmark Yield 
[relevant time] 
 
Benchmark-Rendite 
[maßgebliche Uhrzeit] 
Screen Page 
[HP (setting "Last Yield To Convention" and using the 
pricing source "FRNK")] [other relevant screen page] 
Bildschirmseite 
[HP (Einstellung "Last Yield to Convention" und 
Verwendung der Preisquelle "FRNK")] [andere Bild-
schirmseite] 
Benchmark Security 
Benchmarkanleihe 
[      ] 
ISIN of the reference bond used at pricing the 
Notes 
ISIN der Referenzanleihe, die bei der 
Preisbestimmung der Schuldverschreibungen 
genannt wurde 
[      ] 
Maturity 
Fälligkeitstermin 
[      ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of the 
Issuer upon occurrence of a Transaction 
Trigger Event 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl der 
Emittentin bei Eintritt eines Transaktions-
Ereignisses 
[Ja/Nein] 
Event Redemption Amount  
Ereignisrückzahlungsbetrag 
[      ] 
Transaction 
Transaktion 
[      ] 
Transaction Trigger Cut-off Date  
Transaktions-Stichtag 
[      ] 
Early Redemption at the Option of a Holder 
[Yes/No] 
Vorzeitige Rückzahlung nach Wahl des Gläubigers 
[Ja/Nein] 
Put Redemption Date(s)  
Wahlrückzahlungstag(e) (Put) 
[      ] 
Put Redemption Amount(s)  
Wahlrückzahlungsbetrag(beträge) (Put) 
[      ] 
Minimum Notice109 
Mindestkündigungsfrist 
[      ] days 
[      ] Tage 
Maximum Notice (not more than 60 days)  
Höchstkündigungsfrist (nicht mehr als 60 
Tage) 
[      ] days 
[      ] Tage 
 
109 Euroclear and Clearstream Banking S.A. require a minimum notice period of fifteen days. 
Eurcolear und Clearstream Banking S.A. verlangen eine Mindestkündigungsfrist von fünfzehn Tagen.

--- Page 183 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
O 
 
183 
 
[PAYING AGENT, FISCAL AGENT, CALCULATION AGENT 110 (§ 6) 
ZAHLSTELLE, EMISSIONSSTELLE, BERECHNUNGSSTELLE (§ 6) 
Calculation Agent 
Berechnungsstelle 
[      ] 
[      ] 
 Fiscal Agent acting as Calculation Agent 
Emissionsstelle handelnd als Berechnungsstelle] 
 
Stock Exchange (name and location)  
[      ] 
Börse (Name und Sitz)  
[      ] 
NOTICES (§ 12) 
MITTEILUNGEN (§ 12) 
 
Place and medium of publication 
Ort und Medium der Bekanntmachung 
 
 Website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com)  
Internetseite der Luxemburger Börse 
(www.luxse.com) 
 
 Website of other stock exchange with respect to 
which the Issuer initiated the listing of the Notes 
 
Internetseite der Börse, an der die Emittentin das 
Listing der Notes veranlasst hat 
 
 Clearing Systems 
 
AMENDMENTS OF THE TERMS AND 
CONDITIONS BY RESOLUTIONS OF 
HOLDERS, JOINT REPRESENTATIVE (§ 13) 
[Yes/No] 
ÄNDERUNGEN DER 
EMISSIONSBEDINGUNGEN DURCH 
BESCHLUSS DER GLÄUBIGER, GEMEINSAMER 
VERTRETER (§ 13) 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative by resolution passed  
by Holders and not in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger durch  
Beschluss der Gläubiger und nicht in den Emissionsbedingungen 
 
Appointment of a Holders' Representative in the Terms and Conditions 
Bestellung eines gemeinsamen Vertreters der Gläubiger in den Emissionsbedingungen 
Name and address of the Holders' Representative (specify details) 
Name und Anschrift des gemeinsamen Vertreters (Einzelheiten einfügen) 
 
110 Applicable only for Fixed Rate Notes that are subject to Early Redemption at the Option of the Issuer with payment of a Make-Whole Amount 
and for Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Nur anwendbar bei Festverzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen, falls die Emittentin das Wahlrecht hat, die Schuldverschreibungen vorzeitig zum 
Make-Whole Betrag zurückzuzahlen, sowie bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen.

--- Page 184 ---
Iii 
o 
o 
o 
 
184 
 
LANGUAGE (§ 15) 
SPRACHE (§ 15) 
 
Language of Conditions111 
Sprache der Bedingungen 
 
 
 
German and English (German controlling)  
 
Deutsch und Englisch (deutscher Text maßgeblich) 
 
English and German (English controlling)  
 
Englisch und Deutsch (englischer Text maßgeblich) 
 
German only  
 
ausschließlich Deutsch 
 
 
English only  
 
ausschließlich Englisch] 
 
 
 
 
 
 
111 To be determined in consultation with the Issuer. It is anticipated that, subject to any stock exchange or legal requirements applicable from time 
to time, and unless otherwise agreed, in the case of Notes publicly offered, in whole or in part, in the Federal Republic Germany, or distributed, 
in whole or in part, to non-qualified investors in the Federal Republic of Germany, German will be the controlling language. If, in the event of 
such public offer or distribution to non-qualified investors, however, English is chosen as the controlling language, a German language 
translation of the Conditions will be available from the principal office of Infineon Technologies AG. 
In Abstimmung mit der Emittentin festzulegen. Es wird erwartet, dass vorbehaltlich geltender Börsen- oder anderer Bestimmungen und soweit 
nicht anders vereinbart, die deutsche Sprache für Schuldverschreibungen maßgeblich sein wird, die insgesamt oder teilweise öffentlich zum 
Verkauf in Deutschland angeboten oder an nicht qualifizierte Anleger in Deutschland verkauft werden. Falls bei einem solchen öffentlichen 
Verkaufsangebot oder Verkauf an nicht qualifizierte Anleger die englische Sprache als maßgeblich bestimmt wird, wird eine deutschsprachige 
Übersetzung der Bedingungen bei der Hauptgeschäftsstelle der Infineon Technologies AG erhältlich sein.

--- Page 185 ---
El 
 
185 
 
Part II.: ADDITIONAL INFORMATION112 
Teil II ZUSÄTZLICHE INFORMATIONEN 
A. Essential information 
Grundlegende Angaben 
 
Interests of Natural and Legal Persons involved in the 
Issue/Offer 
[None] [specify details] 
Interessen von Seiten natürlicher und juristischer Personen, 
die an der Emission/dem Angebot beteiligt sind 
[Keine] [Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Reasons for the offer113 
[specify details] 
Gründe für das Angebot 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Estimated net proceeds114 
Geschätzter Nettobetrag der Erträge 
[      ] 
Estimated total expenses115 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten 
[      ] 
Eurosystem eligibility 
EZB-Fähigkeit 
 
 Intended to be held in a manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility 
[Yes/No] 
 
Soll in EZB-fähiger Weise gehalten werden 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue 
to be deposited, with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper, and does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]116 
 
112 There is no obligation to complete Part II. of the Final Terms in its entirety in case of Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least 
EUR 100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency, provided that such Notes will not be listed on any regulated market within the European 
Economic Area. To be completed in consultation with the Issuer. 
 
 Es besteht keine Verpflichtung, Teil II. der Endgültigen Bedingungen bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von 
mindestens EUR 100.000 oder dem Gegenwert in einer anderen Währung vollständig auszufüllen, sofern diese Schuldverschreibungen nicht 
an einem geregelten Markt innerhalb des Europäischen Wirtschaftsraums zum Handel zugelassen werden. In Absprache mit der Emittentin 
auszufüllen. 
113 See "Use of Proceeds" wording in the Prospectus. If reasons for the offer are different from general corporate purposes of Infineon, include 
those reasons here. 
 
 Siehe Abschnitt "Use of Proceeds" im Prospekt. Sofern die Gründe für das Angebot nicht in allgemeinen Unternehmenszwecken von Infineon 
bestehen, sind die Gründe hier anzugeben. 
114  If proceeds are intended for more than one use, they will need to be broken into each principal intended use and presented in order of priority 
of such uses. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000.  
 
 Sofern die Erträge für verschiedene Verwendungszwecke bestimmt sind, sind diese aufzuschlüsseln nach den einzelnen wichtigsten 
Zweckbestimmungen und nach Priorität dieser Zweckbestimmungen darzustellen. Nicht erforderlich für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer 
festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
115  Total expenses shall be broken into each principal intended use and presented in order of priority of such uses. Not required for Notes with a 
Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Die Gesamtkosten sind aufzuschlüsseln nach den einzelnen wichtigsten Zweckbestimmungen und nach Priorität dieser Zweckbestimmungen 
darzustellen. Nicht erforderlich für Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
116  Include explanation in case of an NGN with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.

--- Page 186 ---
186 
 
 
[Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung 
"Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Begebung bei 
einem der ICSDs als gemeinsamer 
Verwahrer hinterlegt werden sollen, und es 
bedeutet nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]117 
 
[Whilst the designation is specified as "No" 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in 
the future such that the Notes are capable of 
meeting them the Notes may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper. Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life. Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been 
met.]118 
 
[Während die Bestimmung am Tag dieser 
Endgültigen Bedingungen mit "Nein" 
festgelegt wurde, können die 
Schuldverschreibungen, sollten die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien für die 
Zukunft derart geändert werden, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen fähig sind diese 
einzuhalten, dann bei einem der ICSDs als 
gemeinsamer Verwahrer hinterlegt werden. 
Es ist zu beachten, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die 
 
117  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall einer durch einen der ICSDs als common safekeeper verwahrten NGN. 
118  Include explanation in case of an NGN not deposited with one of the ICSDs.

--- Page 187 ---
187 
 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]119 
 
[Note that the designation "Yes" simply 
means  
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited  
with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognized as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either 
upon issue or at any or all times during their 
life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]120 
[Es ist zu beachten, dass die Bestimmung 
"Ja" hier lediglich bedeutet, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen nach Begebung bei 
Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt 
hinterlegt werden sollen, und es bedeutet 
nicht notwendigerweise, dass die 
Schuldverschreibungen als geeignete 
Sicherheit im Sinne der Währungspolitik des 
Eurosystems und der taggleichen 
Überziehungen (intraday credit operations) 
des Eurosystem entweder nach Begebung 
oder zu einem Zeitpunkt während ihrer 
Existenz anerkannt werden. Eine solche 
Anerkennung wird vom Urteil der EZB 
abhängen, dass die 
Eurosystemfähigkeitskriterien erfüllt 
werden.]121 
B. Information concerning the securities to be 
offered/admitted to trading  
Informationen über die anzubietenden bzw. zum 
Handel zuzulassenden Wertpapiere 
 
Securities Identification Numbers 
Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummern 
 
 
[Common Code 
Common Code 
[      ]] 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) 
Internationale Wertpapierkennnummer (ISIN) 
[      ] 
Classification of Financial Instruments (CFI) Code 
Klassifizierungscode von Finanzinstrumenten (CFI) 
[      ] 
Financial Instrument Short Name (FISN) Code 
Kurzname des Finanzinstruments (FISN) 
[      ] 
 
119  Erläuterungen einfügen im Fall einer nicht durch einen der ICSDs verwahrten NGN. 
120  Include explanation in case of Notes deposited with Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt. 
121  Erläuterung einfügen im Fall der Verwahrung der Schuldverschreibungen durch Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt.

--- Page 188 ---
188 
 
German Securities Code (WKN) 
Deutsche Wertpapierkennnummer (WKN) 
[      ] 
[Any other securities number 
andere Wertpapier-Kenn-Nummer 
[      ]] 
Historic Interest Rates and further performance as well as 
volatility122  
Zinssätze der Vergangenheit und künftige Entwicklungen 
sowie ihre Volatilität 
 
 
Details of historic [EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR][SONIA] 
rates and the further performance as well as their volatility 
can be obtained from 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][●] 
Einzelheiten zu vergangenen 
[EURIBOR][€STR][SOFR][SONIA] Sätzen und 
Informationen über künftige Entwicklungen sowie ihre 
Volatilität können abgerufen werden unter 
Reuters [EURIBOR01][●] 
Description of any market disruption or settlement 
disruption events that effect the [EURIBOR] rates 
[Not applicable][Please see § 3 of the 
Terms and Conditions]  
Beschreibung etwaiger Ereignisse, die eine Störung des 
Marktes oder der Abrechnung bewirken und die 
[EURIBOR] Sätze beeinflussen  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Bitte siehe § 3 der 
Emissionsbedingungen] 
Yield to final maturity123 
Rendite bei Endfälligkeit 
[      ] 
Representation of debt security holders including an 
identification of the organization representing the investors 
and provisions applying to such representation. Indication of 
the website where the public may have free access to the 
contracts relating to these forms of representation124  
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Vertretung der Schuldtitelinhaber unter Angabe der die 
Anleger vertretenden Organisation und der für diese 
Vertretung geltenden Bestimmungen. Angabe der 
Internetseite, auf der die Öffentlichkeit die Verträge, die 
diese Repräsentationsformen regeln, kostenlos einsehen 
kann125 
[Nicht anwendbar][Einzelheiten einfügen] 
 
Resolutions, authorisations and approvals by virtueof 
which the Notes will be created 
[Specify details] 
Beschlüsse, Ermächtigungen und Genehmigungen, welche 
die Grundlage für die Schaffung der 
Schuldverschreibungen bilden 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C. 
Terms and conditions of the offer126 
Bedingungen und Konditionen des Angebots 
 
 
122 Only applicable for Floating Rate Notes. Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Nur bei variabel verzinslichen Schuldverschreibungen anwendbar. Nicht anwendbar auf Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten 
Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
123  Only applicable for Fixed Rate Notes. 
Gilt nur für festverzinsliche Schuldverschreibungen. 
124  Specify further details in the case a Holders' Representative will be appointed in § 13 of the Terms and Conditions. 
125  Weitere Einzelheiten für den Fall einzufügen, dass § 13 der Emissionsbedingungen einen Gemeinsamen Vertreter bestellt. 
126 Complete with respect to Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
Bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000 auszufüllen.

--- Page 189 ---
189 
 
C.1 Conditions, offer statistics, expected timetable and 
action required to apply  
for the offer 
[Not applicable] 
Angebotsstatistiken, erwarteter Zeitplan und 
erforderliche Maßnahmen für die Antragstellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Conditions to which the offer is subject 
[Specify details] 
Bedingungen, denen das Angebot unterliegt 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Total amount of the issue/offer/arrangements and time 
for announcing it to the public 
[Specify details] 
Gesamtsumme der Emission/des Angebots/ 
Vereinbarungen und Zeitpunkt für Ankündigung an das 
Publikum 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Time period, including any possible amendments, 
during which the offer will be open 
[Specify details] 
Frist - einschließlich etwaiger Änderungen – während 
der das Angebot gültig ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Description of the application process 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung des Prozesses für die Umsetzung des 
Angebots 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
A description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions 
and the manner for refunding excess amount paid by 
applicants 
[Specify details] 
Beschreibung der Möglichkeit zur Reduzierung der 
Zeichnungen und der Art und Weise der Erstattung des 
zu viel gezahlten Betrags an die Zeichner 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application, (whether in number of Notes or aggregate 
amount to invest) 
[Specify details] 
Einzelheiten zum Mindest- und/oder Höchstbetrag der 
Zeichnung (entweder in Form der Anzahl der 
Schuldverschreibungen oder des aggregierten zu 
investierenden Betrags)  
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Method and time limits for paying up the Notes and or 
delivery of the Notes 
[Specify details] 
Methode und Fristen für die Ratenzahlung der 
Schuldverschreibungen und ihre Lieferung 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Manner and date in which results of the offer are to be 
made public 
[Specify details] 
Art und Weise und Termin, auf die bzw. an dem die 
Ergebnisse des Angebots offen zu legen sind 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
The procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights and the 
treatment of subscription rights not exercised. 
[Not applicable] 
Verfahren für die Ausübung eines etwaigen 
Vorzugsrechts, die Marktfähigkeit der Zeichnungsrechte 
und die Behandlung der nicht ausgeübten 
Zeichnungsrechte 
[Nicht anwendbar]

--- Page 190 ---
Ill 
Ill 
 
190 
 
C.2 Plan of distribution and allotment 
[Not applicable] 
 Plan für die Aufteilung der Wertpapiere und deren 
Zuteilung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
If the Offer is being made simultaneously in the markets 
of two or more countries and if a tranche has been or is 
being reserved for certain of these, indicate such tranche 
[Specify details] 
Erfolgt das Angebot gleichzeitig auf den Märkten 
zweier oder mehrerer Länder und wurde/ wird eine 
bestimmte Tranche einigen dieser Märkte vorbehalten, 
Angabe dieser Tranche 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
Process for notification to applicants of the amount 
allotted and indication whether dealing may begin 
before notification is made 
[Specify details] 
Verfahren zur Meldung des den Zeichnern zugeteilten 
Betrags und Angabe, ob eine Aufnahme des Handels vor 
dem Meldeverfahren möglich ist 
[Einzelheiten einfügen] 
C.3 Pricing 
[Not applicable] 
Kursfeststellung 
[Nicht anwendbar] 
Issue Price 
[  ]% 
Ausgabepreis 
[  ]% 
Expected price at which the Notes will be offered 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Preis zu dem die Schuldverschreibungen voraussichtlich 
angeboten werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Amount of expenses and taxes charged to the subscriber 
/ purchaser 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Kosten/Steuern, die dem Zeichner/Käufer in Rechnung 
gestellt werden 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
C.4 
Placing and underwriting 
Platzierung und Emission 
 
Name and address of the co-ordinator(s) of the global 
offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent 
known to the Issuer or the offeror, or the placers in the 
various countries where the offer takes place 
[Not applicable][Specify details] 
Name und Anschrift des Koordinator/der 
Koordinatoren des globalen Angebots oder einzelner 
Teile des Angebots und - sofern der Emittentin oder dem 
Bieter bekannt - Angaben zu den Platzierern in den 
einzelnen Ländern des Angebots  
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
Method of distribution 
Vertriebsmethode 
 
 Non-syndicated 
Nicht syndiziert 
 
 Syndicated 
Syndiziert 
 
Subscription Agreement 
Übernahmevertrag

--- Page 191 ---
El 
El 
 
191 
 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
[      ] 
Datum des Subscription Agreements 
[      ] 
Material Features of the Subscription Agreement: 
[      ] 
Hauptmerkmale des Übernahmevertrages: 
[      ] 
Management Details including form of commitment127 
Einzelheiten bezüglich des Bankenkonsortiums einschließlich der Art der Übernahme 
Specify Management Group or Dealer (names and 
addresses)  
[      ] 
Bankenkonsortium oder Platzeur angeben (Namen und 
Anschriften) 
 
 firm commitment 
Feste Zusage 
 
 no firm commitment / best efforts arrangements 
Keine feste Zusage / zu den bestmöglichen Bedingungen 
 
Commissions 
Provisionen 
 
Management/Underwriting Commission (specify) 
Management- und Übernahmeprovision (angeben) 
[      ] 
Selling Concession (specify)  
Verkaufsprovision (angeben)  
[      ] 
Listing Commission (specify)  
Börsenzulassungsprovision (angeben) 
[      ] 
Stabilising Dealer/Manager 
[insert details/None] 
Kursstabilisierender Dealer/Manager 
[Einzelheiten einfügen/Keiner] 
C.5 
Public Offer Jurisdictions128 
Jurisdiktionen für öffentliches Angebot 
 
Public Offer Jurisdiction(s) 
Not applicable] 
[Luxembourg] [and] [Federal Republic 
of Germany]  
[Specify relevant Member State(s) – 
which must be jurisdiction(s) where the 
Prospectus and any supplements have 
been passported] 
[Jurisdiktionen, in denen ein öffentliches Angebot stattfindet 
[Nicht anwendbar]  
[Luxembourg] [und] [Deutschland] 
[Relevante(n) Mitgliedstaat(en) einfügen 
– dieser muss eine/diese müssen 
Jurisdiktion(en) sein, in die der Prospekt 
und etwaige Nachträge notifiziert 
wurden] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area 
[Not applicable] [Applicable] 
 
127 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
128 Complete with respect to an offer of Notes to the public. 
 
Bei öffentlichem Angebot von Schuldverschreibungen auszufüllen.

--- Page 192 ---
O 
O 
O 
O 
 
192 
 
Verbot des Verkaufs an Kleinanleger im Europäischen 
Wirtschaftsraum 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Anwendbar] 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
[Applicable][Not applicable] 
Verkaufsverbot an Kleinanleger im Vereinigten Königreich 
[Anwendbar][Nicht anwendbar] 
D.  Listing(s) and admission to trading 
[Yes/No] 
Börsenzulassung(en) und Notierungsaufnahme 
[Ja/Nein] 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Other  
 
Sonstige  
[specify details] 
[Einzelheiten angeben] 
Date of admission  
Termin der Zulassung 
[      ] 
Estimate of the total expenses related to admission to trading129 
[      ] 
Geschätzte Gesamtkosten für die Zulassung zum Handel 
 
All regulated markets or equivalent markets on which, to the 
knowledge of the Issuer, notes of the same class of the notes to 
be offered or admitted to trading are already admitted to 
trading130 
Angabe sämtlicher regulierter oder gleichwertiger Märkte, auf 
denen nach Kenntnis der Emittentin Schuldverschreibungen der 
gleichen Wertpapierkategorie, die zum Handel angeboten oder 
zugelassen werden sollen, bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind 
 
 
Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
 
Regulierter Markt der Luxemburger Wertpapierbörse 
 
Other 
 
Sonstige 
 
Name and address of the entities which have a firm 
commitment to act as intermediaries in secondary trading, 
providing liquidity through bid and offer rates and description 
of the main terms of their commitment 
[Not applicable] [specify details] 
Name und Anschrift der Institute, die aufgrund einer festen 
Zusage als Intermediäre im Sekundärhandel tätig sind und 
Liquidität mittels Geld- und Briefkursen erwirtschaften, und 
Beschreibung der Hauptbedingungen der Zusagevereinbarung 
[Nicht anwendbar] [Einzelheiten 
einfügen] 
E. Additional Information 
Zusätzliche Informationen 
 
Rating of the Notes 
Rating der Schuldverschreibungen 
[Not applicable] [      ]131 
[Nicht anwendbar][      ]132 
 
129 Not required for Notes with a Specified Denomination of less than EUR 100,000. 
 
Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung von weniger als EUR 100.000. 
130 In case of a fungible issue, need to indicate that the original notes are already admitted to trading. Not required for Notes with a Specified 
Denomination of at least EUR 100,000. 
 
Im Falle einer Aufstockung, die mit einer vorangegangenen Emission fungibel ist, ist die Angabe erforderlich, dass die ursprünglichen 
Schuldverschreibungen bereits zum Handel zugelassen sind. Nicht erforderlich bei Schuldverschreibungen mit einer festgelegten Stückelung 
von mindestens EUR 100.000. 
131 Insert rating and brief explanation of the meaning of the rating. The explanation should follow the exact definition of the relevant Rating Agency. 
132 Rating und kurze Erklärung zur Bedeutung des Ratings einfügen. Die Erklärung sollte der genauen Definition der jeweiligen Ratingagentur 
entsprechen.

--- Page 193 ---
193 
 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited is established 
in the European Community and is 
registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended.][S&P 
Global Ratings Europe Limited is 
established in the European Community and 
is registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended.] 
[Moody's Deutschland GmbH is established 
in the European Community and is 
registered pursuant to Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 of the European Parliament and 
of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended.] [specify 
other rating agency and whether the relevant 
rating agency is established in the European 
Community and is registered or has applied 
for registration pursuant to Regulation (EC) 
No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament 
and of the Council of 16 September 2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended.] The 
European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) publishes on its website 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) a list of credit 
rating agencies registered in accordance with 
the CRA Regulation. That list is updated 
within five working days following the 
adoption of a decision under Article 16, 17 
or 20 CRA Regulation. The European 
Commission shall publish that updated list 
in the Official Journal of the European 
Union within 30 days following such update. 
 
[Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited hat ihren Sitz 
in der Europäischen Gemeinschaft und ist 
gemäß Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten 
Fassung) registriert.] [S&P Global Ratings 
Europe Limited hat ihren Sitz in der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft und ist gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten 
Fassung) registriert.] [Moody's Deutschland 
GmbH hat ihren Sitz in der Europäischen 
Gemeinschaft und ist gemäß Verordnung 
(EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des Europäischen 
Parlaments und des Rates vom 16. 
September 2009 über Ratingagenturen (in

--- Page 194 ---
194 
 
der geänderten Fassung) registriert.] 
[Einzelheiten einfügen, ob die jeweilige 
Ratingagentur ihren Sitz in der 
Europäischen Gemeinschaft hat und gemäß 
Verordnung (EG) Nr. 1060/2009 des 
Europäischen Parlaments und des Rates 
vom 16. September 2009 über 
Ratingagenturen (in der geänderten 
Fassung) registriert ist oder die 
Registrierung beantragt hat.] Die 
Europäische Wertpapier und 
Marktaufsichtsbehörde (ESMA) 
veröffentlicht auf ihrer Webseite 
(https://www.esma.europa.eu/credit-rating-
agencies/cra-authorisation) ein Verzeichnis 
der nach der Ratingverordnung registrierten 
Ratingagenturen. Dieses Verzeichnis wird 
innerhalb von fünf Werktagen nach 
Annahme eines Beschlusses gemäß Artikel 
16, 17 oder 20 der Ratingverordnung 
aktualisiert. Die Europäische Kommission 
veröffentlicht das aktualisierte Verzeichnis 
im Amtsblatt der Europäischen Union 
innerhalb von 30 Tagen nach der 
Aktualisierung 
 
F. Information to be provided regarding the consent by the Issuer or person responsible for drawing up the 
Prospectus and the Final Terms 
 
Zur Verfügung zu stellende Informationen über die Zustimmung der Emittentin oder der für die Erstellung des 
Prospekts und der Endgültigen Bedingungen zuständigen Person 
[Not applicable.][The consent to the use of the Prospectus and these Final Terms for the subsequent resale or final 
placement of Notes by all financial intermediaries, subject to compliance with the applicable selling restrictions set 
out in the Prospectus and these Final Terms, is given by the Issuer in relation to [Luxembourg] [and] [the Federal 
Republic of Germany].  
The subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by financial intermediaries can be made during the offer period. The 
offer period commences on [●] and ends on [●]. 
[Such consent is also subject to and given under the condition [●].]] 
[Nicht anwendbar.][Die Zustimmung zu der Verwendung des Prospekts und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen zu der 
späteren Weiterveräußerung und der endgültigen Platzierung der Schuldverschreibungen durch alle 
Finanzintermediäre unter Einhaltung aller gemäß dem Prospekt und dieser Endgültigen Bedingungen anwendbaren 
Veräußerungsbeschränkungen wird von der Emittentin in Bezug auf [Luxemburg] [und] [Deutschland] erteilt. 
Die spätere Weiterveräußerung und endgültigen Platzierung der Wertpapiere durch Finanzintermediäre kann 
während der Angebotsfrist erfolgen. Die Angebotsfrist beginnt am [●] und endet am [●]. 
[Ferner erfolgt diese Zustimmung vorbehaltlich [●].]]

--- Page 195 ---
195 
 
[Third Party Information  
Informationen von Seiten Dritter 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) the Issuer has not independently verified any such information 
and accepts no responsibility for the accuracy thereof. The following sources were used [●]. 
Hinsichtlich der hierin enthaltenen und als solche gekennzeichneten Informationen von Seiten Dritter gilt Folgendes: 
(i) Die Emittentin bestätigt, dass diese Informationen zutreffend wiedergegeben worden sind und - soweit es der 
Emittentin bekannt ist und sie aus den von diesen Dritten zur Verfügung gestellten Informationen ableiten konnte - 
keine Fakten weggelassen wurden, deren Fehlen die reproduzierten Informationen unzutreffend oder irreführend 
gestalten würden; (ii) die Emittentin hat diese Informationen nicht selbständig überprüft und übernimmt keine 
Verantwortung für ihre Richtigkeit. Folgende Quellen wurden verwendet [●].] 
 
 
Infineon Technologies AG  
 
 
___________________________________ 
[Name(s) and title(s) of signatory/ies] 
[Name(n) und Titel des/r Unterzeichnenden]

--- Page 196 ---
196 
 
8. 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
Except as disclosed in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable, the net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes 
will be applied by the Issuer to meet part of its general corporate purposes. If in respect of any particular issue there is 
a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms, as applicable.

--- Page 197 ---
197 
 
9. 
TAXATION WARNING 
THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE STATE OF RESIDENCE OF A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER OF 
NOTES OR OF A JURISDICTION WHERE A PROSPECTIVE PURCHASER IS SUBJECT TO TAXATION 
AND THE TAX LEGISLATION OF THE ISSUER'S COUNTRY OF INCORPORATION OR COUNTRY OF 
RESIDENCE MAY HAVE AN IMPACT ON THE INCOME RECEIVED FROM THE NOTES. 
PROSPECTIVE PURCHASERS OF NOTES ARE ADVISED TO CONSULT THEIR OWN TAX ADVISOR 
AS TO THE TAX CONSEQUENCES OF THE PURCHASE, OWNERSHIP AND DISPOSITION OF THE 
NOTES.

--- Page 198 ---
198 
 
10. 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
10.1 
UNDERWRITING 
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified herein and any additional Dealer 
appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Issuer, which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. Notes may be distributed by way of public offers to qualified investors pursuant to the Prospectus 
Regulation and/or non-qualified investors, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, or private placements and, in each 
case, on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The method of distribution of each Tranche of Notes will be stated in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Notes may be sold from time to time by the Issuer to any one or more of the Dealers. The arrangements under which 
Notes may from time to time be agreed to be sold by the Issuer to, and purchased by, Dealers are set out in a dealer 
agreement dated on or about 5 February 2025 (the Dealer Agreement) and made between the Issuer, and the Dealers. 
Any such agreement will, inter alia, contain provisions dealing with the form and terms and conditions of the relevant 
Notes, the price at which such Notes will be purchased by the Dealers and the commissions or other agreed deductibles 
(if any) payable or allowable by the Issuer in respect of such purchase.  
The Dealer Agreement provides for the resignation or termination of appointment of existing Dealers and for the 
appointment of additional or other Dealers either generally in respect of the Programme or in relation to a particular 
Tranche of Notes. A subscription agreement (the Subscription Agreement) prepared in relation to a particular Tranche 
of Notes will typically be dated on or about the date of the relevant Final Terms applicable to such Tranche of Notes.  
10.2 
DESCRIPTION OF PUBLIC OFFER (IF ANY) AND OFFER MECHANICS  
If the Notes are publicly offered, the following details have to be inserted under section "Additional Information" in 
the Final Terms applicable to a Tranche of Notes: conditions to which the offer is subject, time period, during which 
the offer will be open, description of the application process, description of the possibility to reduce subscriptions and 
the manner for refunding excess amount paid by applicants, details of the minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application, method and time limits for paying up the Notes and for delivery of the Notes, manner and date in which 
results of the offer are to be made public, procedure for the exercise of any right of pre-emption, the negotiability of 
subscription rights and the treatment of subscription rights not exercised, various categories of potential investors to 
which the Notes are offered, process for notification to applicants of the amount allotted and indication whether dealing 
may begin before notification is made, method of determining the offered price and the process for its disclosure, 
amount of any expenses and taxes specifically charged to the subscriber or purchaser, name and address of the co-
ordinator(s) of the global offer and of single parts of the offer and, to the extent known to the Issuer or the offeror, or 
the placers in the various countries where the offer takes place.  
10.3 
CONSENT TO USE THE PROSPECTUS 
Each Dealer and/or each further financial intermediary subsequently reselling or finally placing the Notes is entitled 
to use the Prospectus in Luxembourg and Germany or such other Member State whose competent authorities have 
been notified of the approval of this Prospectus for the subsequent resale or final placement of the relevant Notes 
during the respective offer period (as determined in the applicable Final Terms) during which subsequent resale or 
final placement of the relevant Notes can be made, if and to the extent specified in the applicable Final Terms, provided 
however, that the Prospectus is still valid in accordance with Article 11(1) of the Prospectus Regulation. The Issuer 
accepts responsibility for the content of the Prospectus and the applicable Final Terms also with respect to such 
subsequent resale or final placement of the Notes. 
Such consent for the subsequent resale or final placement of Notes by the financial intermediaries may be restricted to 
certain jurisdictions and subject to conditions as stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
The Prospectus may only be delivered to potential investors together with all supplements published before such 
delivery. Any supplement to the Prospectus is available for viewing in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
When using the Prospectus, each Dealer and/or relevant further financial intermediary must make certain that it 
complies with all applicable laws and regulations in force in the respective jurisdictions, including with the restrictions 
specified in the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" legend set out on the cover page of the applicable Final 
Terms, if any.

--- Page 199 ---
199 
 
In the event of an offer being made by a Dealer and/or a further financial intermediary, the Dealer and/or the 
further financial intermediary shall provide information to investors on the terms and conditions of the offer at 
the time the offer is made. 
Any Dealer and/or further financial intermediary using the Prospectus has to state on its website that it uses 
the Prospectus in accordance with this consent and the conditions attached thereto. 
10.4 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS  
10.4.1 
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws 
and regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses, 
distributes or publishes the Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material and will obtain any consent, 
approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and 
regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or 
deliveries and neither the Issuer, nor any other Dealer shall have any responsibility therefore. 
With regard to each Tranche, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply with such other additional restrictions as 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
10.4.2 
European Economic Area  
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area" will be selected to be "applicable" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions 
apply: 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes 
of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive 2016/97/EU as amended, where that customer 
would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the European 
Economic Area" will be selected to be "not applicable" in Part B of the relevant Final Terms the following 
restrictions apply: 
 
In relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each, a Relevant State), each Dealer has represented, 
warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated 
by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in that Relevant State except that it 
may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Relevant State: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in that Relevant State (Non-exempt Offer), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved 
by the competent authority in that Relevant State or, where appropriate, approved in another Relevant 
State and notified to the competent authority in that Relevant State, provided that any such prospectus

--- Page 200 ---
200 
 
has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms contemplating such Non-exempt Offer, in 
accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified 
in such prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for 
the purpose of that Non-exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the 
Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes in any Relevant 
State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression 
"Prospectus Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as amended. 
10.4.3 
United States 
(a) 
With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has acknowledged that the Notes have not been and will not be 
registered under the Securities Act, including Notes in bearer form that are subject to U.S. tax law requirements, 
and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to U.S. persons except pursuant to an exemption 
from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Each Dealer has 
represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not offered or sold, and will not offer or sell, any Note 
constituting part of its allotment within the United States except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S 
under the Securities Act (Regulation S). Accordingly, each Dealer further has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will 
engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note. Each Dealer has agreed that it will not offer, sell 
or deliver any Note in bearer form within the United States or to U.S. persons except as permitted by the 
Subscription Agreement. 
 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting 
on its or their behalf have offered or sold or will offer and sell the Notes by means of any form of general 
solicitation or general advertising (as those terms are used in Rule 502(c) under the Securities Act) in the United 
States. Each Dealer has further represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any 
persons acting on its or their behalf have made or caused to be made or will make or cause to be made a public 
offering of the Notes in the United States. 
 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in transactions permitted by U.S. tax regulations. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, 
and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering, an offer or sale of any Note within the United 
States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the registration requirements of 
the Securities Act. 
(b) 
 From and after the time that the Issuer notifies the Dealers in writing that it is no longer able to make the 
representations set out in the Dealer Agreement, each Dealer (i) acknowledges that the Notes have not been 
and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S or pursuant to an 
exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act; (ii) has represented, warranted and 
undertaken that it has not offered, sold or delivered any Notes, and will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes, 
(x) as part of its distribution at any time or (y) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the commencement of 
the offering and the closing date, except in accordance with Rule 903 of Regulation S; and accordingly, (iii)

--- Page 201 ---
201 
 
further has represented, warranted and undertaken that neither it, nor its affiliates nor any persons acting on 
its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to any Note, and it 
and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirements of Regulation S; and (iv) 
also has agreed that, at or prior to confirmation of any sale of Notes, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer 
or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases Notes from it during the 
distribution compliance period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
 
 "The Notes covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act), and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons by any person referred to in Rule 903(b)(2)(iii) of Regulation S under the Securities Act 
(Regulation S) (i) as part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the later of the 
commencement of the offering and the closing date, except in either case in accordance with Regulation S. 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S."  
(c) 
 With regard to each Tranche, each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it has not entered 
and will not enter into any contractual arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Notes, except 
with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Issuer, if applicable. 
(d) 
 Notes, other than Notes with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in accordance with the 
provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form 
that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the 
C Rules), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor 
rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986, as amended) (the D Rules), as specified in the Final Terms. 
 
 In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche of Notes, 
Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its possessions in connection with their 
original issuance. Each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken that it, in connection with the 
original issuance of Notes has not offered sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or 
indirectly, Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance. Further, 
each Dealer has represented, warranted and undertaken in connection with the original issuance of Notes, that 
it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if 
either such Dealer or such purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise 
involve its U.S. office in the offer or sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules and any successor 
provisions thereto. 
 
 In addition, in respect of Notes issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented, warranted 
and undertaken that: 
(i) 
except to the extent permitted under the D Rules, (x) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, directly or indirectly, Notes to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and (y) such Dealer has not 
delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its possessions definitive Notes that 
are sold during the restricted period; 
(ii) it has, and throughout the restricted period will have, in effect procedures reasonably designed 
to ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that 
such Notes may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the 
United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D Rules; 
(iii) if such Dealer is a United States person, it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale in 
connection with their original issuance, and not for the purpose of resale directly or indirectly 
to a person within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, and if such 
Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in accordance with the requirements 
of the D Rules (or any successor rules in substantially the same form that are applicable for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended);

--- Page 202 ---
202 
 
(iv) with respect to each affiliate that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering 
or selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (x) repeats and confirms 
the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this paragraph 
(d) on such affiliate's behalf or (y) agrees that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit 
of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) of this 
paragraph (d); and 
(v) it shall obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations, undertakings and agreements 
contained in subclauses (i), (ii), (iii) and (iv) of this paragraph (d) from any person other than 
its affiliate with whom it enters into a written contract (a "Distributor" as defined in the D 
Rules), for the offer or sale during the restricted period of the Notes. 
In addition, each Note issued in accordance with the D Rules will bear the following legend: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON (AS DEFINED IN THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA) WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION, 
DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY, WILL BE SUBJECT TO LIMITATIONS UNDER THE 
UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(J) AND 1287(A) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE 
CODE OF THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA." 
 
Terms used in this paragraph (d) have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended, and treasury regulations thereunder, including the D Rules and any successor 
provisions thereto. 
Terms used in the paragraphs (a) – (c) have the meanings given to them by Regulation S. 
10.4.4 
United Kingdom  
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom" will be selected to be "applicable" in Part II. A of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions 
apply: 
Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, 
sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as 
completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this 
provision: 
(a) 
the expression "retail investor" means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 as amended (the FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part 
of UK law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression "offer" includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide 
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes in relation to which "Prohibition of Sales to Retail Investors in the United 
Kingdom" will be selected to be "not applicable" in Part II. A of the relevant Final Terms the following restrictions 
apply:

--- Page 203 ---
203 
 
Public Offer Selling Restriction under the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to the public in the 
United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the Final Terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a Public Offer), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or 
(ii) is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with 
the transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 
2019, provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by the Final Terms 
contemplating such Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or Final Terms, as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the 
purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression "offer of Notes to the public" in relation to any Notes means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be 
offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes and the expression "UK Prospectus 
Regulation" means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of UK law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other regulatory restrictions in the United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary 
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) 
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes 
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
10.4.5 
Luxembourg 
The Notes having a maturity of less than 12 months that may qualify as securities and money market instruments in 
accordance with Article 17 of the Luxembourg Law, may not be offered or sold to the public within the territory of the 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg unless:

--- Page 204 ---
204 
 
(a)  
an alleviated prospectus has been duly approved by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier pursuant to Part III of the Luxembourg Law; or  
 (b) 
the offer benefits from an exemption to or constitutes a transaction not subject to, the requirement to 
 
publish an alleviated prospectus under Part III of the Luxembourg Law. 
10.4.6 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan (Act 
No. 25 of 1948, as amended) and, accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it will not offer or sell 
any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any Japanese Person or to others for re-offering 
or re-sale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to a Japanese Person except under circumstances which will result in 
compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and guidelines promulgated by the relevant Japanese governmental 
and regulatory authorities and in effect at the relevant time. For the purposes of this paragraph, Japanese Person shall 
mean any person resident in Japan, including any corporation or other entity organised under the laws of Japan. 
10.4.7 
Singapore 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that the Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary Authority of Singapore. 
Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of 
an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject 
of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this 
Prospectus or any other document or material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or 
purchase, of the Notes, whether directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than 
(a) 
to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A of the Securities and Futures Act 2001 of  
 
 
Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the SFA)) pursuant to Section 274 of the  
 
 
SFA; or 
 
 
 (b) 
to an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA) pursuant to and in accordance with 
 
 
  
the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA. 
10.4.8 
Switzerland 
Each Dealer has acknowledged, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to 
acknowledge, that with regard to Switzerland the Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to 
purchase or invest in the Notes described therein. The Notes may not be publicly offered directly or indirectly, in, into 
or from Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (FinSA) and will not be admitted to 
trading on any exchange or other trading venue in Switzerland. Neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus as such term is understood pursuant to the FinSA and 
neither the Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed 
or otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland. 
10.4.9 
Canada 
Each Dealer has acknowledged that no prospectus has been filed with any securities commission or similar regulatory 
authority in Canada in connection with the offer and sale of the Notes, the Notes have not been, and will not be, 
qualified for sale under the securities laws of Canada or any province or territory thereof and no securities commission 
or similar regulatory authority in Canada has reviewed or in any way passed this Base Prospectus or the merits of the 
Notes and any representation to the contrary is an offence. 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered, sold or distributed and will not offer, sell or 
distribute any Notes, directly or indirectly, in Canada or to or for the benefit of any resident of Canada, other than in 
compliance with applicable securities laws and, without limiting the generality of the foregoing:  
 
 
(a)  
 any offer or sale of the Notes in Canada will be made only to only to purchasers that are "accredited 
investors" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus 
Exemptions (NI 45-106) or, in Ontario, as such term is defined in section 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario)), that are also "permitted clients" (as such term is defined in section 1.1 of National

--- Page 205 ---
205 
 
Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations), 
that are purchasing as principal, or are deemed to be purchasing as principal in accordance with 
applicable Canadian securities laws, and that are not a person created or used solely to purchase or 
hold the Notes as an "accredited investor" as described in paragraph (m) of the definition of 
"accredited investor" in section 1.1 of NI 45-106; 
 
 
(b) 
 it is either (I) appropriately registered under applicable Canadian securities laws in each relevant 
province or territory to sell and deliver the Notes, (II) such sale and delivery will be made through 
an affiliate of it that is so registered if the affiliate is registered in a category that permits such sale 
and has agreed to make such sale and delivery in compliance with the representations, warranties 
and agreements set out herein, or (III) it is relying on an exemption from the dealer registration 
requirements under applicable Canadian securities laws and has complied with the requirements of 
that exemption; and  
 
 
(c) 
it has not and will not distribute or deliver any "offering memorandum" (as defined in relevant 
Canadian securities laws) in connection with any offering of the Notes in Canada or to a resident of 
Canada except in compliance with applicable Canadian securities laws.

--- Page 206 ---
206 
 
11. 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
11.1 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
Some or all of the Dealers and their affiliates are or may be in the future borrowers from or creditors of the Company 
and its affiliates. Proceeds from issues under the programme may be used to repay financial liabilities to Dealers. 
In addition, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking 
and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Company and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business and/or for companies involved directly or indirectly in the sector in which the Issuer and/or 
its affiliates operate, and for which such Dealers have received or may receive customary fees, commissions, 
reimbursement of expenses and indemnification. Certain of the Dealers may also have positions, deals or make markets 
in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and reference obligations, including (but not limited to) 
entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to 
manage their exposure, their general market risk, or other trading activities. They have received, or may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions for these transactions. 
Moreover, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad 
array of investments and actively trade debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial 
instruments (including bank loans) for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments 
and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or Issuer's affiliates. The Dealers and/or 
their affiliates may receive allocations of the Notes (subject to customary closing conditions), which could affect future 
trading of the Notes. Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely 
hedge their credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes issued 
under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the 
Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients 
that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. Interests of persons involved in a 
specific issue of Notes under the Programme will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
11.2 
AUTHORISATION 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes thereunder have been duly authorised by Infineon 
Technologies AG. 
Infineon Technologies AG will obtain from time to time all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in 
connection with the issue and performance of its obligations under the Notes. 
11.3 
CLEARING SYSTEMS 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Clearstream Banking AG, Frankfurt am Main (Mergenthalerallee 
61, 65760 Eschborn) (CBF), Clearstream Banking S.A., Luxembourg (42 Avenue JF Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, 
Luxembourg) (CBL) and Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium) (Euroclear). 
The appropriate German securities number (WKN) (if any), Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by CBF, CBL and Euroclear will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes are to be cleared 
through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
11.4 
DOCUMENTS ON DISPLAY 
So long as Notes are capable of being issued under the Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, when 
published, be available free of charge during normal business hours from the registered office of the Issuer: 
 
 
(i) 
a copy of this prospectus;  
 
 
(ii) 
a copy of any supplements to this Prospectus; 
 
 
(iii) 
the articles of association of the Company. 
Electronic versions of the constitutional documents of the Issuer are also available on the Company's website.

--- Page 207 ---
207 
 
The documents incorporated herein by reference can be accessed by using the hyperlinks set out in the section 
"12 Documents Incorporated by Reference" below. 
This Prospectus, any document incorporated by reference and any supplement to this Prospectus will be published on 
the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
In the case of Notes listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or publicly offered in the Grand 
Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com). In the case of Notes listed on any other stock exchange or publicly offered in one or more member 
states of the European Economic Area other than the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg, the Final Terms will be displayed 
on the website of Infineon (www.infineon.com). 
11.5 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION: 
With respect to any information included herein and specified to be sourced from a third party (i) the Issuer confirms 
that any such information has been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information available to it from such third party, no facts have been omitted the omission of which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading and (ii) neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has independently verified 
any such information and neither the Issuer nor any Dealer accepts any responsibility for the accuracy thereof.

--- Page 208 ---
208 
 
12. 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following information contained in the following documents which have been published, are published 
simultaneously with this Prospectus or will be published after the approval and during the 12-month validity period of 
this Prospectus and filed with the CSSF shall be incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Prospectus: 
The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Infineon Technologies AG as at and for the fiscal year 
ended 30 September 2024 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  
page 90 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 91 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 92 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
page 93 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
pages 94-95 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 96-172 
Independent Auditor's Report (*) 
pages 174-181 
The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Infineon Technologies AG as at and for the fiscal year 
ended 30 September 2023 (English language version) 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
page 89 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 90 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 91 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
page 92 
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
page 93-94 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
pages 95-171 
Independent Auditor's Report (*) 
pages 173-179 
The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information (prepared in accordance with the 
recognition and measurement principles of IFRS on interim financial reporting (IAS 34)) of Infineon 
Technologies AG as at and for the three-month period ended 31 December 2024 from the quarterly group 
statement (Konzernquartalsmitteilung) (English language version) 
Condensed consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
page 7(**) 
Condensed consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
page 8(**) 
Condensed consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
page 12(**) 
Condensed consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
page 16(**) 
Condensed consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
pages 13-14(**) 
Selected segmentation data 
page 9(**) 
Basis of Presentation 
page 16(**)

--- Page 209 ---
209 
 
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 February 2022 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
pages 64-111 
The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 7 February 2024 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
pages 66-114 
Any information contained in or incorporated by reference into the Prospectus dated 5 February 2025 of Infineon 
Technologies AG that is not included in the above cross-reference lists is either not relevant for investors or covered 
elsewhere in this Prospectus. 
(*)  
The independent auditor's reports, prepared in accordance with section 322 German Commercial Code (HGB) 
refer to the complete consolidated financial statements and the respective management reports for the respective 
fiscal year. The management reports are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The independent 
auditor's reports and the consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective German-
language documents. 
(**)  Please note, that the document is not numbered continuously, therefore the page numbers listed in the table above 
refer to the pages of the complete document and not to the page number printed on the respective page. 
Future financial information 
In accordance with Article 19(1b) of the Prospectus Regulation, within a period of twelve months from the date of this 
Prospectus, the following information shall be incorporated in, and form part of, this Prospectus as and when such 
information is published electronically on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange: 
 
 
(i) 
 The future audited consolidated annual financial statements as at and for the fiscal year ending 30 
September 2025 (English language version) of Infineon Technologies AG; 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss  
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
Independent Auditor's Report (*) 
 
 
(ii) 
the future reviewed consolidated half-year financial report for the six-month period ending 31 March 
2025 (English language version) of Infineon Technologies AG; and 
Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive Income 
Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Consolidated Statement of Changes in Equity 
Notes to the condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements 
Independent Auditor's Review Report (**) 
 
 
(iii) 
the future unaudited consolidated quarterly financial information (prepared in accordance with the 
recognition and measurement principles of IFRS on interim financial reporting (IAS 34)) of Infineon 
Technologies AG as at and for the nine-month period ending 30 June 2025 from the quarterly group 
statement (Konzernquartalsmitteilung) (English language version).

--- Page 210 ---
210 
 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Profit or Loss 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Financial Position 
Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows  
Selected Segmentation Data 
(*)   The independent auditor's reports, prepared in accordance with section 322 German Commercial Code (HGB) 
refer to the complete consolidated financial statements and the respective management reports for the respective 
fiscal year. The management reports are not incorporated by reference in this Prospectus. The independent 
auditor's reports and the consolidated financial statements are both translations of the respective German-
language documents. 
(**)  The independent auditor's review report refers to the complete condensed consolidated financial statements and 
the respective interim management report. The interim management report is not incorporated by reference in 
this Prospectus. The review report and the condensed consolidated financial statements are both translations of 
the respective German-language documents. 
Availability of documents incorporated by reference 
Any document incorporated herein by reference are available free of charge and may be inspected during usual business 
hours on any working day from the date hereof for the whole life of the Prospectus at the offices of Infineon 
Technologies AG as set out at the end of this Prospectus and will be published on the website of the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Prospectus may be obtained (without charge) from the registered 
office of the Issuer and the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
Electronic versions of the documents incorporated by reference are also available on the website of Infineon 
(www.infineon.com) and can be accessed by using the following hyperlink:

--- Page 211 ---
211 
 
 
1. The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Infineon Technologies AG as at and for the fiscal year ended 
30 September 2024: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10ab2d22b7bf7f4295b3e73719f3f4a5f4 
2. The IFRS audited consolidated financial statements of Infineon Technologies AG as at and for the fiscal year ended 
30 September 2023: 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10b956bdf60e544349a22fbbc135cd32dc 
3.  The unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial information of Infineon Technologies AG as at and for the 
three-month period ended 31 December 2024 from the quarterly group statement: 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/100a7d38b9173e483795602e661209c005 
4. The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 4 February 2022 (pages 64-111) 
 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/1075d991c0e7d34fb8ad53ff61837d816a 
5. The Debt Issuance Programme Prospectus dated 7 February 2024 (pages 66-114) 
https://dl.luxse.com/dlp/10d6583df1177240c4b3c7e8f4d8d29cda

--- Page 212 ---
212 
 
13. 
NAMES AND ADDRESSES 
THE ISSUER 
Infineon Technologies AG 
Am Campeon 1-15  
85579 Neubiberg 
Germany 
FISCAL AND PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc  
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
SUB-PAYING AGENT 
Citibank Europe plc, Germany Branch  
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
CALCULATION AGENT (IN RESPECT OF CERTAIN FIXED RATE NOTES) 
Conv-Ex Advisors Limited 
80 Coleman Street 
London, EC2R 5BJ 
United Kingdom 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
Banque Internationale Luxembourg 
69, route d'Esch 
Office PLM -101F 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
ARRANGER 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
DEALERS 
 
 
Bank of China (Europe) S.A. 
55 Boulevard Royal 
L-2449 Luxembourg  
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
Bayerische Landesbank 
Brienner Straße 18 
80333 Munich 
Germany 
BNP Paribas  
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France  
 
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 rue La Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France

--- Page 213 ---
213 
 
Citigroup Global Markets Europe AG 
Börsenplatz 9 
60313 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
 
Commerzbank Aktiengesellschaft 
Kaiserstraße 16 (Kaiserplatz) 
60311 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des Etats-Unis 
CS 70052 
92547 Montrouge CEDEX 
France 
 
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft 
Taunusanlage 12 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral-
Genossenschaftsbank, Frankfurt am Main 
Platz der Republik 
60325 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
Goldman Sachs Bank Europe SE 
Marienturm  
Taunusanlage 9 - 10 
60329 Frankfurt am Main  
Germany 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam  
the Netherlands 
J.P. Morgan SE 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany  
Mizuho Securities Europe GmbH 
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany   
UniCredit Bank GmbH 
Arabellastraße 12 
81925 Munich 
Germany 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
Freshfields PartG mbB 
Bockenheimer Anlage 44 
60322 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
To the Dealers 
Linklaters LLP 
Taunusanlage 8 
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany 
AUDITORS TO THE ISSUER 
For the fiscal year ended 30 September 2023: 
KPMG AG Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Friedenstraße 10 
81671 Munich  
Germany 
For the fiscal year ended 30 September 2024: 
Deloitte GmbH Wirtschaftsprüfungsgesellschaft 
Rosenheimer Platz 4 
81669 München 
Germany