--- Page 1 ---
1 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A.
(incorporated with limited liability in the Republic of Italy) 
€3,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Under this €3,000,000,000 Euro Medium Term Note Programme (the Programme), Infrastrutture Wireless 
Italiane S.p.A. (the Issuer, the Company or INWIT) may from time to time issue notes (the Notes) 
denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (as defined below). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
will not exceed €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme 
Agreement described herein), subject to increase as described herein.  
The Notes may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under “General 
Description of the Programme” and any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time 
by the Issuer (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may be for a specific issue or on 
an ongoing basis. References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of 
Notes being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe 
such Notes. 
An investment in Notes issued under the Programme involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these 
risks see “Risk Factors”. 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur 
Financier (the CSSF), as competent authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation). The CSSF only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, 
comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Approval by the CSSF should not 
be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer or of the quality of the Notes. Investors should make their own 
assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes. 
By approving this Base Prospectus, in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, the CSSF does not engage 
in respect of the economic or financial opportunity and gives no undertaking as to the economic and financial 
soundness of the transaction or the quality or solvency of the Issuer in line with the provisions of Article 6 (4) 
of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities. Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Notes being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes 
have been admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and have been admitted 
to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange. The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market 
is a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 
2014/65/EU). 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid until 20 October 
2022, which corresponds to a period of 12 months from its date, in relation to Notes which are to be 
admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA). The obligation 
to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material 
inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid.

--- Page 2 ---
2 
 
 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue price 
of Notes and certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes”) of Notes will be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be 
filed with the CSSF.  
Copies of Final Terms in relation to Notes to be listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will be published 
on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
The Programme provides that Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or 
further stock exchanges or markets as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. The Issuer 
may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any market. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the 
Securities Act) or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. 
The Issuer has been rated BB+ by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (S&P) and BBB- by Fitch Ratings 
Limited (Fitch). S&P is established in the EEA and is registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 
(as amended) (the CRA Regulation). As such, S&P is included in the list of credit rating agencies published 
by 
the 
European 
Securities 
and 
Markets 
Authority 
(ESMA) 
on 
its 
website 
(at 
http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation. Fitch is established in the United Kingdom and registered under the Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA) 
(the UK CRA Regulation), and included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the Financial 
Conduct Authority (the FCA) on its website (at https://www.fca.org.uk/firms/financial-services-register). 
Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating 
will be disclosed in the Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Amounts payable on Floating Rate Notes will be calculated by reference to one of LIBOR, which is provided 
by ICE Benchmark Administration Limited, or EURIBOR, which is provided by the European Money Markets 
Institute, as specified in the relevant Final Terms. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the European Money 
Markets Institute is included in the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 of the Regulation (EU) No. 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). As 
at the date of this Base Prospectus, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited is not included in the register of 
administrators maintained by ESMA under Article 36 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation. As far as the Issuer 
is aware, the transitional provisions in Article 51 of the EU Benchmarks Regulation apply, such that ICE 
Benchmark Administration Limited (as administrator of LIBOR) is not currently required to obtain 
authorization/registration (or, if located outside the European Union, recognition, endorsement or 
equivalence). 
  
 
Arrangers 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A.

--- Page 3 ---
3 
 
 
 
 
Dealers 
BNP PARIBAS  
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 October 2021.

--- Page 4 ---
4 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION 
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus in respect of all Notes issued under the Programme 
for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation. When used in this Base Prospectus, 
Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and the Final 
Terms for each Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme. To the best of the knowledge of the 
Issuer (having taken all reasonable care to ensure that such is the case) the information contained in 
this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be 
incorporated in it by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). This Base Prospectus shall 
be read and construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base 
Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus 
refers does not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
The Dealers have not independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability 
is accepted by the Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Issuer in connection with 
the Programme.   
No person is or has been authorised by the Issuer to give any information or to make any representation 
not contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the Notes and, if given or made, such information or representation 
must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or 
any Notes (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Notes should 
purchase any Notes. Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own 
independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Issuer or any of the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained in it concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to its date or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The 
Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the Programme or to advise any investor in Notes issued under the Programme of any information 
coming to their attention. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS –The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II);

--- Page 5 ---
5 
 
 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID 
II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA 
may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or otherwise 
made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the 
United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail 
client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or 
regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise 
making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “MiFID II product governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger 
nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the MIFID 
Product Governance Rules.  
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include a 
legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product 
Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own 
target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) 
and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for 
the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
 
 
IMPORTANT INFORMATION RELATING TO THE USE OF THIS BASE PROSPECTUS AND 
OFFERS OF NOTES GENERALLY 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Notes in any 
jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  The 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. The Issuer and the Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, 
or that any Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any applicable registration or other requirements 
in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for 
facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action has been taken by the Issuer or the Dealers 
which is intended to permit a public offering of any Notes or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required. Accordingly, no Notes may be offered or sold, directly 
or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be 
distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any 
applicable laws and regulations. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Notes may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe, any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offering and sale of Notes. In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus 
and the offer or sale of Notes in the EEA (including, for these purposes, Italy, France and Belgium), the United 
Kingdom, Japan and the United States, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Notes in any Member State of the 
European Economic Area (each, a Member State) will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus 
Regulation from the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes. Accordingly any person making 
or intending to make an offer in that Member State of Notes which are the subject of an offering contemplated 
in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Notes may only do so in 
circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus 
Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer have authorised, nor do 
they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Issuer 
or any Dealer to publish or supplement a prospectus for such offer. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
PRESENTATION OF FINANCIAL AND OTHER INFORMATION 
Presentation of Financial Information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Issuer has been 
derived from (i) the audited financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 
and 31 December 2020 (together, the Financial Statements), and (ii) the audited half-year financial report at 
30 June 2021 of the Issuer (the 2021 Half-Year Report).  
The Issuer’s financial year ends on 31 December, and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year 
are to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year. The Financial Statements  and the 2021 Half-
Year Report have been prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards (IFRS) issued 
by the International Accounting Standards Board. 
Certain Defined Terms and Conventions 
Capitalised terms which are used but not defined in any particular section of this Base Prospectus will have 
the meaning attributed to them in “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” or any other section of this Base 
Prospectus. In addition, the following terms as used in this Base Prospectus have the meanings defined below:

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
In this Base Prospectus, all references to: 
• 
U.S. dollars, U.S.$ and $ refer to United States dollars; 
• 
Sterling and £ refer to pounds sterling; and 
• 
euro and € refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
References to a billion are to a thousand million. 
Certain figures and percentages included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments; 
accordingly, figures shown in the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures 
shown as totals in certain tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
SUITABILITY OF INVESTMENT 
The Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors. Each potential investor in the Notes must 
determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, each potential 
investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional advisers, 
whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Notes, the merits and 
risks of investing in the Notes and the information contained or incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus or any applicable supplement; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the Notes and the impact the Notes will have on its overall 
investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Notes, 
including Notes where the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential 
investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Notes and is familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
indices and financial markets; and 
(v) 
is able to evaluate possible scenarios for economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its 
investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments. The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each potential 
investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Notes are legal 
investments for it, (2) Notes can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) other restrictions 
apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the 
appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital 
or similar rules.

--- Page 8 ---
8 
 
 
CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 9 
Risk Factors ...................................................................................................................................................... 14 
Glossary of Terms relating to the Issuer ........................................................................................................... 29 
Documents Incorporated by Reference ............................................................................................................ 34 
Form of the Notes ............................................................................................................................................. 37 
Applicable Final Terms .................................................................................................................................... 39 
Terms and Conditions of the Notes .................................................................................................................. 53 
Use of Proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 86 
Description of the Issuer ................................................................................................................................... 87 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 115 
Subscription and Sale ..................................................................................................................................... 125 
General Information ....................................................................................................................................... 129 
 
 
STABILISATION 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Notes, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable 
Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public 
disclosure of the terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Notes is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche 
of Notes and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Notes. Any stabilisation 
action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting 
on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules.

--- Page 9 ---
9 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Notes, the applicable Final Terms. The Issuer and any relevant Dealer may agree that Notes shall be 
issued in a form other than that contemplated in the Terms and Conditions, in which event, a new Base 
Prospectus, a drawdown prospectus or a supplement to the Base Prospectus, if appropriate, in the case of 
listed Notes only, will be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation 
to such Notes.  
This Overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” shall have 
the same meanings in this Overview. 
Issuer: 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 
81560066183FE361C071 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Issuer’s ability to 
fulfil its obligations under Notes issued under the Programme.     
In addition, there are certain factors which are material for the 
purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme and risks relating to the structure of 
a particular Series of Notes issued under the Programme. All of 
these are set out under “Risk Factors”. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arrangers: 
BNP Paribas 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Dealers: 
BNP Paribas 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
 
 
and any other Dealers appointed in accordance with the 
Programme Agreement. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in circumstances 
which comply with such laws, guidelines, regulations, 
restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
“Subscription and Sale”) including the following restrictions 
applicable at the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year

--- Page 10 ---
10 
 
 
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 
2000 (FSMA) unless they are issued to a limited class of 
professional investors and have a denomination of at least 
£100,000 or its equivalent, see “Subscription and Sale”. 
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent: 
Citibank Europe PLC 
Programme Size: 
Up to €3,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described in the Programme Agreement) 
outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the amount of 
the Programme in accordance with the terms of the Programme 
Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Notes may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, notes 
may be denominated in any currency agreed between the Issuer 
and the relevant Dealer, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Maturities: 
The Notes will have such maturities as may be agreed between 
the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, subject to such minimum or 
maximum maturities as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws 
or regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued on a fully-paid basis and at an issue price 
which is at par or at a discount to, or premium over, par. The Issue 
Price will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Form of Notes 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form as described in “Form of 
the Notes”.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be 
agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer and on 
redemption, and will be calculated on the basis of such Day Count 
Fraction as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer, each as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(a) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional 
interest rate swap transaction in the relevant Specified 
Currency governed by an agreement incorporating the 
2006 ISDA Definitions (as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc., and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of 
the Notes of the relevant Series); or

--- Page 11 ---
11 
 
 
 
(b) 
on the basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes in respect of each Interest Period, 
as agreed prior to issue by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer, will 
be payable on such Interest Payment Dates, and will be calculated 
on the basis of such Day Count Fraction, as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer for each Series of 
Floating Rate Notes. 
 
Floating Rate Notes may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
Zero Coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Benchmark discontinuation: 
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference 
Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) 
remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference 
Rate, then the Issuer shall use its reasonable endeavours to 
appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing 
which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) 
(Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.4(c)) 
(Adjustment Spread)) and any Benchmark Amendments (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant 
Notes cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other 
than for taxation reasons or following an Event of Default) or that 
such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer and/or 
the Noteholders upon giving notice to the Noteholders or the 
Issuer, as the case may be, on a date or dates specified prior to 
such stated maturity and at a price or prices and on such other 
terms as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer.   
 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year are subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see “Certain 
Restrictions - Notes having a maturity of less than one year” 
above. 
Change of Control Put: 
The applicable Final Terms may provide that, upon the 
occurrence of a Put Event (as described below), Notes will be 
redeemable at the option of the Noteholders upon giving notice 
to the Issuer on a date or dates specified prior to their stated 
maturity and on such other terms as may be agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer and specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and at an Optional Redemption Amount equal to

--- Page 12 ---
12 
 
 
100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be redeemed 
(except for Zero Coupon Notes). 
 
A Change of Control shall be deemed to occur, as described in 
Condition 6.7 (Redemption at the option of the Noteholders 
(Change of Control Put)), if more than 50 per cent. of the share 
capital of the Issuer and (i) more than 50 per cent. of the voting 
rights normally exercisable at a general meeting of the Issuer, or 
(ii) the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors of 
the Issuer or of any other equivalent governing body whether 
through the ownership of voting capital, by contract or otherwise, 
is acquired, directly or indirectly, by any Person (other than 
Reference Shareholders and any of their respective Subsidiaries). 
 
A Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, in respect of any 
Notes, during the period from the Issue Date to the Maturity Date, 
there occurs a Change of Control (as described above) and, during 
the period ending on the 30th day after the public announcement 
of the Change of Control having occurred, either (as further 
described in Condition 6.7 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Change of Control Put)) (A) a Rating Downgrade 
resulting from that Change of Control occurs or (B) a Negative 
Rating Event resulting from that Change of Control occurs. 
Denomination of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank 
(or equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency, see “Certain Restrictions - Notes 
having a maturity of less than one year” above, and save that the 
minimum denomination of each Note will be €100,000 (or, if the 
Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amounts in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Notes will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by any 
Tax Jurisdiction as provided in Condition 7 (Taxation). In the 
event that any such deduction is made, the Issuer will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 7 (Taxation), 
be required to pay additional amounts to cover the amounts so 
deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a negative pledge provision 
as further described in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge). 
Cross Default: 
The terms of the Notes will contain a cross default provision as 
further described in Condition 9 (Events of Default). 
Status of the Notes: 
The Notes will constitute direct, unconditional, unsubordinated 
and (subject to the provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be 
preferred by law) equally with all other unsecured obligations

--- Page 13 ---
13 
 
 
(other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from 
time to time outstanding. 
Rating: 
Series of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated 
or unrated. Where a Series of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
disclosed in the applicable Final Terms. A security rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject 
to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Approval, Admission to Trading and 
Listing: 
Application has been made to the CSSF to approve this document 
as a base prospectus. Application has also been made for Notes 
issued under the Programme to be listed on the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange, admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market and admitted to the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  
 
Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
other or further stock exchanges or markets agreed between the 
Issuer and the relevant Dealer in relation to the Series. Notes 
which are neither listed nor admitted to trading on any market 
may also be issued. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant 
Notes are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on 
which stock exchanges and/or markets. 
Governing Law: 
The Notes and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or 
in connection with the Notes will be governed by, and shall be 
construed in accordance with, English law, except for the 
provisions contained in Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders 
and Modification) of the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” 
and the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning the 
meeting of Noteholders and the appointment of the 
rappresentante comune are subject to compliance with Italian 
law. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of the Notes 
in the United States, the EEA (including, for these purposes, Italy, 
France and Belgium), the United Kingdom, Japan and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering 
and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, see “Subscription and 
Sale”. 
United States Selling Restrictions: 
Regulation S, Category 2. TEFRA C Rules/TEFRA D 
Rules/TEFRA not applicable, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 14 ---
14 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing Notes, investors assume the risk that the Issuer may become insolvent or otherwise be unable 
to make all payments due in respect of the Notes. There is a wide range of factors which individually or 
together could result in the Issuer becoming unable to make all payments due under the Notes. It is not possible 
to identify all such factors or to determine which factors are most likely to occur, as the Issuer may not be 
aware of all relevant factors and certain factors which it currently deem not to be material may become 
material as a result of the occurrence of events outside the Issuer’s control. The Issuer has identified in this 
Base Prospectus a number of factors which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due under the Notes.   
In addition, factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with Notes 
issued under the Programme are also described below. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and 
reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
FACTORS THAT MAY AFFECT THE ISSUER’S ABILITY TO FULFIL ITS OBLIGATIONS 
UNDER NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME  
1. Risk factors concerning the Company 
1.1 Risks related to the Company’s inability to implement its development strategy 
In the event the Company is unable to successfully implement one or more of its development strategies, there 
may be negative effects on its activities and on its income, balance sheet and financial situation. The 
Company's ability to increase its revenues and improve profitability also depends on the successful 
implementation of its strategy. The Company's strategy is based, among other things, on the following 
elements: 
▪ leveraging the assets of existing Sites by maximising the co-tenancy ratio; 
▪ rationalization of operating costs; 
▪ development of new services consistent with its core business; 
▪ meeting the hosting demand for existing sites; and 
▪ expansion of the number of Sites in line with developments in demand. 
With regard to the satisfaction of hosting demand in particular, the ability to meet the demand also depends on 
the availability of physical and electromagnetic spaces. The presence of spaces that are unable to meet the 
demand could have an adverse effect on the Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
1.2 Risks related to non-compliance with applicable regulations 
The Company is subject to potential non-compliance with applicable regulations, both external (laws, 
regulations, applicable accounting standards) and internal (e.g. code of ethics), and seeks to implement all the

--- Page 15 ---
15 
 
 
actions aimed at ensuring the adequacy of the company processes for the regulations applicable to it, in terms 
of procedures, supporting information systems and required business conduct.  
Of particular importance in this regard are the EU Regulation 2016/679 on General Data Protection Regulation 
(GDPR) and Legislative Decree 231/2001 which establishes the liability of the Company 
for offenses committed by its management. 
Any breaches of the rules and regulations may have significant adverse effects on the Company’s 
financial position and reputation. 
1.3 Risks associated with the MSA 
The Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position are exposed to risks arising from the non-renewal 
or early termination of agreements (MSAs) entered into with TIM and Vodafone. INWIT’s network 
infrastructure is the essential asset for the delivery of the services provided by the two operators and for the 
development of new services, in response to market demand (e.g. 5G), and both agreements have a duration 
of eight years, automatically renewable for further eight-year periods, unless terminated. 
Given the importance of these agreements for the Company’s revenues, if the operators exercise their right of 
withdrawal or terminate the agreement on expiry, this would have a significant adverse impact on the 
Company’s business and its earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
In addition, in view of the long-term duration of the MSAs signed with the above-mentioned operators and in 
light of the presence of a set fee for the entire duration of the agreements, any increase in the costs incurred by 
the Company (also as a result of measures adopted by the competent Authorities and net of any concessions 
and/or benefits) that are not covered by the fee due from the operator would lead to a reduction in the 
Company’s revenue margin, with consequent adverse effects on its earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
1.4 Risks relating to non-compliance with the Commitments and/or amendment of the Commitments 
by the European Commission 
The failure to meet the Commitments submitted to the Commission pursuant to Article 6(2) of the Merger 
Regulation by the notifying parties (TIM and Vodafone Group Plc) may have an adverse effect on the 
Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position if the breach of the Commitments is attributable to 
default by the Company, as agreed between TIM, Vodafone Group Plc, VOD and INWIT in the letter dated 
25 March 2020, according to which, in such case, there is no limitation on any recourse by the notifying parties 
against INWIT.  
Consequently, if it is found to be in default, INWIT would be required to compensate the notifying parties for 
the amount paid by them as a penalty imposed by the European Commission for breach of the Commitments, 
in addition to any further damages, which would have an adverse effect, potentially even significant, on the 
Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
1.5 Risks associated with changes to the organizational model 
Many of the Company’s operating activities were previously carried out and managed by third parties and/or 
by the former parent company, TIM. The management of these activities, although provided by alternative 
suppliers able to offer a quality of service similar to that provided by TIM, may entail more onerous financial 
conditions with consequent adverse effects on the Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position.  
It cannot be ruled out that, in order to ensure the full functioning of its equipment, INWIT may need to increase 
or downsize its workforce, with potential adverse effects on its operations and its earnings, cash flows and 
financial position. 
1.6 Risks related to the contractual and administrative structure of the Sites

--- Page 16 ---
16 
 
 
Given the importance of the Company's network infrastructure in the conduct of its business, any adverse 
events for such infrastructure could have negative effects on the income, balance sheet, and financial situation 
of the Company. 
With regard to the Sites, there is a risk that the lease, sublease and/or concession for use agreements are not 
renewed, the Company being thus obliged to restore the land to its original condition, or the risk that any 
renewals are not obtained on terms at least comparable to those in place, with negative impact on the 
profitability of Site operations and consequently on the financial position, earnings and cash flows of the 
Company. 
In addition, with regard to the management of the hosting agreements in particular, the improper management 
of those agreements and their execution, performance and monitoring could have adverse effects on the 
profitability of the management of the Sites and consequently on the Company’s earnings, cash flows and 
financial position. 
1.7 Risks associated with Related Party Transactions 
The Company has engaged and is engaged in significant relations with TIM and with Vodafone. The operations 
deriving from these relationships have the typical risks connected with operations between parties whose 
membership of or links to the Company and/or its decision-making structures could compromise the 
objectivity and impartiality of the decisions relating to those operations.  
The Company believes that the conditions envisaged and actually applied in the operations deriving from these 
relationships are in line with normal market conditions. However, there is no guarantee that, if these operations 
had been carried out with third parties, those parties would have negotiated or entered into the respective 
agreements, or performed the same transactions, at the same terms and conditions and in the same manner. 
1.8 Risks related to key personnel 
Any interruption in the employment relationship between the Company and its key personnel could have an 
adverse effect on the Company’s income, balance sheet and financial situation. 
The results achieved by the Company also depend on the contribution of certain individuals who hold 
significant positions within the Company and have significant experience in the industry in which the 
Company is engaged (including, specifically, the CEO, the CFO, the Head of Marketing & Sales, the Head of 
Technology and the Head of Operations & Maintenance). 
1.9 Risks related to costs for restoring the Sites and potentially inadequate provision for restoration 
costs 
As part of its activity following decommissioning of the site, the Company must dismantle the infrastructure 
and restore the site to its original condition if this is envisaged by any legal or constructive obligation in the 
lease relating to the areas/buildings where the infrastructure is located.  
In this regard, it should be noted that, as a rule, the leases provide for the Company’s obligation to dismantle 
and restore the site to its original condition. The valuation of the provision for restoration costs is affected both 
by the expected unit restoration costs and by the inflation/discount rates, which are beyond the Company’s 
control and whose changes may adversely affect the income and balance sheet situation of the Company.  
Without prejudice to the above, the provisions recognized in the Half-Year Financial Statements at 30 June 
2021 were considered adequate by the Company. 
1.10 Risks related to potential conflicts of interest by some of the Directors

--- Page 17 ---
17 
 
 
This risk is related to potential conflicts of interest arising from the fact that some members of the Board of 
Directors hold positions in companies that are part of the chain of control of the Company. 
1.11 Risks related to ownership of the rights to use the frequencies assigned to mobile network operators 
The Company's activity is not linked to authorizations concerning the rights to use frequencies, which are held 
by mobile telephone operators on the basis of tender, awarding and renewal procedures independently of the 
Company. 
The Company's business depends on the ability of its mobile telephone operator customers to preserve their 
rights to use the frequencies and to renew the related authorizations. There is no certainty that, in the long 
term, telephone operator customers will be able to retain ownership of the frequencies in relation to which the 
Company provides its services or that the frequencies currently held by such customers will be again allocated 
to them in the future. 
2. Risk factors related to the industry in which the Company operates 
2.1 Risks related to IT security and system outages 
The management of ICT systems and the need to ensure the security of those systems and their continuous 
operation are important aspects of the business operations. In this context, loss of data, inappropriate 
dissemination of data and/or outages of ICT systems, as a result of accidental events or malicious acts involving 
the information system, may have potential adverse effects on the Company’s business and its earnings, cash 
flows and financial position. 
2.2 Risks related to the discontinuation of Site activities 
The Company relies on infrastructure to provide its services and, more generally, to conduct its business; by 
its very nature, this infrastructure is subject to interruptions or other malfunctions caused, among other things, 
by prolonged power outages, security issues or suppliers’ defaults. 
A prolonged interruption in the service provided for reasons attributable to unauthorized accesses or power 
blackouts, or any actions taken in order to deal with or prevent them, could lead to significant additional costs 
for the Company, or prevent its operation, with possible negative effects on the Company’s business and its 
earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
2.3 Risks associated with the operation of existing sites, the identification of new sites suitable for the 
development of the Company’s projects, and the issuance and/or revocation of administrative 
authorizations 
Any difficulties connected with the identification of new Sites and/or their allocation, also in view of the 
increasing competition in the telecommunications network infrastructure sector, as well as any failure or delay 
in obtaining authorizations and permits and their subsequent withdrawal and/or suspensions or cancellations 
of the authorizations, could lead to adverse effects on the Company’s operations and, consequently, on its 
earnings, cash flows and financial position. 
In addition, in view of the importance of the Sites for the Company, maintenance is essential for the proper 
operation of the infrastructure, for the quality of the services provided to its customers and for the safety of its 
employees. The proper management and planning of maintenance work is an important aspect for limiting 
potential negative impacts on the Company. 
2.4 Risks associated with the possible contraction of customer demand for the Company’s services

--- Page 18 ---
18 
 
 
The Company offers integrated hosting services to its customers, with the aim of covering the entire value 
chain of the hosting business, in accordance with the business model adopted: from pure leasing of the 
equipment all the way to the services supporting the operation and maintenance of such equipment.  
Any contraction of customer demand for the services provided by the Company, even when due to contingent 
reasons, could have a negative impact on the Company’s income, balance sheet and financial situation. 
2.5 Risks related to the effects on infrastructure of natural disasters or other force majeure events 
The proper operation of the infrastructure is essential for the Company's activity and to provide services to its 
customers.  
Although the Company believes that it has adequate insurance coverage in place to compensate any damage 
caused by natural disasters or other force majeure events, and has developed operating procedures to be 
followed should such events occur, any damage to part or all of the towers of the Company or, more generally, 
to its Sites, resulting from natural disasters or other force majeure events, could hamper or, in some cases, 
prevent the Company's normal operations and its ability to continue to provide services to its customers. 
2.6 Risks related to technical and technological developments 
The Company’s inability to identify technical solutions capable of addressing market changes and future needs 
could have a negative impact on the income, balance sheet and financial situation of the Company. 
3. Financial Risks 
3.1 Risks related to the sustainability of the financial indebtedness  
The gross financial debt (indebitamento finanziario lordo) exclusive of IFRS 16 debt of the Issuer as at 30 
June 2021 is equal to Euro 3,201 million, composed by Bank Loans and Bonds. 
The indebtedness implies that a portion of the resources generated by the operational management will have 
to be allocated for covering the debt itself, for the payment of both interest and principal amounts that are due; 
where the financial resources generated by the management were insufficient to repay the principal amount 
or, on a discretionary basis, only part of them were applied for the repayment of the debt, the Issuer would 
need to resort to refinancing transactions in order for the debt to be repaid in full, with the uncertainty of 
finding alternatives for such refinancing and/or higher costs than budgeted.  
It is understood that there is no guarantee that the Issuer will be able to negotiate and obtain additional loans 
necessary for the development of its business or for the refinancing of the maturing loans, in the manner, terms 
and conditions set out in the agreements in place as of the date of this Base Prospectus, with the possible 
consequence of a negative impact on the Issuer’s business and economic and financial situation. This may be 
due to causes relating to the Issuer and its particular economic and financial performance, and to the 
implementation of business plans more or less in line with expectations, as well as to causes outside the Issuer’s 
control, arising from the general situation of the financial markets and/or the occurrence of systemic risks that 
could compromise its operation. 
In addition, if the cash flows generated by the Issuer itself are not sufficient to meet the commitments related 
to its financial debt, or if an event of default occurs, the lending institutions would be entitled to request 
repayment of all or part of the sums disbursed and not yet repaid, together with the payment of interest and 
any other sums due. Consequently, the Issuer may be forced to use other methods of financing that may not be 
available or may be available on less favourable terms, with consequent negative effects on the Issuer’s 
activities and on its economic, business and financial situation. 
3.2 Risks related to the Loan Agreement

--- Page 19 ---
19 
 
 
The Loan Agreements signed by the Issuer to finance business activities provide for a series of general and 
covenant commitments for the Company, both positive and negative, which, albeit in line with market practice 
for financing and similar, could limit operations. 
4. Risks related to the legislative and legal framework 
4.1 Risks related to environmental and health protection 
The Company is subject to comprehensive regulation on the protection of the environment and human health 
at the national and EU level.  
Although the Company is committed to be constantly in compliance with the applicable legislation, any 
violations of applicable environmental laws may result in adverse effects on the income, balance sheet and 
financial situation of the Company. 
4.2 Risks related to the Company losing the authorization to conduct its activity 
The activity carried out by the Company is subject to the issuance of special authorizations pursuant to the 
applicable regulations in effect. 
In the event the general authorization is not renewed upon expiration or is revoked by the Ministry or the 
Authority should the Company fail to comply with the conditions and specific obligations provided for in the 
Electronic Communications Code, the Company would no longer be able to continue operating as a network 
operator for the installation and provision of Passive Infrastructure, which would result in significant adverse 
effects on its income, balance sheet and financial situation. 
4.3 Risks associated with the reference regulatory framework in relation to the activities carried out by 
the Company’s customers 
The business operations of the Company’s customers are subject to complex regulations at national and EU 
level, particularly with regard to environmental and administrative aspects, where the numerous regulatory 
requirements imposed by the competent authorities and aimed directly at the Company’s customers are also 
significant.  
In this regard, the Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position may be impacted both as a result of 
breaches of or changes in the directly applicable regulatory framework and as a result of indirect consequences 
deriving from breaches of or changes in the regulatory framework applicable to its customers. 
Specifically, mobile phone operators hosted at the Company’s sites are subject to regulations aimed at 
protecting people and the environment from exposure to electromagnetic fields and any infringement of the 
legal and regulatory framework applicable to the Company’s customers may have a negative impact on the 
earnings, cash flows and financial position of its customers and, indirectly, of the Company. 
5. Risks relating to legal proceedings 
5.1 Risks related to court and administrative proceedings and to potentially inadequate provisions 
Any adverse outcome in the principal legal proceedings in which the Company is involved, for amounts 
significantly higher than those for which provision has been made, could have negative effects on the 
Company’s activities and on its income, balance sheet, and financial situation. 
Without prejudice to the above, the provisions recognized in the Half-Year Financial Statements at 30 June 3 
2021 were considered adequate by the Company at the date of completion of this document.  
For more information please see “Description of the Issuer — Legal proceedings and arbitration”.

--- Page 20 ---
20 
 
 
6. Risks associated with the deterioration of the Issuer’s creditworthiness   
The Issuer’s creditworthiness is an assessment of the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its financial commitments. 
Therefore, any actual or expected deterioration of the rating or of the outlook attributed to the Issuer may 
adversely affect the conditions of the Issuer’s funding and, consequently, its economic, business and financial 
conditions. 
The occurrence of the events subject to these risks could have significant negative impacts both on the return 
prospects of investing in INWIT and on the economic, business and financial condition of the Issuer.  
On 8 April 2021, Fitch confirmed the BBB- rating investment grade with stable outlook and, on 19 July 2021, 
S&P confirmed the BB+ rating with stable outlook. 
As part of its assessment, Fitch highlighted the following factors and assumptions: (i) structurally entrenched 
market position, with two leading Italian mobile operators as anchor tenants; (ii) ability of the Issuer’s business 
model to generate stable cash flows over time, thanks to the long duration of the TIM MSA and the VOD MSA 
renewable on an “all-or-nothing” basis; (iii) supportive mobile industry trends which shows continuous growth 
for the data, 5G coverage requirements, RAN Sharing and use of optical fibre to strengthen connectivity; (iv) 
margins for expansion and growth of the EBITDA, mainly related to the increase in revenues and the reduction 
in operating costs; and (v) setting of a dividend policy that reduces uncertainty and provides cash flow 
visibility.  
 
As part of its assessment, S&P highlighted the following factors and assumptions: (i) quality of INWIT’s 
network under protective long-term contracts; (ii) clients’ concentration, with approximately 90% of the 
revenues relating to medium-term services agreements with TIM and VOD; (iii) low risk profile of the tower 
sector and high predictable cash flow; and iv) long-term growth prospects from increasing demand of mobile 
operators for the development of the 5G.  
 
The credit ratings attributed to the Issuer are an assessment of the Issuer’s ability to fulfill its financial 
commitments when they will become due. Such rating judgements attributed to the Issuer may be modified or 
withdrawn by the rating agencies over time as a consequence of the change in the Issuer’s ability to honour its 
financial commitments, and therefore there is no guarantee that an assigned rating will remain unchanged over 
time, as the rating is based on the future prospects of each issuer. 
Thus, any actual or expected deterioration of the rating or of the outlook attributed to the Issuer may adversely 
affect the issuer’s funding conditions (e.g. cost and amount of the debt, were the Issuer to refinance existing 
debt loans or resort to new loans). 
7. Risks relating to macroeconomic conditions  
7.1 Risks related to Coronavirus COVID-19 
The COVID-19 health emergency has led to a contraction of the economy, with potentially negative effects 
on the Company’s earnings, cash flows and financial position. The rapid spread of COVID-19 since March 
2020 and the consequent public health emergency continue to generate uncertainty about economic prospects 
both in Italy and globally.  
The Company assesses this risk as medium. Although the COVID-19 health emergency is likely to lead to a 
contraction in the economy, with potentially negative effects on the economic, equity and financial situation 
of the Issuer, the activity carried out by INWIT is essential for the provision of the services of the telephone 
operators. 
The Company has also mapped the risks associated with COVID-19 and considers the occurrence of the events 
subject to these risks to be unlikely to occur given the industrial sector to which the Company belongs – 
telecommunications, which is among the least affected by the pandemic – and the Company’s business model,

--- Page 21 ---
21 
 
 
which is characterized by low volatility, cyclicality of existing hosting, and long-term contracts. The potential 
risks identified and analyzed by the Company have been detailed above. 
At present, there are no significant negative impacts on the company’s results that could generate losses in 
income/financial performance or delays in its strategic planning. It should also be noted that the ongoing 
pandemic has resulted in a general acceleration of digitization processes and a significant increase in data 
traffic on the networks of the Company’s main customers, which translates to favorable dynamics in demand 
for the services offered by the Company. 
7.2 Risks related to international financial markets 
In recent years, several governments, international and supranational organisations and monetary authorities 
have put in place a number of actions to increase liquidity in financial markets, in order to boost global gross 
domestic product growth and mitigate the possibility of default by certain European countries on their 
sovereign debt obligations. It remains difficult to predict the effect of the potential easing of these measures 
on the economy and on the financial system. As a result, the Issuer’s ability to access the capital and financial 
markets and to refinance debt to meet its financial requirements may be adversely impacted and costs of 
financing may significantly increase. This could materially and adversely affect the business, results of 
operations and financial condition of the Issuer, with a consequent adverse effect on the market value of the 
Notes and the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations under the Notes.  
7.3 The relationship of the United Kingdom with the European Union may affect the business of the 
Issuer 
The United Kingdom (UK) left the European Union (EU) on 31 January 2020 at 11pm and the transition period 
ended on 31 December 2020 at 11pm. Therefore, the Treaty on the European Union and the Treaty on the 
Functioning of the European Union have ceased to apply to the UK. The European Union (Withdrawal) Act 
2018 (as amended by the European Union (Withdrawal Agreement) Act 2020) and secondary legislation made 
under it ensure there is a functioning statute book in the UK. 
The EU-UK Trade and Cooperation Agreement, which governs relations between the EU and UK following 
the end of the Brexit transition period and which had provisional application pending completion of ratification 
procedures, entered into force on 1 May 2021.  
The precise impact on the business of the Issuer is difficult to determine. As such, no assurance can be given 
that such matters would not adversely affect the ability of the Issuer to satisfy its obligations under the Notes 
and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Notes in the secondary market. 
FACTORS WHICH ARE MATERIAL FOR THE PURPOSE OF ASSESSING THE MARKET RISKS 
ASSOCIATED WITH NOTES ISSUED UNDER THE PROGRAMME 
Risks related to the structure of a particular issue of Notes 
A range of Notes may be issued under the Programme.  A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors.  Set out below is a description of the most common of such 
features:

--- Page 22 ---
22 
 
 
Risks applicable to all Notes 
If the Issuer has the right to redeem any Notes at its option, this may limit the market value of the Notes 
concerned and an investor may not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds in a manner which achieves a 
similar effective return.  
An optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of Notes. During any period when the Issuer 
may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially above the price 
at which they can be redeemed.  This also may be true prior to any redemption period. The Issuer may be 
expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the Notes.  At those 
times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate 
as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower 
rate.  Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
If the Notes include a feature to convert the interest basis from a fixed rate to a floating rate, or vice versa, 
this may affect the secondary market and the market value of the Notes concerned. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes are Notes which bear interest at a rate that converts from a fixed rate to a floating 
rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, and any conversion of 
the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such Notes as the change of 
interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Noteholders.  Where the Notes convert from a fixed rate 
to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing 
spreads on comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate 
at any time may be lower than the rates on other Notes.  Where the Notes convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Notes and could affect the market 
value of an investment in the relevant Notes. 
Notes which are issued at a substantial discount or premium may experience price volatility in response to 
changes in market interest rates. 
The market values of securities issued at a substantial discount (such as Zero Coupon Notes) or premium to 
their principal amount tend to fluctuate more in relation to general changes in interest rates than do prices for 
more conventional interest-bearing securities.  Generally, the longer the remaining term of such securities, the 
greater the price volatility as compared to more conventional interest-bearing securities with comparable 
maturities.  
In respect of any Notes issued with a specific use of proceeds, such as a “Green Bond”, “Social Bond” or 
“Sustainability Bond”, there can be no assurance that such use of proceeds will be suitable for the investment 
criteria of an investor 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Notes may provide that it will be the Issuer’s 
intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Notes specifically for projects and activities that promote 
climate-friendly and other environmental purposes (so-called “green projects”), that promote access to labour 
market and accomplishment of general interest initiatives (so-called “social projects”) or a combination of 
“green projects” and “social projects” (so-called “sustainability projects”) in accordance with the relevant 
principles set out by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA). Prospective investors should have 
regard to the information in the applicable Final Terms regarding such use of proceeds and must determine for 
themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Notes together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary. In particular, no assurance is given by the Issuer or the 
Dealers that the use of such proceeds for any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects (as 
defined in the section “Use of Proceeds” of this Base Prospectus) will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with 
which such investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law 
or regulations (including, amongst others, Regulation (EU) 2020/852 on the establishment of a framework to 
facilitate sustainable investment (the EU Taxonomy) and the EU Taxanomy Climate Delegated Act adopted

--- Page 23 ---
23 
 
 
by the EU Commission on 21 April 2021 (jointly, the EU Taxonomy Regulation)) or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates (in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of, or related to, the relevant 
Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects). Furthermore, it should be noted that there is 
currently no clearly defined definition (legal, regulatory or otherwise) of, nor market consensus as to what 
constitutes, a “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or an equivalently-labelled project or as to what precise 
attributes are required for a particular project to be defined as “green” or “social” or “sustainable” or such 
other equivalent label nor can any assurance be given that such a clear definition or consensus will develop 
over time or that any prevailing market consensus will not significantly change. The EU Taxonomy Regulation 
establishes a basis for the determination of such a definition in the EU. However, the EU Taxonomy remains 
subject to the implementation of delegated regulations by the European Commission on technical screening 
criteria for the environmental objectives set out in the EU Taxonomy Regulation. Accordingly, no assurance 
is or can be given to investors that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects, Social 
Projects or Sustainability Projects will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such “green”, “social” 
or “sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that any adverse environmental, 
social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any projects or uses the subject of, or 
related to, any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the Issuer has not published a framework relating to an investment in Green Projects, in Social Projects or in 
Sustainability Projects although the Issuer intends to publish such framework prior to the issuance of any Notes 
which specify that the relevant proceeds will be used for Green Projects, Social Projects and for Sustainability 
Projects.  
No assurance or representation is given as to the suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any 
opinion or certification of any third party (whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may or may not be 
made available in connection with the issue of any Notes and in particular with any Green Projects, Social 
Projects or Sustainability Projects to fulfil any environmental, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For 
the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification is not, nor shall be deemed to be, incorporated in 
and/or form part of this Base Prospectus. Any such opinion or certification is not, nor should be deemed to be, 
a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person to buy, sell or hold any such Notes. Any such 
opinion or certification is only current as of the date that opinion was initially issued. Prospective investors 
must determine for themselves the relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information 
contained therein and/or the provider of such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in such 
Notes. Currently, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight.  
In the event that any such Notes are listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated “green”, “social”, 
“sustainable” or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities market (whether or 
not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that such 
listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor expectations or 
requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such investor or its investments are 
required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations or by its own by-laws or 
other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to any direct or indirect 
environmental, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject of or related to, any Green 
Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any 
such listings or admission to trading may vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor 
is any representation or assurance given or made by the Issuer, the Dealers or any other person that any such 
listing or admission to trading will be obtained in respect of any such Notes or, if obtained, that any such listing 
or admission to trading will be maintained during the life of the Notes.  
While it is the intention of the Issuer to apply the proceeds of any Notes so specified for Green Projects, Social 
Projects or Sustainability Projects in, or substantially in, the manner described in the applicable Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the subject of, or related to, any Green Projects, 
Social Projects and Sustainability Projects will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in such 
manner and/or in accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
disbursed for the specified Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects. Nor can there be any

--- Page 24 ---
24 
 
 
assurance that such Green Projects, Social Projects and Sustainability Projects, will be completed within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally 
expected or anticipated by the Issuer.  
Any such event or failure by the Issuer will not constitute an Event of Default under the Notes. Any such event 
or failure to apply the proceeds of any issue of Notes for any Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability 
Projects as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer is not complying, in whole or in part, with any matters for which such opinion or 
certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Notes no longer being listed or admitted to trading on 
any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value of such 
Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance Green Projects, Social 
Projects or Sustainability Projects and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio 
mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
No Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of the Green, Social or Sustainability Projects to fulfil 
environmental, social and sustainability criteria. The Dealers have not undertaken, nor are responsible for, any 
assessment of the eligibility criteria, any verification of whether the Green, Social or Sustainability Bonds 
meet the eligibility criteria, or the monitoring of the use of proceeds. Investors should refer to the Issuer’s 
framework once available on its website for information and should determine for themselves the relevance of 
the information contained in this Base Prospectus regarding the use of proceeds and their investment should 
be based upon such investigation as they deem necessary. 
 The regulation and reform of “benchmarks” may adversely affect the value of Notes linked to or referencing 
such “benchmarks”   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be “benchmarks”, (including the London interbank offered rate 
(LIBOR) and the euro interbank offered rate (EURIBOR)) are the subject of recent national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are 
still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have 
a material adverse effect on any Notes referencing such a benchmark, such as Floating Rate Notes.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision 
of benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Notes linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other terms of 
the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or 
the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect of 
reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
 
 
Specifically, the sustainability of LIBOR has been questioned as a result of the absence of relevant active 
underlying markets and possible disincentives (including possibly as a result of benchmark reforms) for market 
participants to continue contributing to such benchmarks. The FCA has indicated through a series of 
announcements that the continuation of LIBOR on the current basis cannot and will not be guaranteed after 
2021.  
On 5 March 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration Limited (IBA), the administrator of LIBOR, published a 
statement confirming its intention to cease publication of all LIBOR settings, together with the dates on which 
this will occur, subject to the FCA exercising its powers to require IBA to continue publishing such LIBOR 
settings using a changed methodology (the IBA announcement). Concurrently, the FCA published a statement 
on the future cessation and loss of representativeness of all LIBOR currencies and tenors, following the dates 
on which IBA has indicated it will cease publication (the FCA announcement). Permanent cessation will 
occur immediately after 31 December 2021 for all Euro and Swiss Franc LIBOR tenors and certain Sterling, 
Japanese Yen and US Dollar LIBOR settings and immediately after 30 June 2023 for certain other USD 
LIBOR settings. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (1-month, 3-month and 6-month Sterling, US 
Dollar and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult on, or continue to consider the case for, using 
its powers to require IBA to continue their publication under a changed methodology for a further period after 
end-2021 (end-June 2023 in the case of US Dollar LIBOR). The FCA announcement states that, consequently, 
these LIBOR settings will no longer be representative of the underlying market that such settings are intended 
to measure immediately after 31 December 2021, in the case of the Sterling and Japanese Yen LIBOR settings 
and immediately after 30 June 2023, in the case of the USD LIBOR settings. Any continued publication of the 
Japanese Yen LIBOR settings will also cease permanently at the end of 2022. 
Separately, the euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles 
and high level recommendations for fallback provisions in, amongst other things, new euro denominated cash 
products (including bonds) referencing EURIBOR. The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging 
market participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the 
rules or methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any 
of the above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or 
other initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Notes 
linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark (including any page on which such benchmark may be published (or any successor 
service)) becomes unavailable, including the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to a 
Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate determined by an Independent Adviser in consultation with the Issuer 
and that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in order to reduce or eliminate, 
to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of the relevant benchmark. In certain circumstances the ultimate 
fallback of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest 
Period being used. This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on 
the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page. In addition, due to the uncertainty concerning 
the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative Rates and the involvement of an Independent Adviser, the 
relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time.   
Any such consequences could have an adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. Moreover, 
any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant reference 
rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could have a 
material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
 
 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulations, as applicable, or 
any of the international or national reforms in making any investment decision with respect to any Notes 
referencing a benchmark. 
Risks related to Notes generally 
Set out below is a description of material risks relating to the Notes generally: 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent of all 
investors. 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of Noteholders to consider and vote upon 
matters affecting their interests generally.  These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Noteholders 
including Noteholders who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting, and including those Noteholders 
who voted in a manner contrary to the majority. 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in English law or administrative practice. 
The conditions of the Notes are based on English law in effect as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  No 
assurance can be given as to the impact of any possible judicial decision or change to English law or 
administrative practice after the date of this Base Prospectus and any such change could materially adversely 
impact the value of any Notes affected by it. 
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes and may 
be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued. 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination 
plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Notes may be 
traded in amounts in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination that are not integral multiples of such 
minimum Specified Denomination. In such a case a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an 
amount which is less than the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing 
system would not be able to sell the remainder of such holding without first purchasing a principal amount of 
Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such that its holding amounts to a Specified 
Denomination. Further, a holder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in their account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time 
may not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would 
need to purchase a principal amount of Notes at or in excess of the minimum Specified Denomination such 
that its holding amounts to a Specified Denomination. 
If such Notes in definitive form are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a 
denomination that is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
The Notes do not restrict the amount of debt which the Issuer may incur 
The terms and conditions relating to the Notes do not contain any restriction on the amount of indebtedness 
which the Issuer may from time to time incur. In the event of any insolvency or winding-up of the Issuer, the 
Notes will rank equally with other unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer and, accordingly, any increase 
in the amount of unsecured senior indebtedness of the Issuer in the future may reduce the amount recoverable 
by Noteholders. In addition, the Notes are unsecured and, save as provided in Condition 3 (Negative Pledge), 
do not contain any restriction on the giving of security by the Issuer to secure present and future indebtedness. 
Where security has been granted over assets of the Issuer to secure indebtedness, in the event of any insolvency

--- Page 27 ---
27 
 
 
or winding-up of the Issuer, such indebtedness will rank in priority over the Notes and other unsecured 
indebtedness of the Issuer in respect of such assets. 
Conflicts of interest – Calculation Agent 
Potential conflicts of interest may exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including 
where a Dealer acts as a calculation agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements 
that such Calculation Agent may make pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Notes that may influence 
amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes and upon their redemption. 
Risks related to the market generally 
Set out below is a description of material market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and this would 
adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Notes. 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued, and one may never develop.  If a market for the 
Notes does develop, it may not be very liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily 
or at prices that will provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed 
secondary market.  This is particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency 
or market risks, are designed for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet 
the investment requirements of limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a 
more limited secondary market and more price volatility than conventional debt securities. 
If an investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, he will be exposed to 
movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding.  In addition, the imposition of 
exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving payments on those Notes. 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain risks 
relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a currency 
or currency unit (the Investor’s Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that 
exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or 
revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor’s 
Currency may impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s Currency 
relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the Notes, 
(2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Issuer to make payments in respect of 
the Notes.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or principal.  
The value of Fixed Rate Notes may be adversely affected by movements in market interest rates. 
Investment in Fixed Rate Notes involves the risk that if market interest rates subsequently increase above the 
rate paid on the Fixed Rate Notes, this will adversely affect the value of the Fixed Rate Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated with an investment 
in those Notes. 
One or more independent credit rating agencies may assign credit ratings to the Issuer, or the Notes. The ratings 
may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors discussed above,

--- Page 28 ---
28 
 
 
and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes. A credit rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell 
or hold securities and may be revised, suspended or withdrawn by the rating agency at any time. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted under the CRA Regulation from using credit ratings for 
regulatory purposes in the EEA, unless such ratings are issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not been withdrawn or suspended, subject 
to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). Such general restriction will also apply in the 
case of credit ratings issued by third country non-EEA credit rating agencies, unless the relevant credit ratings 
are endorsed by an EEA-registered  credit rating agency or the relevant third country  rating agency is certified 
in accordance with the CRA Regulation (and such endorsement action or certification, as the case may be, has 
not been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances). The 
list of registered and certified rating agencies published by the ESMA on its website in accordance with the 
CRA Regulation is not conclusive evidence of the status of the relevant rating agency included in such list, as 
there may be delays between certain supervisory measures being taken against a relevant rating agency and 
the publication of the updated ESMA list.  
Investors regulated in the UK are subject to similar restrictions under the UK CRA Regulation. As such, UK 
regulated investors are required to use for UK regulatory purposes ratings issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation. In the case of ratings issued by third 
country non-UK credit rating agencies, third country credit ratings can either be: (a) endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency; or (b) issued by a third country credit rating agency that is certified in 
accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. Note this is subject, in each case, to (a) the relevant UK registration, 
certification or endorsement, as the case may be, not having been withdrawn or suspended, and (b) transitional 
provisions that apply in certain circumstances. In the case of third country ratings, for a certain limited period 
of time, transitional relief accommodates continued use for regulatory purposes in the UK, of existing pre-
2021 ratings, provided the relevant conditions are satisfied. 
If the status of the rating agency rating the Notes changes for the purposes of the CRA Regulation or the UK 
CRA Regulation, relevant regulated investors may no longer be able to use the rating for regulatory purposes 
in the EEA or the UK, as applicable, and the Notes may have a different regulatory treatment, which may 
impact the value of the Notes and their liquidity in the secondary market. 
Certain information with respect to the credit rating agencies and ratings is set out on the cover of this Base 
Prospectus.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
 
 
GLOSSARY OF TERMS RELATING TO THE ISSUER 
Part 1 – Glossary of general terms 
 
Closing Date 
means 25 March 2020. 
Commercial 
Agreements  
means:  
(i) the so-called Passive Sharing Agreement, executed between TIM, VOD 
and INWIT at the Closing Date, that regulates the mutual rights and 
obligations in relation to the sharing of the Passive Infrastructures of 
INWIT;  
(ii) the so-called VOD MSA, master service agreement executed between 
INWIT and VOD at the Closing Date, effective from the Effective Date, 
that regulates the hospitality services on the Sites that will be available to 
INWIT after the Merger; 
(iii) the so-called TIM MSA, new master service agreement executed between 
INWIT and TIM at the Closing Date, effective from the Effective Date, 
that regulates the hospitality services on the Sites that will be available to 
INWIT after the Merger. 
 
CTHC 
Central Tower Holding Company B.V. is a private limited liability company, 
established under Dutch law on 24 April 2020, with its registered offices in 
Capelle aan den IJssel, the Netherlands, at Rivium Quadrant 175 (2909 LC), 
indirectly owned by Vodafone Group Plc, similarly to VOD EU, hence a 
subsidiary of VOD EU pursuant to the definitions set forth under the 
Shareholders’ Agreement. Central Tower Holding Company B.V. holds 
33.173% of the shares in Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. 
Central Tower Holding Company B.V. is a direct subsidiary of Vantage 
Towers AG (listed on the Frankfurt Stock Exchange) and is the main holding 
company of Vantage Towers AG. The shareholdings in the non-German tower 
business entities of Vantage Towers AG are held by Central Tower Holding 
Company B.V.   
Daphne 3 
Daphne 3 is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under the 
laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at Via Gaetano Negri 1, 
Milan, registered with the Companies’ Register of Milan with company 
number no. 11349360963 and share capital of euro 100,000. Daphne 3 is a 
newly established holding company controlled by TIM (51% stake) to which 
TIM on 2 October 2020 has transferred a 30.2% stake in the share capital of 
INWIT and participated by Ardian, a leading global private investment 
company, for the 49%.  
Deed of Merger 
means the deed of merger executed between INWIT and VOD Towers at the 
Closing Date.

--- Page 30 ---
30 
 
 
Demerger  
means the partial and proportional demerger of VOD in favour of VOD Towers 
ex article 2506 of the Italian Civil Code and the subsequent assignment in 
favour of VOD Towers of the Towers Branch. 
Effective Date  
means 31 March 2020 (i.e. the date on which the Merger became effective 
pursuant to article 2504-bis of the Italian Civil Code). 
Exchange Ratio 
means the exchange ratio (rapporto di cambio) for the Merger corresponding 
to the New Ordinary Shares attributed to VOD EU against cancellation of the 
entire equity interest hold by this latter in VOD Towers following the 
completion of the Sale and Purchase, without prejudice to the fact that the 
Minority Shareholding in VOD Towers has been cancelled without exchange 
(concambio). 
Merger  
means the merger by incorporation of VOD Towers in INWIT. 
Minority Shareholding 
in VOD Towers 
means the equity interest equal to 43.4% of the share capital of VOD Towers 
that is the subject matter of the Sale and Purchase. 
New Ordinary Shares 
means the no. 360,200,000 INWIT’s ordinary shares, with no nominal value, 
issued without capital increase to serve the Exchange Ratio and assigned to 
VOD EU against cancellation of the equity interest held by this latter in VOD 
Towers. 
Ordinary Shares 
means each of the ordinary shares that form part of the Issuer’s share capital, 
with no indication of nominal value, inclusive of the New Ordinary Shares 
issued, without capital increase, to serve the Exchange Ratio and assigned to 
VOD EU against cancellation of the equity interest held by this latter in VOD 
Towers.  
Sale and Purchase 
means the sale and purchase of the Minority Shareholding in VOD Towers 
between VOD EU, as seller, and INWIT, as purchaser, that took effect after 
the completion of the last registration of the Deed of Merger in the competent 
Companies’ Register, on the Effective Date immediately before the 
effectiveness of the Merger. 
Shareholders’ 
Agreement 
means the shareholders’ agreement between TIM and VOD EU aimed at 
regulating the relations between such companies as shareholders of INWIT, 
executed at the Closing Date and effective from the Effective Date, to which 
Daphne 3 and CTHC acceded pursuant to the respective Deed of Adherence 
(as defined below).  
Special Dividend 
 
means the special dividend (dividendo straordinario) approved by the 
Shareholders’ Meeting of INWIT on 19 December 2019, which is equal to € 
0.5936 for each of INWIT’s outstanding Ordinary Shares in favor of all post-
Merger shareholders of INWIT, including VOD EU, in compliance with the 
limits envisaged by the law through the use of distributable reserves and 
subject to completion of the Merger. The total amount of the Special Dividend 
is equal to Euro 570,000,000. The relevant detachment date (data di stacco) 
has been 6 April 2020 and the payment date has been 8 April 2020.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
 
 
TIM  
means TIM S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated 
under the laws of the Republic of Italy with registered office at Via Gaetano 
Negri 1, Milan, registered with the Companies’ Register of Milan, Monza 
Brianza, Lodi with company number no. 00488410010, and share capital of 
€11,677,002,855.10, represented by shares listed on the MTA.  
TIM MSA 
means the new agreement for the supply of services (Master Service 
Agreement) executed at the Closing Date between INWIT and TIM. 
TIM MSA 2015 
means the agreement for the supply of services (Master Service Agreement) 
executed on 13 March 2015 between INWIT and TIM and in force until the 
Closing Date. 
TIM Contribution  
means the contribution of the business branch (conferimento di ramo 
d’azienda), comprising the relevant staff, consisting, in particular, of the assets 
and activities relating to the exercise of the Civil Infrastructures and of the 
Technological Installations for the realization of radio mobile networks, 
carried out by way of a deed executed on 26 March 2015 by TIM in favor of 
the Issuer. 
TIM Parties  
TIM and Daphne 3, directly controlled by TIM.  
Towers Branch 
means the VOD business branch – attributed with the Demerger to VOD 
Towers – dedicated to the construction and management of Passive 
Infrastructures (e.g. towers, pylons and poles) and of the technological systems 
designed to house equipment owned by mobile telephone operators and other 
equipment for radio, telecommunications, television and radio signal 
broadcasters.  
Transaction 
means the unitary transaction aimed at consolidating towers of VOD and 
towers of INWIT whose terms and conditions are set out in the Framework 
Agreement. 
VOD  
means Vodafone Italia S.p.A., a joint stock company (società per azioni) 
incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, with registered office at 
Via Jervis no. 13, Ivrea, registered with the Companies’ Register of Torino 
with 
company 
number 
no. 
93026890017, 
and 
share 
capital 
of 
€2,305,099,887.30. 
VOD EU 
means Vodafone Europe B.V., a company incorporated under the laws of the 
Netherlands, with registered office in Rotterdam, Rivium Quadrant 73 in 
Capelle aan de Ijssel, registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce with 
company number no. 804794297. 
VOD MSA 
means the agreement for the supply of services (Master Service Agreement) 
executed at the Closing Date between INWIT and VOD. 
VOD Towers  
means Vodafone Towers S.r.l., a limited liability company (società a 
responsabilità limitata) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
with registered office at via Lorenteggio no. 240, Milan, registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Milan, Monza Brianza, Lodi, with company number 
no. 10934930966, and share capital of €10,000.00.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
 
 
 
Part 2 – Glossary of technical terms 
Active Infrastructures 
means the Radiant Systems together with the Clients Equipment hosted on the 
Sites.  
Available Frequencies 
means the frequencies in relation to which TIM and/or VOD, in case of active 
sharing of the Clients’ Equipment, are currently holding rights of use, as well as 
those that TIM and VOD are currently using pursuant to specific agreements with 
public administrations. 
 
Broadcasting 
means the transmission of information signals from a transmitting system to a set 
of receiving systems that have not been defined beforehand. 
Civil Infrastructures  
means the Vertical Support Structures, shelters and rooms to house the 
Technological Installations and the Clients Equipment, concrete bases and cable 
ducts to host the electric and connection cables between the Clients’ Equipment 
and the antennas.  
Clients’ Equipment 
means the equipment owned by the Clients, and hosted on the Sites, suitable for 
the transmission and reception of signals for mobile services and Broadcasting. 
Committed Services  
means the provision of services pursuant to terms and conditions set out in the TIM 
MSA and VOD MSA and referred to: (i) Small Cell / DAS indoor multitenant 
services, Small Cell / DAS outdoor services (with express exclusion of Small Cell 
/ DAS indoor monotenant); and (ii) hospitality on Sites in the availability of 
INWIT already existing or to be built (other than those covered by the Sharing, 
Divestment and Opening Plan). 
DAS 
or 
Distributed 
Antenna System 
The multi-operator and multi-service signal distribution system. The main feature 
of such systems is the presence of the signals of different operators in a single 
room and, through a network of fiber links and antennas, the distribution of the 
radio signal within a building. 
Frequency 
means the radio carrier used to transmit electromagnetic signals. 
Hospitality Agreement  
means the agreement that gives to the Host the right of use, for a certain period of 
time, of a portion of the Site for the installation and operation of its own Client 
Equipment.  
Host or Client 
means the entity host by the Issuer on one or more of the Sites in accordance with 
an Hospitality Agreement, lawfully authorized to manage radio transmission 
services.  
Integrated 
Hosting 
Services  
means the services that, upon payment of consideration, grant to an entity the right 
to install its own transceiver systems and equipment on the Issuer’s Sites.  
Local Exchange Site 
means a subset of Sites that have the following main characteristics:  
a) are located on properties owned or leased by TIM, and on which wireline 
telephone equipment of TIM has also been installed; and

--- Page 33 ---
33 
 
 
b) the Passive Infrastructure managed by INWIT relate only to the Civil 
Infrastructures and not also to the Technological Installations. 
Licenses 
means the authorizations pursuant to which MNOs carry out their activities. 
MNO (Mobile Network 
Operator)  
means companies licensed to use a portion of the Radio Spectrum and authorized 
to manage networks and to provide radio-mobile communication services 
(typically using GSM, UMTS or LTE technology). 
OTMO 
(Other 
than 
Mobile Operators) 
means all the operators authorized to realize mobile and radio systems different 
from the ones utilized by the MNOs. 
Passive Infrastructures 
means the Civil Infrastructures and the Technological Installations. In relation to 
Local Exchange Sites, Passive Infrastructure refers to Civil Infrastructures only. 
Radiant System 
means a system utilized for the emission and receipt of radio waves, typically 
consisting of the antennas of the radio-mobile systems or of the Broadcasting 
systems, owned by the Issuer’s clients. 
Radio Spectrum 
means the radio resource consisting of Frequencies. 
Small Cells 
means the transmission device, of small size, interconnected directly to the 
operator's network through a fiber connection. 
Sharing, Divestment and 
Opening Plan 
means the plan agreed by TIM and VOD e by these latter communicated to INWIT 
that regulates the utilization of the Sites.  
Site 
means the physical space that is equipped with Civil Infrastructures suitable for 
installing and hosting the Issuer’s Technological Installations, Radiant Systems 
and Customers' Equipment. 
Technological 
Installations 
means the equipment owned by the Issuer, consisting of: (i) electrical system, 
including switchboards, integrated power stations and backup batteries, (ii) 
grounding systems, (iii) atmospheric discharge protection system, (iv) air 
conditioning and/or ventilation systems (so-called “free cooling”), and (v) possible 
flight obstruction signalling system (S.O.V.), built and/or installed on the Sites. 
Tower  
means, in general, a Vertical Support Structure that can host telecommunication 
equipment and technologies (Radiant Systems). 
Vertical 
Support 
Structures  
means individual towers, pylons or poles erected on a piece of land, or a defined 
area, for the installation of Clients’ Radiant Systems.

--- Page 34 ---
34 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The following documents which have previously been published and have been filed with the CSSF shall be 
incorporated by reference in, and form part of, this Base Prospectus:  
(a) 
the Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2020 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme (available at: https://www.inwit.it/wp-content/uploads/2021/05/INWIT-EMTN-
Establishment-2020-Base-Prospectus_0.pdf) including the information set out at the following pages 
in particular: 
Terms and 
Conditions
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 61 to 94  
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited annual non-consolidated financial statements for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2020 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at: 
https://www.inwit.it/wp-
content/uploads/2021/05/Inwit-SpA-2020-Annual-Financial-Report-1.pdf) including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Statement of Financial 
Position
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 72 to 73 
Separate Income 
Statement
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 74 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 75 
Changes in 
equity
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 76 
Statement of Cash 
Flows
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 77 
Notes to the separate Financial Statements at 31 December 
2020
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 78 to 127 
Certification of the Financial Statements at December 31,2020 
pursuant to article 81-ter of the Consob Regulation 11971 
dated May 14, 1999, with amendments and additions 
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 128 
Independent Auditors' 
Report
 ...................................................................................................  
pp. 129-137 of the PDF Document

--- Page 35 ---
35 
 
 
(c) 
the auditors’ report and audited non-consolidated annual financial statements for the financial year 
ended 
31 
December 
2019 
of 
the 
Issuer 
(available 
at: 
https://www.inwit.it/wp-
content/uploads/2021/04/Inwit-SpA-Annual-Financial-Report-2019.pdf) including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular: 
 
Statements of Financial 
Position
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 60 to 61 
Separate Income 
Statement
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 62 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 63 
Changes in net 
equity
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 64 
Cash flow 
statement
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 65 
Notes to the Individual Financial Statements at 31 December 
2019
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 66 to 117 
Independent Auditors' 
Report
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 119 to 126 
(d) 
the audited half-year financial report at 30 June 2021 of the Issuer (available at: 
https://www.inwit.it/wp-content/uploads/2021/09/Inwit-SpA-Half-Year-Financial-Report-at-June-
30-2021.pdf ) including the information set out at the following pages in particular:  
Statements of Financial 
Position
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 53 - 54 
Separate Income 
Statement
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 55 
Statement of Comprehensive 
Income
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 56 
Changes in net 
equity
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 57

--- Page 36 ---
36 
 
 
Cash flow 
statement
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 58-59 
Notes to the Individual Financial Statements at 30 June 
2021
 ...................................................................................................  
Pages 60- 89 
Auditors’ Report on the Review of the Half-Year Condensed 
Financial 
Statements
 ...................................................................................................  
Page 91 
 
 
Following the publication of this Base Prospectus a supplement may be prepared by the Issuer and approved 
by the CSSF in accordance with Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.  Statements contained in any such 
supplement (or contained in any document incorporated by reference therein) shall, to the extent applicable, 
be deemed to modify or supersede statements contained in this Base Prospectus or in a document which is 
incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus.  Any statement so modified or superseded shall not, except 
as so modified or superseded, constitute a part of this Base Prospectus. 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare 
a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any 
subsequent issue of Notes.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
 
 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
Each Tranche of Notes will be in bearer form and will initially be issued in the form of a temporary global 
note (a Temporary Global Note) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent global note (a 
Permanent Global Note and, together with a Temporary Global Note, each a Global Note) which, in either 
case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Notes are intended to be issued in new global note (NGN) form, as stated in the applicable 
Final Terms, be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper 
(the Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear Bank SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream Banking S.A. 
(Clearstream, Luxembourg); and 
(b) 
if the Global Notes are not intended to be issued in NGN Form, be delivered on or prior to the original 
issue date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Notes issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGN form, the applicable Final Terms will 
also indicate whether such Global Notes are intended to be held in a manner which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility. Any indication that the Global Notes are to be so held does not necessarily mean that the Notes of 
the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times during their life as such recognition 
depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. The Common Safekeeper for NGNs will either 
be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a Temporary Global Note, payments of principal, interest (if any) and any 
other amount payable in respect of the Notes due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made 
(against presentation of the Temporary Global Note if the Temporary Global Note is not intended to be issued 
in NGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial 
owners of interests in the Temporary Global Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for 
resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like 
certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the Principal Paying Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Note is issued, interests 
in such Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as described therein 
either for (i) interests in a Permanent Global Note of the same Series or (ii) for definitive Notes of the same 
Series with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms), 
in each case against certification of beneficial ownership as described above unless such certification has 
already been given. The holder of a Temporary Global Note will not be entitled to collect any payment of 
interest, principal or other amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange 
of the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note or for definitive Notes is improperly 
withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Note will be made through 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the 
Permanent Global Note if the Permanent Global Note is not intended to be issued in NGN form) without any 
requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a Permanent Global Note will be exchangeable (free of charge), 
in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons attached upon 
the occurrence of an Exchange Event.  For these purposes, Exchange Event means that (i) an Event of Default 
(as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default)) has occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified 
that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14

--- Page 38 ---
38 
 
 
days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to 
cease business or have in fact done so and no successor clearing system is available.  The Issuer will promptly 
give notice to Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) if an Exchange Event occurs.  In the 
event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such Permanent Global Note) may give notice to the Principal 
Paying Agent requesting exchange.  Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of 
receipt of the first relevant notice by the Principal Paying Agent. 
The following legend will appear on all Notes (other than Temporary Global Notes) and interest coupons 
relating to such Notes where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Notes or interest coupons and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of 
any gain on any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of Notes or interest coupons. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will only be transferable in accordance with the rules and 
procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
General 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”), the Principal 
Paying Agent shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of Notes is issued which is intended to form a single 
Series with an existing Tranche of Notes at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Notes of 
such further Tranche shall be assigned a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are 
consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Notes of such Tranche.   
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 (Events of 
Default).  In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a Global Note and the Global Note (or 
any part thereof) has become due and repayable in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of such Notes 
and payment in full of the amount due has not been made in accordance with the provisions of the Global Note 
then from 8.00 p.m. (London time) on such day holders of interests in such Global Note credited to their 
accounts with Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the case may be, will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg on and subject to the terms of a deed of covenant (the Deed of Covenant) dated 20 October 2021 
and executed by the Issuer. 
The Issuer may agree with any Dealer that Notes may be issued in a form not contemplated by the Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes, in which event a supplement to this Base Prospectus or a new Base Prospectus will 
be made available which will describe the effect of the agreement reached in relation to such Notes.

--- Page 39 ---
39 
 
 
APPLICABLE FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued under the 
Programme. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the European Economic Area (EEA). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution 
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. Consequently no key 
information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic 
law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may 
be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MIFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in MiFID II); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels. 
UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined 
in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional clients, as defined in 
Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a 
distributor) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
[Date] 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 81560066183FE361C071  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
under the €3,000,000,000  
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] [and [date]] which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus). This 
document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the purposes of the Prospectus 
Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer’s 
website 
at 
https://www.inwit.it/en/investors/capitalstructuredebt/euro-medium-term-note-programme. 
The 
Base 
Prospectus and, in case of Notes admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange, the Final Terms, will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.bourse.lu). 
(The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a Base Prospectus with an earlier date.)  
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 25 June 2020 which is incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus 
dated 20 October 2021. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described herein for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus 
dated 20 October 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [date] and [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a 
base prospectus for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (the Base Prospectus), including the Conditions 
incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus, in order to obtain all the relevant information. The Base 
Prospectus has been published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  
(Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable”.  Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or subparagraphs 
(in which case the sub-paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote 
directions for completing the Final Terms.)  
If the Notes have a maturity of less than one year from the date of their issue, the minimum denomination may 
need to be £100,000 or its equivalent in any other currency.) 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[         ]

--- Page 41 ---
41 
 
 
(c) 
Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single 
Series: 
The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [the Issue 
Date/the date that is 40 days after the Issue 
Date/exchange of the Temporary Global Note for 
interests in the Permanent Global Note, as referred 
to in paragraph [   ] below, which is expected to occur 
on or about [date]][Not Applicable]  
2. 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[         ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[         ] 
4. 
Issue Price: 
[         ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (if 
applicable)] 
5. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[         ] 
 
(N.B. Notes must have a minimum denomination of 
€100,000 (or equivalent)) 
 
(Note – where multiple denominations above 
[€100,000] or equivalent are being used the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].  No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000].”))  
(b) 
Calculation Amount (in relation to 
calculation of interest in global 
form see Conditions): 
[         ] 
 
(If only one Specified Denomination, insert the 
Specified Denomination.  If more than one Specified 
Denomination, insert the highest common factor.  
Note: There must be a common factor in the case of 
two or more Specified Denominations.)  
6. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[         ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(N.B. An Interest Commencement Date will not be 
relevant for certain Notes, for example Zero Coupon 
Notes.) 
7. 
Maturity Date: 
Specify date or for Floating Rate Notes – Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month 
and year]]

--- Page 42 ---
42 
 
 
8. 
Interest Basis: 
[[         ] per cent. Fixed Rate] 
 
[[[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [         ] 
per cent. Floating Rate] 
 
[Zero coupon] 
 
(see paragraph [13]/[14]/[15]below) 
9. 
Redemption[/Payment] Basis: 
[100 per cent.] [Subject to any purchase and 
cancellation or early redemption, the Notes will be 
redeemed on the Maturity Date at [   ] per cent. of 
their nominal amount] 
 
 
10. 
Change of Interest Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate 
change occurs or cross refer to paragraphs 13 and 
14 below and identify there][Not Applicable] 
(a) 
Switch Option: 
[Applicable – [specify details of the change(s) in 
Interest Basis and the relevant Interest Periods to 
which the change(s) in Interest Basis applies]/[Not 
Applicable]  
 
(The Issuer must give notice of the exercise of the 
Switch Option to Noteholders in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices) on or prior to the relevant 
Switch Option Expiry Date) 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(b) 
Switch Option Expiry Date: 
[]  
(c) 
Switch Option Effective Date: 
[] 
11. 
Put/Call Options: 
[Investor Put] 
 
[Change of Control Put] 
 
[Issuer Call] 
[Issuer Maturity Par Call] 
[Clean-up Call] 
 
 
[(see paragraph [17]/[18]/[ 19]/[20][/[21]] below)] 
 
[Not Applicable] 
12. 
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[         ] [and [         ], respectively]] 
(N.B. Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche 
of Notes) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13. 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/(if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies) [Applicable for the period 
starting from [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]]

--- Page 43 ---
43 
 
 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[         ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date 
 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons)  
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s) for Notes 
in definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s) for Notes in 
definitive form (and in relation to 
Notes 
in 
global 
form 
see 
Conditions): 
 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount, payable on the 
Interest Payment Date falling [in/on] [         ]][Not 
Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360] [Actual/Actual (ICMA)]  
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[[         ] in each year][Not Applicable] 
 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).  In such a case, insert regular 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or 
maturity date in the case of a long or short first or 
last coupon) 
14. 
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]/(if a Change of 
Interest Basis applies) [Applicable for the period 
starting from [and including] [●] ending on [but 
excluding] [●]] 
 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[         ] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with 
the Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, 
not subject to adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (b) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable]  
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Preceding 
Business 
Day 
Convention][Not Applicable]  
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[         ]

--- Page 44 ---
44 
 
 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate of 
Interest and Interest Amount is to be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party responsible for calculating the 
Rate of Interest and 
Interest 
Amount (if not the Agent): 
[         ] (the Calculation Agent)  
(f) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[         ] month [LIBOR/EURIBOR] 
• 
Interest Determination 
Date(s): 
[         ] 
 
(Second London business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if LIBOR (other than Sterling 
or euro LIBOR), first day of each Interest Period if 
Sterling LIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if EURIBOR or euro LIBOR) 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters 
EURIBOR01 ensure it is a page which shows a 
composite rate or amend the fallback provisions 
appropriately)  
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[         ] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[         ] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[         ] 
 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first 
day of the Interest Period) 
 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation: 
[Not Applicable/Applicable - the Rate of interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] Interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for 
each short or long interest period)]  
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-] [         ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
 
Actual/360

--- Page 45 ---
45 
 
 
 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
 
30E/360 (ISDA)]  
15. 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[         ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[         ] 
(c) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amounts: 
[30/360] 
[Actual/360] 
 
[Actual/365]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
16. 
Notice 
periods 
for 
Condition 
6.2 
(Redemption and Purchase – Redemption 
for tax reasons): 
Minimum period: [30] days 
Maximum period: [60] days 
17. 
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[[         ] per Calculation Amount][Make-whole 
Amount] 
 
[Set out appropriate variable details in this pro 
forma, for example reference obligation]  
(c) 
Redemption Margin: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[] per cent.] [Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Reference Bond: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[insert applicable reference bond] [Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Reference Dealers: 
(Only applicable to Make-Whole 
Amount redemption) 
[[]] [Not Applicable] 
(f) 
If redeemable in part: 
 
(i) 
Minimum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ]

--- Page 46 ---
46 
 
 
(ii) 
Maximum Redemption 
Amount: 
[         ] 
(g) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [15] days 
 
Maximum period: [30] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
18. 
Issuer Maturity Par Call 
 
(a) Notice periods (if other than as set out in 
the Conditions): 
 
(b) Maturity Par Call Period:  
[Applicable][Not Applicable] 
[Minimum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable] 
[Maximum period: [     ] days] [Not Applicable] 
 
From (and including) [●] to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date 
 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19. 
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(a)  Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount: 
[  ] per Note [of [   ] Specified Denomination] 
20. 
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date(s): 
[         ] 
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
(c) 
Notice periods: 
Minimum period: [60] days 
 
Maximum period: [90] days 
 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 15

--- Page 47 ---
47 
 
 
clearing system business days’ notice for a put) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent.) 
21. 
Change of Control Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
 
(If 
not 
applicable, 
delete 
the 
remaining 
subparagraphs of this paragraph) 
 
 
(a) 
Optional Redemption Date: 
 
 
[As per Condition 6.7] / [  ]  
(b) 
Optional Redemption Amount: 
 
 
[     ] per Calculation Amount / [   ] 
 
(in case of Zero Coupon Notes only) 
22. 
Final Redemption Amount: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
 
 
23. 
Early Redemption Amount payable on 
redemption for taxation reasons or on event 
of default: 
[         ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B. If the Final Redemption Amount is 100 per 
cent. of the nominal value (i.e. par), the Early 
Redemption Amount is likely to be par (but 
consider).  If, however, the Final Redemption 
Amount is other than 100 per cent. of the nominal 
value, consideration should be given as to what the 
Early Redemption Amount should be.) 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
24. 
Form of Notes: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Temporary 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date] 
 
[Permanent 
Global 
Note 
exchangeable 
for 
Definitive Notes upon an Exchange Event] 
 
[Notes shall not be physically delivered in Belgium, 
except to a clearing system, a depository or other 
institution for the purpose of their immobilisation in 
accordance with article 4 of the Belgian Law of 14 
December 20051]  
 
(N.B.  The option for an issue of Notes to be 
represented on issue by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes should not be 
                                                     
1 Include for Notes that are to be offered in Belgium.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
 
 
expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 5 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
“[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof up to and including [€199,000].” .) 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes][No]  
25. 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details] 
 
(Note that this paragraph relates to the date of 
payment and not the end dates of Interest Periods for 
the purposes of calculating the amount of interest, to 
which sub-paragraph 14(c) relates) 
26. 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes: 
[Yes, as the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, Talons may be required if, on exchange 
into definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments 
are still to be made/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.] 
 
Signed on behalf of [name of the Issuer]: 
 
By:  .........................................................  
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 49 ---
49 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING 
AND 
ADMISSION 
TO 
TRADING 
 
(i) 
Listing and Admission to trading 
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on [the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s][   ] [regulated ] and 
listed on [the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange][  ] market with effect from [   ].] 
 
[Application is expected to be made by the Issuer (or 
on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s][   ] 
[regulated ] and listed on [the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange][  ] market  with effect 
from [         ].]  
 
(Where documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted to 
trading.) 
(ii) 
Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[         ] / [Not applicable] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Notes to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings 
assigned to Notes of this type issued under the 
Programme generally]: 
 
[insert details]] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and 
associated defined terms].   
 
Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation 
(EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA 
Regulation)] 
 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning 
of the ratings if this has previously been published 
by the rating provider.]  
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.)

--- Page 50 ---
50 
 
 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Issuer is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer.  
The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates (including parents companies) have engaged, and may 
in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may 
perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business - Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests]  
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
 REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer: 
[for its general corporate purposes,] / [The net 
proceeds from the issue of the Notes will be used to 
finance or refinance [Green Projects]/[Social 
Projects]/[Sustainability Projects] (as defined in the 
“Use of Proceeds” section)]. 
[Other] 
[(If "Other", set out use of proceeds here)] 
[Further 
details 
on 
[Green 
Projects]/[Social 
Projects]/[Sustainability Projects] are included in the 
[[] Framework], made available on the Issuer’s 
website in the [] section at []] 
(See “Use of Proceeds” wording in Base 
Prospectus) 
(ii) 
Estimated net proceeds: 
[         ] 
 
 
 
 
5. 
YIELD (FIXED RATE NOTES ONLY) 
Indication of yield: 
[         ] 
 
 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN: 
[         ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[         ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the

--- Page 51 ---
51 
 
 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN 
[[See/[[include code ], as updated, as set out on] the 
website of the Association of National Numbering 
Agencies (ANNA) or alternatively sourced from the 
responsible National Numbering Agency that 
assigned the ISIN/Not Applicable/Not Available]  
(v) 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear 
and 
Clearstream, 
Luxembourg 
and 
the 
relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[         ]  
(viii) 
Deemed delivery of clearing system 
notices 
for 
the 
purposes 
of 
Condition 13 (Notices) 
Any notice delivered to Noteholders through the 
clearing systems will be deemed to have been given 
on the [second] [business] day after the day on which 
it was given to Euroclear and Clearstrem, 
Luxembourg 
(ix) 
Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility:  
[Yes.  Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the 
Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at 
any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at 
the date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes 
may then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as 
common safekeeper.  Note that this does not 
necessarily mean that the Notes will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by 
the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated]

--- Page 52 ---
52 
 
 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date of Subscription Agreement 
 
 
[   ]/[Not Applicable] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of relevant 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[Reg. S Compliance Category 2; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable] 
(vii) 
[Prohibition of Sales to Belgian 
Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(N.B. advice should be taken from Belgian counsel 
before disapplying this selling restriction)]

--- Page 53 ---
53 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following are the Terms and Conditions of the Notes which will be incorporated by reference into each 
Global Note (as defined below) and each definitive Note, in the latter case only if permitted by the relevant 
stock exchange or other relevant authority (if any) and agreed by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer at the 
time of issue but, if not so permitted and agreed, such definitive Note will have endorsed thereon or attached 
thereto such Terms and Conditions.  The applicable Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) will be 
endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Note and definitive Note. Reference should be made to “Applicable 
Final Terms” for a description of the content of Final Terms which will specify which of such terms are to 
apply in relation to the relevant Notes. 
This Note is one of a Series (as defined below) of Notes issued by Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A.  (the 
Issuer) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
References herein to the Notes shall be references to the Notes of this Series and shall mean: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note (a Global Note), units of each Specified
Denomination in the Specified Currency;
(b)
any Global Note; and
(c)
any definitive Notes issued in exchange for a Global Note.
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
20 October 2021 and made between the Issuer, Citibank Europe PLC as issuing and principal paying agent 
and agent bank (the Principal Paying Agent, which expression shall include any successor principal paying 
agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Principal Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). The Principal Paying 
Agent, the Calculation Agent (if any is specified in the applicable Final Terms) and the Paying Agents, together 
referred to as the Agents. 
The final terms for this Note (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in Part A of the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on this Note which supplement these Terms and Conditions (the Conditions).  
References to the applicable Final Terms are, unless otherwise stated, to Part A of the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on this Note. The expression Prospectus Regulation 
means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
Interest bearing definitive Notes have interest coupons (Coupons) and, in the case of Notes which, when issued 
in definitive form, have more than 27 interest payments remaining, talons for further Coupons (Talons) 
attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, unless the context otherwise requires, be 
deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Global Notes do not have Coupons or Talons attached on 
issue. 
Any reference to Noteholders or holders in relation to any Notes shall mean the holders of the Notes and 
shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a Global Note, be construed as provided below.  Any reference 
herein to Couponholders shall mean the holders of the Coupons and shall, unless the context otherwise 
requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
As used herein, Tranche means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission 
to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which 
(a) are expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) have the same terms and conditions or

--- Page 54 ---
54 
 
 
terms and conditions which are the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of 
interest thereon and the date from which interest starts to accrue. 
The Noteholders and the Couponholders are entitled to the benefit of the Deed of Covenant (such Deed of 
Covenant as modified and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Deed of Covenant) dated 
20 October 2021 and made by the Issuer.  The original of the Deed of Covenant is held by the common 
depositary for Euroclear (as defined below) and Clearstream, Luxembourg (as defined below). 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Deed of Covenant are available for inspection during normal business 
hours at the specified office of each of the Paying Agents. If the Notes are to be admitted to trading on the 
regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange the applicable Final Terms will be published on the 
website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). If this Note is neither admitted to trading on a 
regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances 
where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms 
will only be obtainable by a Noteholder holding one or more Notes and such Noteholder must produce 
evidence satisfactory to the Issuer and the relevant Agent as to its holding of such Notes and identity. The 
Noteholders  and the Couponholders are deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the applicable Final Terms which are 
applicable to them. The statements in the Conditions include summaries of, and are subject to, the detailed 
provisions of the Agency Agreement. 
Words and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the 
same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated 
and provided that, in the event of inconsistency between the Agency Agreement and the applicable Final 
Terms, the applicable Final Terms will prevail. 
In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Notes are in bearer form and, in the case of definitive Notes, serially numbered, in the currency 
(the Specified Currency) and the denominations (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of 
another Specified Denomination. 
This Note may be a Fixed Rate Note, a Floating Rate Note or a Zero Coupon Note, or a combination 
of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached, unless they are Zero Coupon Notes in which case 
references to Coupons and Couponholders in the Conditions are not applicable. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. The Issuer and any 
Agent will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the bearer of any Note or Coupon as 
the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice of ownership or 
writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case of any 
Global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes is represented by a Global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, Luxembourg), each person 
(other than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes 
(in which regard any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
as to the nominal amount of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
 
binding for all purposes save in the case of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer and the Agents 
as the holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the 
payment of principal or interest on such nominal amount of such Notes, for which purpose the bearer 
of the relevant Global Note shall be treated by the Issuer and any Agent as the holder of such nominal 
amount of such Notes in accordance with and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note and the 
expressions Noteholder and holder of Notes and related expressions shall be construed accordingly. 
Notes which are represented by a Global Note will be transferable only in accordance with the rules 
and procedures for the time being of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be.  
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in Part B of 
the applicable Final Terms. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE NOTES  
2.1 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and any relative Coupons are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and (subject to the 
provisions of Condition 3 (Negative Pledge)) unsecured obligations of the Issuer and rank pari passu 
among themselves and (save for certain obligations required to be preferred by law) equally with all 
other unsecured obligations (other than subordinated obligations, if any) of the Issuer, from time to 
time outstanding. 
3. 
NEGATIVE PLEDGE 
So long as any of the Notes remains outstanding, the Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its 
Material Subsidiaries will, create or have outstanding any mortgage, charge, lien, pledge or other 
security interest (each a Security Interest) (other than Permitted Encumbrances) upon any of the 
present or future assets or revenues of the Issuer and/or any of its Material Subsidiaries to secure any 
Relevant Indebtedness (as defined below), unless the Issuer, in the case of the creation of a Security 
Interest, before or at the same time and, in any other case, promptly, takes any and all action necessary 
to ensure that: 
(i) 
all amounts payable by it under the Notes and the Coupons are secured by the Security Interest 
equally and rateably with the Relevant Indebtedness; or 
(ii) 
such other Security Interest or other arrangement (whether or not it includes the giving of a 
Security Interest) is provided as is approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the 
Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
For the purposes of these Conditions: 
Issuer's Group means the Issuer and its Material Subsidiaries; 
Permitted Leasing Transaction means one or more transactions or a series of transactions as a result 
of which any member of the Issuer's Group disposes of or otherwise transfers (including, without 
limitation, by way of sale of title or grant of a leasehold or other access, utilisation and/or possessory 
interest(s)) its rights to possess, use and/or exploit all or a portion of a particular asset or particular 
assets owned, used and/or operated by such entity (or its rights and/or interests in respect thereof) to 
one or more other persons in circumstances where the Issuer or an affiliate shall have the right to 
obtain or retain possession, use and/or otherwise exploit the asset or assets (or rights and/or interests 
therein) so disposed of or otherwise transferred;

--- Page 56 ---
56 
 
 
Permitted Encumbrance means in respect of any member of the Issuer's Group: 
(a) 
any encumbrance existing on the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche 
of the Notes;  
(b) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset acquired by any member of the Issuer's Group 
after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes and subject 
to which such asset is acquired, if:  
(A) 
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of the acquisition of such asset 
by the relevant member of the Issuer's Group; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the 
date of, the acquisition of such asset by the relevant member of the Issuer's Group; 
(c) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of any company which becomes an obligor after 
the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes, where such 
encumbrance is created prior to the date on which such company becomes an obligor, if:  
(A) 
such encumbrance was not created in contemplation of that company becoming an 
obligor; and 
(B) 
the amount thereby secured has not been increased in contemplation of, or since the 
date of, that company becoming an obligor; 
(d) 
any netting or set-off arrangement entered into by any member of the Issuer's Group in the 
normal course of its banking arrangements for the purpose of netting debit and credit balances;  
(e) 
any title transfer or retention of title arrangement entered into by any member of the Issuer's 
Group in the normal course of its trading activities on standard terms;  
(f) 
encumbrances created in substitution of any encumbrance permitted under sub-paragraphs 
(b)(A) and (b)(B) of this definition over the same or substituted assets provided that (1) the 
principal amount secured by the substitute encumbrance does not exceed the principal amount 
outstanding and secured by the initial encumbrance and (2) in the case of substituted assets, if 
the market value of the substituted assets at the time of the substitution does not exceed the 
market value of the assets replaced;  
(g) 
encumbrances created to secure:  
(A) 
loans provided, supported or subsidised by a governmental agency, national or 
multinational investment guarantee agency, export credit agency or a lending 
organisation established by the United Nations, the United Kingdom, the European 
Union or other international treaty organisation, including, without limitation, the 
European Investment Bank, the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development 
and the International Finance Corporation; or  
(B) 
Project Finance Indebtedness; 
(h) 
encumbrances arising out of the refinancing of any Relevant Indebtedness secured by any 
encumbrance permitted by the preceding sub-paragraphs, provided that the refinancing of any 
Relevant Indebtedness will not be secured by encumbrances over additional assets other than 
those permitted under the present definition;

--- Page 57 ---
57 
 
 
(i) 
any encumbrance arising by operation of law;  
(j) 
any encumbrance created in connection with convertible bonds or notes where the 
encumbrance is created over the assets into which the convertible bonds or notes may be 
converted and secures only the obligation of the issuer to effect the conversion of the bonds 
or notes into such assets;  
(k) 
any encumbrance created in the ordinary course of business to secure Relevant Indebtedness 
under hedging transactions entered into for the purpose of managing risks arising under funded 
debt obligations such as credit support annexes and agreements;  
(l) 
any encumbrance over or affecting any asset of any member of the Issuer's Group to secure 
Relevant Indebtedness under a Permitted Leasing Transaction, provided that the aggregate 
Relevant Indebtedness secured by all such encumbrances does not exceed €100,000,000; 
(m) 
any encumbrance created on short-term receivables used in, inter alia, any asset-backed 
financing; 
(n) 
any encumbrance on real estate assets of the Issuer, of any of its Subsidiaries or of any person 
to which such real estate assets may be contributed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries in 
connection with the issuance of any indebtedness, whether such indebtedness is secured or 
unsecured by such real estate assets or any other assets of such person to which real estate 
assets have been contributed by the Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries; and 
(o) 
any other encumbrance securing Relevant Indebtedness of an aggregate amount not exceeding 
10 per cent. of the consolidated net worth (patrimonio netto) of the Issuer (as disclosed in the 
most recent audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer);  
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
Project Finance Indebtedness means any indebtedness incurred by a debtor to finance the ownership, 
acquisition, construction, development and/or operation of an asset in respect of which the person or 
persons to whom such indebtedness is, or may be, owed have no recourse whatsoever for the 
repayment of or payment of any sum relating to such indebtedness other than:  
(a) 
recourse to such debtor for amounts limited to the cash flow from such asset; and/or  
(b) 
recourse to such debtor generally, which recourse is limited to a claim for damages (other than 
liquidated damages and damages required to be calculated in a specified way) for breach of 
an obligation, representation or warranty (not being a payment obligation, representation or 
warranty or an obligation, representation or warranty to procure payment by another or an 
obligation, representation or warranty to comply or to procure compliance by another with 
any financial ratios or other test of financial condition) by the person against whom such 
recourse is available; and/or  
(c) 
if such debtor has been established specifically for the purpose of constructing, developing, 
owning and/or operating the relevant asset and such debtor owns no other significant assets 
and carries on no other business, recourse to all of the assets and undertaking of such debtor 
and the shares in the capital of such debtor and shareholder loans made to such debtor;   
Relevant Indebtedness means any obligation for the payment of borrowed money which is in the 
form of, or represented or evidenced by, a certificate of indebtedness or in the form of, or represented

--- Page 58 ---
58 
 
 
or evidenced by, bonds, notes or other debt securities, in each case which is/are listed or traded on a 
stock exchange or other recognised securities market; and 
Subsidiary means, in relation to any Person (the First Person) at any particular time, any other Person 
(the Second Person): 
(a) 
whose majority of votes in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person is directly 
or indirectly held by the First Person; or 
(b) 
in which the First Person directly or indirectly holds a sufficient number of votes giving the 
First Person a dominant influence in ordinary shareholders' meetings of the Second Person; 
and (where the First Person is the Issuer or another Italian entity) as provided by Article 2359, first 
paragraph, no. 1 and no. 2 of the Italian Civil Code.  
4. 
INTEREST 
4.1 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date at the 
rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest. Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
If the Notes are in definitive form, except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of 
interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but 
excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on any Interest 
Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken Amount so 
specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest 
Payment Date. 
Except in the case of Notes in definitive form where an applicable Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken 
Amount is specified in the applicable Final Terms, interest shall be calculated in respect of any period 
by applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(a) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(b) 
in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction. 
The resultant figure (including after application of any Fixed Coupon Amount or Broken Amount to 
the Calculation Amount in the case of Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form) shall be rounded to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.   
Where the Specified Denomination of a Fixed Rate Note in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the amount of interest payable in respect of such Fixed Rate Note shall be the 
product of the amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the 
amount by which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination, without 
any further rounding.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest, in accordance with 
this Condition 4.1: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Notes where the number of days in the relevant period from (and 
including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Notes where the Accrual Period is longer than the Determination Period 
during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: 
(I) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (1) the number 
of days in such Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination 
Dates that would occur in one calendar year; and 
(II) 
the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one 
calendar year; and 
(ii) 
if “30/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
4.2 
Interest on Floating Rate Notes 
(a) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Note bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date and 
such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(i) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
or 
(ii) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, each 
date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an Interest

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 
 
Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as the Specified 
Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment Date or, in the case 
of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period. In these Conditions, Interest Period 
means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) 
to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date or the relevant payment date if the Notes 
become payable on a date other than an Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should occur 
or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then, 
if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 4.2(a)(ii) 
above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (I) in the case of (x) above, 
shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and the provisions of (2) 
below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (II) in the case of (y) above, shall be postponed to the 
next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next calendar month, in 
which event (1) such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the immediately 
preceding Business Day and (2) each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last 
Business Day in the month which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable 
Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to the 
immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward 
to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In these Conditions, Business Day means: 
(I) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
London and each Additional Business Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;  
(II) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Business Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express 
Transfer (TARGET2) System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(III) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (2) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open.

--- Page 61 ---
61 
 
 
(b) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Notes will be determined in 
the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(i) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any). For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Principal 
Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, were acting as Calculation Agent (as 
defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined below)) for that swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as published by the International 
Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Notes (the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(A) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
the Designated Maturity is a period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (i), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option, Designated 
Maturity and Reset Date have the meanings given to those terms in the ISDA Definitions. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(ii) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Notes 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period 
will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(A) 
the offered quotation; or 
(B) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either LIBOR or 
EURIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case 
may be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays 
the information) as at 11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the 
case of EURIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as indicated 
in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable. If five or more of such offered quotations are 
available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest (or, if there is more than one such highest 
quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest (or, if there is more than one such 
lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be disregarded by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, for the purpose of determining the arithmetic 
mean (rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations.

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 
 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for determining the Rate of Interest in the event 
that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of paragraph (A) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of paragraph (B) above, fewer than three such 
offered quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph. In 
particular, if the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of this Condition 
4.2(b)(ii)(A) no offered quotation appears or, in the case of this Condition 4.2(b)(ii)(B), fewer 
than three offered quotations appear, in each case as at the Specified Time, the Issuer shall 
request each of the Reference Banks to provide the Principal Paying Agent with its offered 
quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at approximately 
11.00 a.m. (London time, in the case of LIBOR, or Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) 
on the Interest Determination Date in question. If two or more of the Reference Banks provide 
the Principal Paying Agent with offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Principal Paying Agent. 
Unless otherwise stated in the applicable Final Terms the Minimum Rate of Interest shall be 
deemed to be zero. 
(c) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in the 
event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) (Rate of Interest) is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the Rate 
of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, in 
the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance with the 
provisions of Condition 4.2(b) (Rate of Interest) is greater than such Maximum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(d) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will at or as soon as practicable 
after each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for the 
relevant Interest Period.   
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, will calculate the amount of 
interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating Rate Notes for the relevant Interest Period by 
applying the Rate of Interest to: 
(i) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are represented by a Global Note, the aggregate 
outstanding nominal amount of the Notes represented by such Global Note; or 
(ii) 
in the case of Floating Rate Notes which are in definitive form, the Calculation Amount; 
and, in each case, multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Where the 
Specified Denomination of a Floating Rate Note which is in definitive form is a multiple of the 
Calculation Amount, the Interest Amount payable in respect of such Note shall be the product of the 
amount (determined in the manner provided above) for the Calculation Amount and the amount by 
which the Calculation Amount is multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination without any further 
rounding.

--- Page 63 ---
63 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 4.2: 
(i) 
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” or “Actual/Actual” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Interest 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (A) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(ii) 
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(iii) 
if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days 
in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a 
leap year, 366; 
(iv) 
if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360; 
(v) 
if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30; 
(vi) 
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 64 ---
64 
 
 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such number 
would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(vii) 
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day of 
the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (A) that day 
is the last day of February or (B) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Interest Period, unless (A) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(B) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(e) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Principal Paying 
Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, by straight line linear interpolation by reference to two 
rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable 
in the applicable Final Terms) or the relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the 
Designated Maturity were the period of time for which rates are available next shorter than the length 
of the relevant Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity 
were the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest 
(
)
[
]
(
)
[
] (
)
360
1
D
2
D
1
M
2
M
30
1
Y
2
Y
360
−
+
−
×
+
−
×

--- Page 65 ---
65 
 
 
Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, 
shall calculate the Rate of Interest at such time and by reference to such sources as  the Issuer, in 
consultation with an Independent Adviser appointed by the Issuer, and such Independent Adviser 
acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert, determines appropriate.  
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time designated 
in the Reference Rate. 
(f) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  will cause the Rate of Interest 
and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified 
to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate Notes are for the time being 
listed (by no later than the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in 
accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon as possible after their determination but in no event 
later than the fourth London Business Day thereafter. Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date 
so notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period. Any 
such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating Rate 
Notes are for the time being listed and to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.2(f), the expression London Business Day means a day (other 
than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign exchange markets are open for general 
business in London. 
(g) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and decisions 
given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 4.2(g) by the 
Principal Paying Agent or the Calculation Agent, as applicable,  shall (in the absence of wilful default, 
bad faith or manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Principal Paying Agent, the other Agents and 
all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to 
the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Principal Paying Agent or the 
Calculation Agent, as applicable,  in connection with the exercise or non exercise by it of its powers, 
duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
4.3 
Accrual of interest 
Each Note (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless payment of principal is improperly 
withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue until whichever is the earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Note has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect has been given 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
4.4 
Benchmark Discontinuation 
This Condition 4.4 is applicable to Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the 
form of Final Terms as being applicable. 
(a) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 66 ---
66 
 
 
If a Benchmark Event occurs (as may be determined by the Issuer) in relation to an Original 
Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be 
determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall use its 
reasonable endeavours to appoint and consult with an Independent Adviser, as soon as 
reasonably practicable, to determine a Successor Rate, failing which an Alternative Rate (in 
accordance with Condition 4.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate)) and, in either case, an 
Adjustment Spread if any (in accordance with Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) and any 
Benchmark Amendments (in accordance with Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 4.4(a) shall act in good faith 
and in a commercially reasonable manner as an expert and in consultation with the Issuer. In 
the absence of bad faith, fraud and gross negligence, the Independent Adviser shall have no 
liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders 
for any determination made by it pursuant to this Condition 4.4. 
If (i) the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser; or (ii) the Independent Adviser 
appointed by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in 
accordance with this Condition 4.4(a) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of 
Interest last determined in relation to the Notes in respect of the immediately preceding 
Interest Period. If there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the initial Rate of Interest. Where a different Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of 
Interest is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the Margin or Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest relating to 
the relevant Interest Period shall be substituted in place of the Margin or Maximum or 
Minimum Rate of Interest relating to that last preceding Interest Period. For the avoidance of 
doubt, this Condition 4.4(a) shall apply to the relevant next succeeding Interest Period only 
and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 4.4(a). 
(b) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Independent Adviser determines that: 
(i) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread)) subsequently be used in place of 
the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Notes (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 4.4); or 
(ii) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 4.4(c) (Adjustment Spread) 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of 
Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 4.4). 
(c) 
Adjustment Spread 
If the Independent Adviser determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied 
to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or 
a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment 
Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be).

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of Condition 4 (Interest), if in the Calculation Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making 
any determination or calculation under Condition 4 (Interest), the Calculation Agent shall 
promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer shall direct the Calculation Agent in writing 
as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Calculation Agent shall 
be under no obligation to make such calculation or determination. 
(d) 
Benchmark Amendments 
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance 
with this Condition 4.4 and the Independent Adviser determines (i) that amendments to these 
Conditions and the Agency Agreement, including but not limited to Relevant Screen Page, are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or 
Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices), without any requirement for the consent or approval of 
Noteholders, vary these Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect to such 
Benchmark Amendments with effect from the date specified in such notice. 
In connection with any such variation in accordance with this Condition 4.4(d), the Issuer 
shall comply with the rules of any stock exchange on which the Notes are for the time being 
listed or admitted to trading. 
(e) 
Notices 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 4.4 will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Principal Paying Agent and each Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(f) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Issuer under Condition 4.4(a) (Independent 
Adviser) to Condition 4.4(d) (Benchmark Amendments), the Original Reference Rate and the 
fallback provisions provided for in Condition 4.2(b)(ii) (Screen Rate Determination for 
Floating Rate Notes) will continue to apply unless and until a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
For the purposes of this Condition 4.4: 
Adjustment Spread means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent 
Adviser determines is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) to reduce or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the 
circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and 
Couponholders as a result of the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the spread, formula or 
methodology which: 
(i) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant 
Nominating Body; or (if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate);

--- Page 68 ---
68 
 
 
(ii) 
the Independent Adviser determines, is recognised or acknowledged as being the 
industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions which reference the 
Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the Successor Rate or 
the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); (or if the Issuer determines that no such 
industry standard is recognised or acknowledged); or 
(iii) 
the Independent Adviser determines (acting in good faith and in a commercially 
reasonable manner) to be appropriate; 
Alternative Rate means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser determines in accordance with Condition 4.4(b) (Successor Rate or Alternative Rate) 
is customary in market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of 
determining rates of interest (or the relevant component part thereof) in the same Specified 
Currency as the Notes and with an interest period of a comparable duration to the relevant 
Interest Period; 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 4.4(d); 
Benchmark Event means: 
(i) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(ii) 
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by 
a specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original 
Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor 
administrator has been appointed that will continue publication of the Original 
Reference Rate); or 
(iii) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(iv) 
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference 
Rate as a consequence of which the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from 
being used either generally, or in respect of the Notes, in each case within the 
following six months; or 
(v) 
it has become unlawful for the Paying Agents, the Issuer or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the Paying Agents shall not be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the Issuer under 
Condition 4.4(a) (Independent Adviser); 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the 
Notes; 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable):

--- Page 69 ---
69 
 
 
(i) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(ii) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted 
at the request of (A) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or 
screen rate (as applicable) relates, (B) any central bank or other supervisory authority 
which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable), (C) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities, or (D) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof; 
Successor Rate means the rate that the Independent Adviser determines is a successor to or 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is formally recommended by any Relevant 
Nominating Body. 
4.5 
Change of Interest Basis 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the interest payable 
in respect of the Notes will be calculated in accordance with Condition 4.1 (Interest on Fixed Rate 
Notes) (or Condition 4.2 (Interest on Floating Rate Notes), each applicable only for the relevant 
periods specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
If Change of Interest Basis is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and Issuer’s Switch 
Option is also specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, on one or more 
occasions, as specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its option (any such option, a Switch Option), 
having given notice to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) and delivering such 
notice to the Paying Agent and the Calculation Agent on or prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry 
Date, change the Interest Basis of the Notes from Fixed Rate to Floating Rate or Floating Rate to Fixed 
Rate or as otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms with effect from (and including) the 
Switch Option Effective Date specified in the applicable Final Terms to (but excluding) the Maturity 
Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
up to and excluding the next following Switch Option Effective Date), provided that (a) the Switch 
Option may be exercised only in respect of all the outstanding Notes, (b) upon exercise of a Switch 
Option, the Interest Basis change will be effective from (and including) the relevant Switch Option 
Effective Date until the Maturity Date (or, where more than one Switch Option Effective Date is 
specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, up to and excluding the next following Switch 
Option Effective Date to the extent the related Switch Option is exercised), and (c) where a Switch 
Option has not been exercised prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date, the Issuer shall no 
longer be entitled to exercise such Switch Option and the Interest Basis shall not change. 
Switch Option Expiry Date and Switch Option Effective Date shall mean any date specified as such 
in the applicable Final Terms provided that any date specified in the applicable Final Terms as a Switch 
Option Effective Date shall be deemed as such subject to the exercise of the relevant Switch Option 
having been notified by the Issuer pursuant to this Condition 4.5 and in accordance with Condition 13 
(Notices) prior to the relevant Switch Option Expiry Date. 
5. 
PAYMENTS 
5.1 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(a) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the payee with a bank in the

--- Page 70 ---
70 
 
 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency (which, if the Specified 
Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and Auckland, 
respectively); and 
(b) 
payments will be made in euro by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment or other laws and regulations to which the Issuer or its Agents are subject, but 
without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction 
required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 
1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any 
regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
5.2 
Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 5.1 (Method of payment) only against presentation and surrender (or, 
in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of definitive Notes, and payments of interest 
in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
presentation and surrender (or, in the case of part payment of any sum due, endorsement) of Coupons, 
in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States (which expression, 
as used herein, means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia 
and its possessions)). 
Fixed Rate Notes in definitive form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be 
presented for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression 
shall for this purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing 
which the amount of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in 
full, the same proportion of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears 
to the sum due) will be deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted 
will be paid in the manner mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any 
time before the expiry of 10 years after the Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) in 
respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon would otherwise have become void under 
Condition 8 (Prescription) or, if later, five years from the date on which such Coupon would otherwise 
have become due, but in no event thereafter. 
Upon any Fixed Rate Note in definitive form becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, 
all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto will become void and no further Coupons will be 
issued in respect thereof. 
Upon the date on which any Floating Rate Note or Long Maturity Note in definitive form becomes 
due and repayable, unmatured Coupons and Talons (if any) relating thereto (whether or not attached) 
shall become void and no payment or, as the case may be, exchange for further Coupons shall be made 
in respect thereof. A Long Maturity Note is a Fixed Rate Note (other than a Fixed Rate Note which 
on issue had a Talon attached) whose nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest 
payable thereon provided that such Note shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest 
Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of interest remaining to be paid after that date is less 
than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 
 
case may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
5.3 
Payments in respect of Global Notes 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any Global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes or 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Note, where applicable against presentation 
or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Note at the specified office of any Paying Agent 
outside the United States. A record of each payment made, distinguishing between any payment of 
principal and any payment of interest, will be made either on such Global Note by the Paying Agent 
to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
5.4 
General provisions applicable to payments 
The holder of a Global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such Global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, 
the holder of such Global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal 
amount of Notes represented by such Global Note must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the 
order of, the holder of such Global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition 5.4, if any amount of principal and/or 
interest in respect of Notes is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Notes will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United 
States if: 
(a) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(b) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(c) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
5.5 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 8 (Prescription) is: 
(a) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits): 
(i) 
in the case of Notes in definitive form only, in the relevant place of presentation; and 
(ii) 
in each Additional Financial Centre (other than TARGET2 System) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 72 ---
72 
 
 
(b) 
if TARGET2 System is specified as an Additional Financial Centre in the applicable Final 
Terms, a day on which the TARGET2 System is open; and 
(c) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open. 
5.6 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(a) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 7 
(Taxation); 
(b) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(c) 
the Early Redemption Amount of the Notes; 
(d) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(e) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 7 
(Taxation). 
6. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
6.1 
Redemption at maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be 
redeemed by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the 
relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
6.2 
Redemption for tax reasons 
Subject to Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts), the Notes may be redeemed at the option of 
the Issuer in whole, but not in part, at any time (if this Note is not a Floating Rate Note) or on any 
Interest Payment Date (if this Note is a Floating Rate Note), on giving not less than the minimum 
period nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms to the 
Principal Paying Agent and, in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders (which notice 
shall be irrevocable), if: 
(a) 
(i) on the occasion of the next payment due under the Notes, the Issuer has or will become 
obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to in Condition 7 (Taxation) as a 
result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or regulations of a Relevant Jurisdiction 
(as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation)) or any change in the application or official

--- Page 73 ---
73 
 
 
interpretation of such laws or regulations, which change or amendment becomes effective on 
or after the date on which agreement is reached to issue the first Tranche of the Notes; or 
 
(ii) a Person into which the Issuer is merged or to whom it has conveyed, transferred or leased 
all or substantially all of its assets is required to pay additional amounts as provided or referred 
to in Condition 7 (Taxation), unless the sole purpose of such merger would be to permit the 
Issuer to redeem the Notes; and 
(b) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer or the Person into which the Issuer is merged 
or to whom it has conveyed, transferred or leased all or substantially all of its assets (as the 
case may be) taking reasonable measures available to it,  
provided that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than 90 days prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts were a payment in respect of the 
Notes then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this Condition 6.2, the Issuer shall 
deliver to the Principal Paying Agent to make available at its specified office to the Noteholders (i) a 
certificate signed by two duly authorised representatives of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled 
to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent 
to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred and (ii) an opinion of independent legal advisers 
of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional 
amounts as a result of such change or amendment. The Principal Paying Agent shall incur no liability 
for assisting in the publication of any notice of redemption or for making any payments required 
pursuant to this Condition 6.2 in the event such certificates and/or opinions have not been received by 
it. The Principal Paying Agent shall not (i) be required to review, check or analyse any certificates 
and/or opinions provided to it, (ii) be responsible for the contents of any such certificates and/or 
opinions or (iii) incur any liability in the event the content of such certifications and/or opinions are 
inaccurate or incorrect.  
Notes redeemed pursuant to this Condition 6.2 will be redeemed at their Early Redemption Amount 
referred to in Condition 6.8 (Early Redemption Amounts) below together (if appropriate) with interest 
accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption. 
6.3 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having 
given (unless otherwise specified in the Final Terms) not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice 
to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
any Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in, or determined 
in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued 
to (but excluding) the relevant Optional Redemption Date. Any such redemption must be of a nominal 
amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount and not more than the Maximum Redemption 
Amount, in each case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
The Optional Redemption Amount will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make-Whole Amount is specified in the applicable 
Final Terms, will be an amount calculated by the Issuer or an appointed Agent on its behalf equal to 
the higher of:  
(a) 
100 per cent. of the principal amount of the Note to be redeemed; or

--- Page 74 ---
74 
 
 
(b) 
as determined by the Reference Dealers (as defined below), the sum of the then current values 
of the remaining scheduled payments of principal and interest (not including any interest 
accrued on the Notes to, but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date) discounted to the 
Optional Redemption Date on an annual basis (based on the actual number of days elapsed 
divided by 365 or (in the case of a leap year) by 366) at the Reference Dealer Rate (as defined 
below) plus the Redemption Margin, plus, in each case, any interest accrued on the Notes to, 
but excluding, the Optional Redemption Date.  
As used in this Condition 6.3:  
Redemption Margin shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Bond shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms;  
Reference Dealers shall be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; and  
Reference Dealer Rate means with respect to the Reference Dealers and the Optional Redemption 
Date, the average of the five quotations of the mid-market annual yield to maturity of the Reference 
Bond or, if the Reference Bond is no longer outstanding, a similar security in the reasonable judgement 
of the Reference Dealers at 11.00 a.m. London time on the third business day in London preceding the 
Optional Redemption Date quoted in writing to the Issuer by the Reference Dealers.  
In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed (Redeemed Notes) will (i) in 
the case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, be selected individually by lot, not more 
than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption and (ii) in the case of Redeemed Notes represented 
by a Global Note, be selected in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool 
factor or a reduction in nominal amount, at their discretion). In the case of Redeemed Notes 
represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed Notes will be published 
in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than 15 days prior to the date fixed for redemption. 
So long as the Notes are admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange and/or listed on the official list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, such exchange will be 
informed once in each year of all Redeemed Notes and the aggregate principal amount of Notes 
outstanding. 
6.4 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Maturity Par Call) 
If Issuer Maturity Par Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer 
may, having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), the Noteholders 
(which notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem the Notes 
then outstanding in whole, but not in part, at any time during the Maturity Par Call Period as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms, at the Final Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, together (if appropriate) with interest accrued but unpaid to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
redemption. 
6.5 
Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Clean-Up Call) 
If Clean-Up Call is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, in the event that 20 
per cent. or less of the initial aggregate principal amount of a particular Series of Notes (including any 
assimilated Notes issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Further Issues)) remains outstanding (other than 
as a result of the Issuer exercising an Issuer Call pursuant to Condition 6.3 (Redemption at the option 
of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) at an Optional Redemption Amount that is higher than the Clean-Up Call 
Redemption Amount), the Issuer may, at its option but subject to having given not more than sixty

--- Page 75 ---
75 
 
 
(60) nor less than fifteen (15) days’ notice to the Noteholders (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall specify the date fixed for redemption) in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices), redeem all, but 
not some only, of the outstanding Notes in that Series at their Clean-Up Call Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms together with any interest accrued to the date set for 
redemption. 
6.6 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any 
Note giving to the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) not less than the minimum period 
nor more than the maximum period of notice specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at the Optional 
Redemption Amount together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional 
Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.6 and the 
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.6 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.6 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default).  
6.7 
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of Control Put) 
If Change of Control Put is specified as being applicable in the applicable Final Terms and a Put Event 
(as defined below) has occurred, upon the holder of any Note giving notice to the Issuer in accordance 
with Condition 13 (Notices) during the period ending on the 60th day following the public 
announcement that the relevant Change of Control has occurred (the CoC Notice Period), the Issuer 
will redeem such Note on the Optional Redemption Date which shall, unless otherwise specified in 
the Final Terms, be the Business Day which is 7 days after the expiration of the CoC Notice Period, 
and at an Optional Redemption Amount equal to 100% of the principal amount of the Notes to be 
redeemed (except for Zero Coupon Notes, whose Optional Redemption Amount will be specified in, 
or determined in the manner specified in, the applicable Final Terms), together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date.

--- Page 76 ---
76 
 
 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver, at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling 
within the notice period, a duly completed and signed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being 
current) obtainable from any specified office of any Paying Agent (a Put Notice) and in which the 
holder must specify a bank account to which payment is to be made under this Condition 6.7 and the 
Put Notice must be accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying Agent concerned 
that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under its control. 
If this Note is represented by a Global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period, give notice to the Principal Paying Agent of such exercise in 
accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may 
include notice being given on their instruction by Euroclear, Clearstream, Luxembourg or any 
common depositary or common safekeeper, as the case may be for them to the Principal Paying Agent 
by electronic means) in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to 
time. 
Any Put Notice or other notice given in accordance with the standard procedures of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 6.7 shall be irrevocable 
except where, prior to the due date of redemption, an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, 
in which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 6.7 and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9 (Events of Default).  
For the purposes of this Condition 6.7:  
(a) 
a Change of Control shall be deemed to occur if more than 50 per cent. of the share capital 
of the Issuer and (i) more than 50 per cent. of the voting rights normally exercisable at a 
general meeting of the Issuer, or (ii) the power to appoint a majority of the board of directors 
of the Issuer or of any other equivalent governing body whether through the ownership of 
voting capital, by contract or otherwise, is acquired, directly or indirectly, by any Person (other 
than Reference Shareholders and any of their respective Subsidiaries);  
For the purposes of this definition: 
Person means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, 
association, organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having 
separate legal personality; and  
Reference Shareholders mean TIM and VOD EU. 
(b) 
Investment Grade, with reference to a Rating, means a credit rating at least equal to BBB-
/Baa3 or better;  
(c) 
a Negative Rating Action will be deemed to have occurred if:  
(i) 
a Rating that is Investment Grade is either withdrawn or reduced to below Investment 
Grade; or  
(ii) 
a Rating that is already below Investment Grade is either withdrawn or lowered at 
least one notch (for illustration, Ba1 to Ba2 and BB+ to BB being one notch);  
(d) 
a Negative Rating Event will be deemed to have occurred if:

--- Page 77 ---
77 
(i)
the Issuer does not, either prior to or not later than the 14th day after the date of the
public announcement of the occurrence of the relevant Change of Control, seek, and
thereupon use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a Rating; or
(ii)
the Issuer does seek a Rating and use such endeavours to obtain it, but it is unable, as
a result of such Change of Control, to obtain a Rating of Investment Grade;
(e)
a Put Event will be deemed to have occurred if, during the period from and including the
Issue Date to but excluding the Maturity Date, there occurs a Change of Control and, during
the period ending on the 30th day after the date of the public announcement of the occurrence
of the Change of Control, either (i) (if at the time that the Change of Control occurs there is a
Rating) a Rating Downgrade resulting from that Change of Control occurs, or (ii) (if at such
time there is no Rating) a Negative Rating Event resulting from that Change of Control occurs;
(f)
Rating means any long-term rating assigned to the Issuer by any Rating Agency;
(g)
Rating Agency means Moody's Investors Service Ltd. or any of its subsidiaries or their
successors (Moody's), Fitch Ratings Limited or any of its subsidiaries or their successors
(Fitch) and S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited or any of its subsidiaries or their successors
(S&P), or any rating agency substituted for any of them (or any permitted substitute of them)
from time to time; and
(h)
a Rating Downgrade will be deemed to have occurred if:
(i)
there are one or two then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in
relation to any such Rating; or
(ii)
there are three then current Ratings and a Negative Rating Action occurs in relation
to any such Rating.
6.8 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purpose of Condition 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons) and Condition 9 (Events of Default): 
(a)
each Note (other than a Zero Coupon Note) will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount
as defined in the applicable Final Terms; and
(b)
each Zero Coupon Note will be redeemed at its Early Redemption Amount calculated in
accordance with the following formula:
Early Redemption Amount = RP x (1 + AY)y 
where: 
RP 
means the Reference Price; 
AY 
means the Accrual Yield expressed as a decimal; and 
y 
is the Day Count Fraction specified in the applicable Final Terms which will be either (i) 
30/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the number of days (calculated on the 
basis of a 360-day year consisting of 12 months of 30 days each) from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 360) or (ii) Actual/360 (in which case the numerator will be equal to the

--- Page 78 ---
78 
 
 
actual number of days from (and including) the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to 
(but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the case may be) the date upon which such 
Note becomes due and repayable and the denominator will be 360) or (iii) Actual/365 (in 
which case the numerator will be equal to the actual number of days from (and including) the 
Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Notes to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption 
or (as the case may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and repayable and the 
denominator will be 365).  
6.9 
Purchases 
The Issuer or any Subsidiaries of the Issuer may at any time purchase Notes (provided that, in the case 
of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased therewith) 
at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, reissued, resold or, at the option 
of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
6.10 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled 
and the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 6.9 (Purchases) (together with all 
unmatured Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Principal Paying Agent 
and cannot be reissued or resold. 
6.11 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Note upon redemption of such Zero Coupon 
Note pursuant to Conditions 6.1 (Redemption at maturity), 6.2 (Redemption for tax reasons), 6.3 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer (Issuer Call)) and 6.6 (Redemption at the option of the 
Noteholders (Investor Put)) or upon its becoming due and repayable as provided in Condition 9 
(Events of Default) is improperly withheld or refused, the amount due and repayable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Note shall be the amount calculated as provided in Condition 6.8(b) (Early Redemption 
Amounts) as though the references therein to the date fixed for the redemption or the date upon which 
such Zero Coupon Note becomes due and payable were replaced by references to the date which is the 
earlier of: 
(a) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Zero Coupon Note have been paid; and 
(b) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of such 
Zero Coupon Notes has been received by the Principal Paying Agent and notice to that effect 
has been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
7. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes and Coupons by or on behalf of the Issuer 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Relevant Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Issuer will pay such additional amounts 
as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Notes or Coupons 
after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which 
would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Notes or Coupons, as the case may be, in the 
absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Note or Coupon: 
(A) 
presented for payment in the Republic of Italy; or

--- Page 79 ---
79 
(B)
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is
liable for such taxes, in respect of such Note or Coupon by reason of the holder having some
connection with a Relevant Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Note or Coupon;
or
(C)
in respect of any Note or Coupon presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant
Date (as defined below) except to the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled
to an additional amount on presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming
that day to have been a Payment Day (as defined in Condition 5.5); or
(D)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would not be liable or subject to the
withholding or deduction by making a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for
exemption to the relevant tax authority;
(E)
presented for payment by or on behalf of a non-Italian resident, to the extent that interest or
any other amounts is paid to a non-Italian resident which is resident in a country that does not
allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with the Republic of Italy;
(F)
for or on account of imposta sostitutiva pursuant to Italian Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1
April 1996 and any related implementing regulations (each as amended and/or supplemented
from time to time);
(G)
not qualifying as bonds (obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle
obbligazioni) for Italian tax purposes where such withholding or deduction is required under
Law Decree No. 512 of 30 September 1983, as amended or supplemented from time to time.
For the avoidance of doubt, no person shall be required to pay additional amounts in respect of any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code 
or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or 
agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an 
intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
(i)
Relevant Jurisdiction means the Republic of Italy or any political subdivision or any
authority thereof or therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political
subdivision or any authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made
by the Issuer of principal and interest on the Notes become generally subject; and
(ii)
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Principal Paying
Agent on or prior to such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys
having been so received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance
with Condition 13 (Notices).
8.
PRESCRIPTION
The Notes and Coupons will become void unless claims in respect of principal and/or interest are made
within a period of 10 years (in the case of principal) and five years (in the case of interest) after the
Relevant Date (as defined in Condition 7 (Taxation) therefor.
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 5.2

--- Page 80 ---
80 
 
 
(Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons) or any Talon which would be void pursuant to 
Condition 5.2 (Presentation of definitive Notes and Coupons). 
9. 
EVENTS OF DEFAULT  
9.1 
Events of Default  
If any one or more of the following events (each an Event of Default) shall occur and be continuing: 
(a) 
if default is made in the payment in the Specified Currency of any principal or interest due in 
respect of the Notes or any of them and the default continues for a period of 10 days in the 
case of principal and 30 days in the case of interest; or 
(b) 
if the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under these Conditions and 
(except in any case where the failure is incapable of remedy when no such continuation or 
notice as is hereinafter mentioned will be required) the failure continues for the period of 60 
days next following the service by a Noteholder on the Issuer of notice requiring the same to 
be remedied; or 
(c) 
if any Security Interest (other than any Security Interest securing any Project Finance 
Indebtedness, as defined in Condition 3) relating to Financial Indebtedness in excess of Euro 
50,000,000 (or the equivalent thereof in other currencies) provided by the Issuer is enforced 
by the lenders and such enforcement is not contested in good faith by the Issuer; or 
(d) 
if (i) any Financial Indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary is not paid 
when due nor within any originally applicable grace period; or (ii) any Financial Indebtedness 
of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary is declared to be or otherwise becomes due and 
payable prior to its specified maturity as a result of an event of default (however described); 
and (iii) the aggregate amount of Financial Indebtedness falling within paragraphs (i) to (ii) 
above is equal to, or in excess of, Euro 50,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency or 
currencies); or 
(e) 
if any order is made by any competent court or resolution passed for the liquidation, winding 
up or dissolution (scioglimento o liquidazione) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary 
and such order or resolution is not discharged or cancelled within 60 Business Days, save for 
the purposes of (i) a solvent amalgamation, merger, demerger, reconstruction, reorganisation, 
consolidation, transfer or contribution of assets or other similar transaction (a Solvent 
Reorganisation) under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer or such Material 
Subsidiary, as the case may be, are assumed by the entity resulting from such Solvent 
Reorganisation and (A) such entity continues to carry on substantially the same business of 
the Issuer or such Material Subsidiary, as the case may be, and (B) in the case of a Solvent 
Reorganisation of the Issuer, such entity assumes all the obligations of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes and the Coupons and an opinion of an independent legal adviser of recognised 
standing in the Republic of Italy has been delivered to the Principal Paying Agent confirming 
the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent Reorganisation, or (ii) a reorganisation on 
terms previously approved by an Extraordinary Resolution; or 
(f) 
if the Issuer, acting directly or through its Material Subsidiaries, ceases or shall announce to 
cease to carry on the whole or substantially the whole of its business, save for the purposes of 
(i) a Solvent Reorganisation under which the assets and liabilities of the Issuer are assumed 
by the entity resulting from such Solvent Reorganisation and such entity assumes all the 
obligations of the Issuer in respect of the Notes and the Coupons and an opinion of an 
independent legal adviser of recognised standing in the Republic of Italy has been delivered 
to the Principal Paying Agent confirming the same prior to the effective date of such Solvent

--- Page 81 ---
81 
 
 
Reorganisation, or (ii) a reorganisation on terms previously approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution, or the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary stops or shall announce to stop 
payment of, or is unable to, or admits inability to, pay, its debts (or any class of its debts) as 
they fall due, or is deemed unable to pay its debts pursuant to or for the purposes of any 
applicable law, or is adjudicated or found bankrupt or insolvent; or  
(g) 
if (i) judicial proceedings are initiated against the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary under 
any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or other similar laws, or 
an order is made by any competent court (or documents filed with a court) for the appointment 
of an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or other similar official in 
insolvency proceedings, or an administrative or other receiver, manager, administrator or 
other similar official in insolvency proceedings is appointed, in relation to the Issuer or any of 
its Material Subsidiary or, as the case may be, in relation to the whole or a substantial part of 
the undertaking or assets of any of them, or an encumbrancer takes possession of the whole 
or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them, or a distress, execution, 
attachment, sequestration or other process is levied, enforced upon, sued out or put in force 
against the whole or a substantial part of the undertaking or assets of any of them and (ii) in 
any case (other than the appointment of an administrator) is not discharged within 60 Business 
Days or is not contested in good faith by all appropriate means; or  
(h) 
if the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiary initiates or consents to judicial proceedings 
relating to itself under any applicable liquidation, insolvency, composition, reorganisation or 
other similar laws (including the obtaining of a moratorium) or makes a conveyance or 
assignment for the benefit of, or enters into any composition or other arrangement with, its 
creditors generally (or any class of its creditors) or any meeting is convened to consider a 
proposal for an arrangement or composition with its creditors generally (or any class of its 
creditors), 
then any holder of a Note may, by written notice to the Issuer at the specified office of the Principal 
Paying Agent, effective upon the date of receipt thereof by the Principal Paying Agent, declare any 
Note held by it to be forthwith due and payable whereupon the same shall become forthwith due and 
payable at its Early Redemption Amount, together with accrued interest (if any) to the date of 
repayment, without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind. 
9.2 
Definitions 
For the purposes of the Conditions: 
Financial Indebtedness means any indebtedness (whether being principal, premium, interest or other 
amounts) for or in respect of any borrowed money or any liability under or in respect of any acceptance 
credit or any notes, bonds, debentures, debenture stock, loan stock or other securities. For the purposes 
of this definition, Financial Indebtedness does not include any Project Finance Indebtedness, as 
defined in Condition 3; and 
Material Subsidiary means at any time any fully consolidated Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(i) 
whose total assets (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) or 
whose gross EBITDA (consolidated in the case of a Subsidiary which itself has Subsidiaries) 
represent in each case not less than 10 per cent. of the consolidated total assets of the Issuer 
and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or, as the case may be, gross consolidated EBITDA of 
the Issuer all as calculated respectively by reference to the then latest audited accounts 
(consolidated or, as the case may be, unconsolidated) of such Subsidiary and the then latest 
audited consolidated accounts of the Issuer and its Subsidiaries;

--- Page 82 ---
82 
 
 
(ii) 
to which is transferred the whole or substantially the whole of the undertaking and assets of a 
Subsidiary of the Issuer which immediately prior to such transfer is a Material Subsidiary. 
A report by two officers of the Issuer stating that in their opinion a Subsidiary of the Issuer is or is not 
or was or was not at any particular time or throughout any specified period a Material Subsidiary shall, 
in the absence of manifest or proven error, be conclusive and binding on all parties.  
10. 
REPLACEMENT OF NOTES, COUPONS AND TALONS 
Should any Note, Coupon or Talon be lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced 
at the specified office of the Principal Paying Agent upon payment by the claimant of such costs and 
expenses as may be incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity 
as the Issuer may reasonably require.  Mutilated or defaced Notes, Coupons or Talons must be 
surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11. 
AGENTS 
The initial Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with 
any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Agent and/or appoint additional or 
other Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Agent acts, provided 
that: 
(a) 
there will at all times be a Principal Paying Agent; and 
(b) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any other 
relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in such 
place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock exchange or other 
relevant authority; and 
(c) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within Europe, other than the 
jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated.  
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 5.4 (General provisions applicable to payments). 
Notice of any variation, termination, appointment or change in Paying Agents will be given to the 
Noteholders promptly by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices). 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume 
any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Noteholder or Couponholder. The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Agent is merged or 
converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets to 
become the successor agent. 
12. 
EXCHANGE OF TALONS 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified 
office of any Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in 
respect of the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8 
(Prescription).

--- Page 83 ---
83 
 
 
13. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Notes will be deemed to be validly given if published (a) in a leading English 
language daily newspaper of general circulation in London and (b) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on, and listed on the Official List of, the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, 
www.bourse.lu. It is expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Financial 
Times in London. The Issuer shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which 
complies with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant authority on which the Notes are for 
the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading including publication on the 
website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant authority if required by those rules. Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published 
in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.   
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any Global Notes representing 
the Notes are held in their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be 
substituted for such publication in such newspaper(s) or such websites the delivery of the relevant 
notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for communication by them to the holders of the 
Notes and, in addition, for so long as any Notes are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to 
trading by another relevant authority and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so 
require, such notice will be published on the website of the relevant stock exchange or relevant 
authority and/or in a daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those 
rules. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the second 
day after the day on which the said notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Noteholder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together (in 
the case of any Note in definitive form) with the relative Note or Notes, with the Principal Paying 
Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a Global Note, such notice may be given by any 
holder of a Note to the Principal Paying Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Principal Paying Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
14. 
MEETINGS OF NOTEHOLDERS AND MODIFICATION 
14.1 
Meetings of Noteholders 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions consistent with the laws, legislation, rules and regulations 
of the Republic of Italy (including without limitation Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, 
as amended) and the Issuer by-laws in force from time to time for convening meetings of the 
Noteholders to consider any matter affecting their interests, including any modifications of the 
Conditions or of any provisions of the Agency Agreement.  
According to the applicable laws, legislation, rules and regulations of the Republic of Italy and the 
Issuer's by-laws currently in force: (a) in case of multiple calls, such meetings will be validly held if: 
(i) in the case of a first meeting, there are one or more persons present being or representing 
Noteholders holding not less than one-half of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes for the time 
being outstanding; (ii) in case of a second meeting, there are one or more persons present being or 
representing Noteholders holding more than one-third of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes 
for the time being outstanding; and (iii) in the case of a third meeting, one or more persons present 
being or representing Noteholders holding at least one-fifth of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
Notes for the time being outstanding, provided that the Issuer's by-laws may in each case (to the extent 
permitted under the applicable laws and regulations of the Republic of Italy) provide for a higher 
quorum; and (b) if the Issuer's board of directors resolves to provide for a single call, the quorum under

--- Page 84 ---
84 
 
 
(iii) above shall apply, provided that a higher majority may be required by the Issuer's bylaws in force 
from time to time.  
The majority to pass a resolution at any meeting (including, where applicable, an adjourned meeting) 
will be at least two-thirds of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting; 
provided however that (A) in order to adopt certain proposals, as set out in article 2415 of the Italian 
Civil Code, the favourable vote of one or more persons holding or representing also in case of a second 
call not less than one half of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Notes pursuant to 
paragraph 3 of article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code shall also be required, (B) certain matters, as 
provided in the current by-laws of the Issuer in paragraph 11.2, require the favourable vote of at least 
75 per cent. of the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes represented at the meeting, and (C) if the 
Issuer's by-laws (in force from time to time) in each case (to the extent permitted under applicable 
Italian law) provide for higher majorities, such higher majorities shall prevail. Resolutions passed at 
any meeting of the Noteholders shall be binding on all Noteholders, whether or not they are present at 
the meeting, and on all Couponholders.  
14.2 
Noteholders’ Representative 
A representative of the Noteholders (rappresentante comune) (the Noteholders’ Representative) may 
be appointed pursuant to article 2417 of the Italian Civil Code in order to represent the Noteholders’ 
interests under these Conditions and to give effect to resolutions passed at a meeting of the 
Noteholders. If the Noteholders’ Representative is not appointed by a meeting of Noteholders, the 
Noteholders’ Representative shall be appointed by a decree of the Court where the Issuer has its 
registered office at the request of one or more Noteholders or at the request of the directors of the 
Issuer. The Noteholders’ Representative shall remain appointed for a maximum period of three years 
but may be reappointed again thereafter. 
14.3 
Modification 
In derogation from Article 2415 of the Italian Civil Code, the Agent and the Issuer may agree, without 
the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(a) 
any modification (except such modifications in respect of which an increased quorum is 
required as mentioned above) of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in 
the opinion of the Issuer, is not prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(b) 
any modification of the Notes, the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which, in the opinion 
of the Issuer, is of a formal, minor or technical nature or is made to correct a manifest error or 
to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law or with the provisions of the Issuer's 
By-laws (statuto) applicable to the convening of meetings, quorums and the majorities 
required to pass a resolution entered into force at any time while the Notes remain outstanding. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 13 (Notices) as soon 
as practicable thereafter. 
For the avoidance of doubt, any variation of the Conditions and the Agency Agreement to give effect 
to the Benchmark Amendments in accordance with Condition 4.4 (Benchmark Discontinuation) shall 
not require the consent or approval of Noteholders or Couponholders.  
15. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or the 
Couponholders to create and issue further notes having terms and conditions the same as the Notes or

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Notes      . 
16. 
CONTRACTS (RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES) ACT 1999 
No person shall have any right to enforce any term or condition of this Note under the Contracts 
(Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999, but this does not affect any right or remedy of any person which 
exists or is available apart from that Act. 
17. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
17.1 
Governing law 
The Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons and any non-contractual obligations arising out 
of or in connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons are governed by, and 
construed in accordance with, English law, save for Condition 14 (Meetings of Noteholders and 
Modification) and the provisions of the Agency Agreement concerning the meeting of Noteholders 
and the appointment of the rappresentante comune in respect of the Notes which are subject to 
compliance with Italian law. 
17.2 
Submission to jurisdiction 
(a) 
The English courts have exclusive jurisdiction to settle any dispute arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons, including any dispute as to their existence, 
validity, interpretation, performance, breach or termination or the consequences of their 
nullity and any dispute relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Notes and/or the Coupons (a Dispute) and accordingly each of the Issuer 
and any Noteholders or Couponholders in relation to any Dispute submits to the exclusive 
jurisdiction of the English courts. 
(b) 
For the purposes of this Condition 17.2, each of the Issuer and any Noteholders or 
Couponholders waives any objection to the English courts on the grounds that they are an 
inconvenient or inappropriate forum to settle any Dispute.  
17.3 
Appointment of Process Agent 
The Issuer appoints Laurentia Financial Services Limited at 15 Northfields Prospect, London SW18 
1PE, United Kingdom as its agent for service of process in any proceedings before the English courts 
in relation to any Dispute and agrees that, in the event of Laurentia Financial Services Limited being 
unable or unwilling for any reason so to act or ceasing to act or ceasing to be registered in England, it 
will promptly appoint another person as its agent for service of process in England in respect of any 
Dispute. The Issuer agrees that failure by a process agent to notify it of any process will not invalidate 
service. Nothing herein shall affect the right to serve process in any other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 86 ---
86 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer, as indicated in the applicable Final 
Terms relating to the relevant Tranche of Notes, either: 
(a) 
for its general corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
to finance or refinance, in whole or in part, Green Projects, Social Projects or Sustainability Projects 
(as defined below). 
According to the definition criteria set out by the International Capital Market Association (ICMA) Green 
Bond Principles (GBP), only Tranches of Notes financing or refinancing Green Projects (mentioned at (b) 
above) will be denominated “Green Bonds”.  
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Social Bond Principles (SBP), only Tranches of Notes 
financing or refinancing Social Projects (mentioned at (b) above) will be denominated “Social Bonds”. 
According to the definition criteria set out by ICMA Sustainability Bond Guidelines (SBG), only Tranches of 
Notes financing or refinancing Sustainability Projects (mentioned at (b) above) will be denominated 
“Sustainability Bonds”. 
Definitions: 
Green Projects means financings of renewable energy, energy efficiency, sustainability mobility, 
sustainability water, circular economy and green buildings projects and assets which meet a set of 
environmental criteria. 
 
Social Projects means small and medium-sized enterprises financing and financing of non-profit and civil 
economy to support access to essential services which meet a set of social criteria. 
Sustainability Projects means a combination of Green Projects and Social Projects.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
 
 4150-1861-2785.4 
DESCRIPTION OF THE ISSUER 
 
Overview  
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. (or INWIT S.p.A.) operates in Italy in the field of electronic 
communications 
infrastructure, 
specifically 
infrastructure 
devoted 
to 
hosting 
equipment 
for 
telecommunications, and radio signals broadcasting. 
INWIT operates in the sector as a result of the transfer from TIM in March 2015 (effective 1 April 2015) of a 
business unit focused mainly on activities related to the construction and management of the sites’ passive 
infrastructures, generally consisting of civil structures (such as towers, pylons and poles) and technological 
systems necessary to host the transceiver equipment owned by mobile operators and other radio service 
operators.  
The infrastructural operators working in this industry are also called “Tower Companies” or “Tower 
Operators”. In this context, INWIT stands out for being the largest Italian Tower Operator both in terms of the 
number of sites managed and total sales. 
INWIT was incorporated as a joint stock company (società per azioni) under the Laws of the Republic of Italy 
on 14 January 2015 and, pursuant to its by-laws (the By-laws), its final term ends on 31 December 2100.  
INWIT’s registered address is Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123 Milan, Italy, and it is registered with the 
Companies’ Register of Milan, Monza Brianza, Lodi with company number 08936640963, R.E.A. no. 
RA000407. Its telephone number is (+39) 0254106032.  
INWIT’s legal entity identifier (LEI) is: 81560066183FE361C071. 
INWIT’s website is www.inwit.it. The information on www.inwit.it does not form part of this Base Prospectus, 
except where that information has been incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, INWIT’s share capital is €600,000,000 divided into 960,200,000 shares 
with no indication of nominal value. The shares are not divisible and each gives the right to one vote. INWIT’s 
shares are listed on the Italian stock exchange (Borsa Italiana S.p.A. or Borsa Italiana). 
INWIT’s long-term rating is currently BB+ (stable outlook) by S&P and BBB- (stable outlook) by Fitch.  
INWIT is not part of a group and, therefore, an organizational structure has not been included in this section.  
For all the terms which are not defined in this section, please refer to section headed “Glossary of Terms 
relating to the Issuer” of this Base Prospectus. 
History 
The Italian telephone sector was thoroughly reorganised in 1964. The five regional operators – Stipel, Telve 
and Timo (northern Italy), Teti (central Italy) and Set (southern Italy) – that operated the Italian telephone 
system for nearly 40 years merged into Società Idroelettrica Piemontese (SIP), a company active in the 
electricity industry. The new entity, renamed “SIP – Società italiana per l’esercizio telefonico”, was granted 
a national monopoly to operate telephone services. SIP grew in the industry and achieved important milestones 
driven by technological progress, including the introduction of mobile telephone services. For example, SIP 
launched the SRMC (Servizio Radio Mobile di Comunicazione, Wireless Mobile Communication Service) 
system on the 160Mhz frequency band in 1974.

--- Page 88 ---
88 
 
 
When Italy hosted the World Cup Soccer Championships in 1990, SIP launched the first mass-market mobile 
telephone system in the country, named TACS (Total Access Communications System), operating at the 
900Mhz frequency band. 
Following the introduction of this new service, the sector was deregulated and privatised in Italy and Europe. 
This led to the end of the monopoly in the mobile telephone sector, and then in the landline sector. Telecom 
Italia was a result of the merger between SIP, Iritel (the company which managed the networks and operator-
assisted services), Italcable (international telecommunication services), Telespazio (satellite services) and 
Sirm (maritime wireless services) in 1994. Licences for the operation of GSM (Global System for Mobile 
communication at 900Mhz) services were awarded to Omnitel and Telecom Italia. 
Telecom Italia spun off its mobile telephone operating services in 1995, by forming Telecom Italia Mobile and 
listing it on the Milan Stock Exchange. As a result, Telecom Italia developed its mobile network in terms of 
geographical and population coverage, with the resulting installation of a large number of sites. In 2006, 
Telecom Italia Mobile and Telecom Italia merged into a single entity, Telecom Italia. 
The technological development continued with the introduction of new technologies such as LTE (Long Term 
Evolution in the 800-1800-2,600Mhz bands). The development of technologies together with the major growth 
of the Italian mobile telephone services market stimulated the development of the network necessary to 
guarantee population and territorial coverage, and the increase in transmission capacity for end customers. In 
this respect, we believe Telecom Italia (and previously SIP) has been at the forefront in developing an 
infrastructure that has always been recognised as one of the most important not only in Europe, but worldwide. 
As part of the process of developing and focusing the network infrastructure activities undertaken by Telecom 
Italia, the Technology and IT Department was created within the Domestic-Core Domestic Business Unit for 
the purpose of specifically monitoring that part of the Telecom Italia Group value chain. The Technology and 
IT Department was, among other things, responsible for the development, construction and operation of 
network, real estate and installation infrastructure which is of strategic importance for the realisation of 
Telecom Italia Group’s industrial development plans. 
In order to increase the focus on network infrastructure activities, Telecom Italia created the Tower Business 
within the Technology Department in October 2014. The Tower Business was responsible for monitoring site 
operation and management services, managing relationships with third parties and managing commercial and 
administrative relations with site users. 
 As of 31 December 2014, the above-mentioned business branch included 11,519 Sites distributed throughout 
the national territory, resulting from over 40 years of developing mobile radio networks by the TIM Group 
since it was still operating under a monopoly regime. INWIT was incorporated on 14 January 2015 and it is 
the beneficiary company of the contribution of the branch of business (conferimento di ramo d’azienda) from 
TIM to the Issuer, which took place on 26 March 2015, and was effective from 1 April 2015, mainly concerning 
the activities relating to the construction and management of the Passive Infrastructures of the Sites, generally 
consisting of Civil Infrastructures and Technological Installations, necessary to host the Active Infrastructures 
owned by TIM and by other clients.   
On 22 June 2015, negotiations on INWIT’s shares started on the MTA (Mercato Telematico Azionario, MTA) 
division of Borsa Italiana. 
On 26 July 2019, the Board of Directors of INWIT approved the signing of a framework agreement (the 
Framework Agreement, as subsequently amended and supplemented) – entered into between TIM, VOD, 
VOD EU and INWIT – in order to regulate terms and conditions of a unitary transaction aimed at consolidating 
towers of VOD and towers of INWIT through: (i) the establishment of VOD Towers, the Demerger and the 
subsequent Merger of VOD Towers in INWIT; and (ii) the closing of an industrial partnership through the 
signing of the Commercial Agreements between INWIT, VOD and TIM (the Transaction). The Transaction 
was completed as of the Effective Date on 31 March 2020. As a result of the Transaction, INWIT took over

--- Page 89 ---
89 
 
 
the approximately 11,000 towers owned by VOD Towers, and is today the third-largest listed independent 
operator in Europe, with more than 22,000 towers. 
On 5 November 2020, the Board of Directors examined and approved the update to INWIT’s Business Plan 
for 2021-2023. The Plan envisages strong business growth for the company, with an ambitious plan of 
cumulative investments for 2021-2023 of around Euro 600 million. The plan forecasts growth in hosting for 
TIM and Vodafone and also provides for a significant increase in hosting for all the major market operators, 
both mobile and FWA. 
Business activities of INWIT 
System of authorisations and regulations for INWIT's activities 
Providing for the installation and supply of an electronic communications network throughout Italy implies, 
for the operator, the ownership and, therefore, the acquisition of a general authorisation pursuant to article 25 
of Italian Legislative Decree no. 259 of 2003, the so-called “Code of Electronic Communications” (Codice 
delle Comunicazioni Elettroniche) (CCE). Such authorisation follows the submission of a certified report of 
the beginning of the activities (segnalazione certificata di inizio di attività) (SCIA), which entitles the operator 
to start the activity from the date of submission of the same report. Within sixty days from the date of the 
submission of the mentioned report, the Ministry verifies that the relevant conditions and requirements are 
met, and, if necessary, issues a motivated measure (provvedimento motivato) prohibiting the continuation of 
activities. The company holding the general authorisation must register with the register of communication 
operators. 
In addition, with reference to: 
a) 
the construction and/or modification of electronic communication infrastructures for radioelectric plants, 
an authorisation pursuant to article 87 CCE is needed;  
 
b) 
the installation of equipment based on UMTS technology, related evolutions or other technologies on 
pre-existing radioelectric infrastructures or changes to the transmission characteristics, a certified report 
of the beginning of the activities (segnalazione certificata di inizio di attività) will need to be submitted 
pursuant to article 87 bis CCE; and 
 
c) 
the changes to the characteristics of those plants for which an authorisation (titolo abilitativo) has already 
been obtained, which involve increases in heights of no more than 1 metre and increases in the surface 
area (superficie di sagoma) of no more than 1.5 square metres, a self-certification will need to be 
submitted pursuant to article 87 ter CCE. 
 
With reference to the main reasons for suspending and revoking (cause di sospensione e revoca) the general 
authorisation, article 103 CCE provides that, subject to formal notice, the general authorisation can be 
suspended for up to thirty days in the event of a further non-compliance with the obligations laid down by 
the CCE itself, including the obligation to pay contributions. In the event of non-compliance with the 
obligations following the suspension, the authorisation is revoked. Finally, failure to meet any of the 
requirements set by the CCE leads to the forfeiture of the general authorisation. 
Article 98 CCE provides for further causes of revocation of the general authorisation if the breaches are 
serious or repeated more than twice over the course of a five-year period. By way of example, the breaches 
consist in: (i) the repeated installation and supply of electronic communication networks for public use 
without obtaining the relevant general authorisation; (ii) in the installation and supply of electronic 
communication networks or offer of electronic communication services for public use not complying with 
the declaration made pursuant to article 25, paragraph 4, CCE; (iii) in the failure to comply with the 
conditions set by the general authorisation or failure to notify documents, data and information requested 
by the Ministry within the terms and on the conditions set forth; (iv) in the failure to comply with the 
obligations of services for justice purposes rendered in response to requests for wiretapping and information

--- Page 90 ---
90 
 
 
from the competent judicial authorities even from the start of the activity; and (v) in the event of non-
payment of administrative fees and contributions pursuant to article 34 and 35 CCE. In some cases, the 
possible right of use may also be revoked. 
Finally, article 32 CCE sets forth that, in the event of serious breaches, repeated more than twice in the five-
year period, of the conditions outlined by the general authorisation, or relating to the rights of use or specific 
obligations pursuant to article 28, paragraph 2, and the measures aimed at ensuring their compliance being 
ineffective, the Authority may suspend or revoke the rights of use. 
Similarly, each authorisation obtained by the operator for the construction of the infrastructures may be 
suspended, annulled or revoked by the Administration, also through the implementation of self-protection 
measures (atti in autotutela), in accordance with the general provisions of Italian Law no. 241/1990 on the 
administrative proceeding. In particular, the Administration may also annul the authorisation issued by silent 
consent if the authorisation is unlawful, if reasons of public interest exist and within a reasonable period of 
time not exceeding eighteen months from the time the measure is adopted. The Administration may also 
revoke the authorisation issued, also by silent consent, for unexpected reasons of public interest or in the 
event of a change in the factual situation not foreseeable at the time of the adoption of the measure. Finally, 
the effectiveness or the execution of the authorisation may be suspended by the Administration for serious 
reasons and for the time strictly necessary. 
The suspension of the general authorisation prevents the operator from carrying out its activity as per the 
terms indicated in the suspension measure, causing an interruption in the services it provides. Revocation of 
the general authorisation, on the other hand, implies the absolute impossibility for the operator to continue 
carrying out its activity of supplying networks and electronic communications services, with consequent 
negative effects on the authorisations obtained for the installation of the infrastructures, which would likewise 
be subject to revocation, obliging the operator to dispose of the installed plants. 
With reference to the individual authorisations, any suspension by the Administration requires the operator 
to terminate construction of the infrastructure or, in the event this has already been completed, the temporary 
deactivation of the plant for the time stated in the suspension measure. Revocation or annulment of the 
authorisations also requires the operator to dispose of the installed plants, which may lead to disservices or 
interruptions. Indeed, the coverage areas of each plant are structured in an integrated manner in relation to 
the location of the other infrastructures. 
In addition to the authorisation system, in installing and supplying an electronic communication network, 
the operator shall comply with the environmental and health legislation, with particular regard to electric, 
magnetic and electromagnetic fields (EME). 
The legislation is regulated, also in relation to the sanctioning regime, by Italian Law no. 36/2001 
“Framework law on protection against exposures to electric, magnetic, and electromagnetic fields” whose 
purpose, inter alia, is to: (i) ensure health protection of workers (male and female) and members of the 
general public from the effects of exposure to certain levels of EME; (ii) safeguard the environment and 
landscapes; and (iii) promote technological innovation and actions for decontamination aimed at minimizing 
the intensity and effects of the EME according to the best available technologies. 
The Prime Minister’s Decree (DPCM – Decreto del Presidente del Consiglio dei Ministri) of 8 July 2003, 
implementing Italian Law no. 36/2001, set (i) the exposure limits and attention values for the prevention of 
short-term effects and possible long-term effects in the general public due to exposure to electromagnetic 
fields generated by fixed sources with a frequency between 100 kHz and 300 GHz and (ii) the quality targets, 
for the purpose of progressively minimizing exposure to the fields and identifying techniques for measuring 
exposure levels. Finally, Article 14, paragraphs 9 and 10 of Italian Legislative Decree no. 179/2012 
(converted with amendments by Italian Law no. 221/2012) states that regions may impose administrative 
sanctions in relation to exceeding the exposure limits and attention values for high and low frequencies 
respectively, and for failure to comply with the limits and implementation times of the recovery plans.

--- Page 91 ---
91 
 
 
Activities carried out by INWIT 
INWIT operates in Italy in the field of electronic communications infrastructure, and specifically it offers 
Integrated Hosting Services at its Sites for transceiver equipment owned by its clients, which form part of 
telecommunication networks, particularly for radio-mobile access. In addition, INWIT is developing the 
coverage service for mobile telephony through its DAS (Distributed Antenna System) systems, which enable 
optimal coverage of sites with high traffic, both outdoors and indoors.  
The Issuer builds and manages Passive Infrastructures necessary to host the equipment and technological 
systems owned by TIM, VOD and other operators.  
The infrastructural operators working in this industry are also called Tower Operators, in relation to their main 
activity consisting in the management of the Civil Infrastructures such as towers, pylons and poles.  
Services offered by INWIT 
The services offered by a Tower Operator (including the Issuer) meet the needs of hospitality with regards to 
the different types of electronic communications network operators, namely: 
(i) 
mobile network operators (operatori radiomobili);  
(ii) 
operators owning Licences for radio transmission services in other technologies (for example, Fixed 
Wireless Access, point-to-point and point-to-multipoint PDH and/or SDH); 
(iii) 
institutions, public entities, armed forces, etc., for the execution of private networks.  
INWIT’s services portfolio consists of three main categories of services, namely: (i) hosting services; (ii) 
research, design and construction; and (iii) ancillary services.  
The Integrated Hosting Services offered to network operators provide the infrastructure on which the radio 
transmission equipment is placed, inclusive of the power supply and the Technological Installations aimed at 
ensuring proper functioning of the installed equipment. Aside from the primary hosting component, such 
services also include collateral activities such as maintenance (ordinary, corrective and extraordinary), 
monitoring and security of the Sites.  
The research, design and construction services include selecting and acquiring the Sites, as well as providing 
the engineering, administrative and technical services that are instrumental to the activation of the Sites. 
Ancillary services include a broad range of supplemental services, focused on the further enhancement of 
existing Sites and the implementation of a new generation of infrastructure. These include hosting services 
through micro coverage, indoor and outdoor, via DAS (Distributed Antenna Systems) and Small Cells. DAS 
and Small Cells, radio transmission equipment, are owned by INWIT and offered to network operators to 
optimize coverage in indoor locations or in outdoor locations with high traffic. 
The services offered by the Tower Operators are fully integrated in the most critical elements of the value 
chain of network operators, providing to such operators the necessary infrastructures to compete in their 
respective markets. 
Integrated Hosting Services 
The Integrated Hosting Services provide clients (Tower Rental) with:  
(i) 
physical spaces on the Issuer's Vertical Support Structures, which can host the Radiant Systems 
receiving and transmitting radio signals;

--- Page 92 ---
92 
 
 
(ii) 
indoor physical spaces, so-called shelters, suitable for the installation of Clients' Equipment and for 
the connection of the related Radiant Systems; 
(iii) 
access to the electricity networks and Technological Installations, consisting of power supply systems 
(including energy backup systems) and air-conditioning and/or ventilation systems that ensure the 
correct operation of Clients' Equipment. 
The Integrated Hosting Services also include the provision of maintenance, monitoring and security 
management services to the areas and the Technological Installations. 
Research, design and construction services for new Sites 
INWIT offers all technical-engineering, administrative and property services, which are instrumental for the 
activation of new Sites, delivering single services separately or through the construction by it of the new Site 
and proposing the related Integrated Hosting Services. Pursuant to the TIM MSA and the VOD MSA, should 
TIM and VOD require, in the context of their respective development plans, a new Site, TIM and VOD shall 
require INWIT to provide the relevant services, as “Privileged Supplier” among the other Tower Operators.   
The Issuer also intends to take advantage of the technical, engineering and regulatory know-how, alongside 
the knowledge of territorial realities, built during years of experience within the TIM Group, in order to deliver 
highly technological turnkey services – mainly to operators different from national Mobile Network Operators 
(“Mobile Network Operator” or “MNOs”), and in particular to the “Other Than Mobile Operators” (“OTMOs”) 
in relation to networks or their related geographic portions (for example, the coverage of a municipal, 
provincial or regional area). Such complete services are characterised by multiple and interconnected activities 
aimed at the planning, design and construction of radio networks.  
Ancillary services 
The development of the services portfolio is focused on the further enhancement of the existing Sites and on 
the building of next-generation infrastructures, taking advantage of opportunities arising from the management 
of an increasing amount of data on radio-mobile networks. In this context, the Issuer’s services portfolio 
includes: 
(i) 
infrastructures and services to facilitate the implementation of distributed coverage (Distributed 
Antenna Networks and Small Cells) in areas with a higher density of access and traffic; 
(ii) 
hosting technologies related to the development of Smart Cities and, in particular, to the teleprocessing 
systems for public utility services; and 
(iii) 
backhauling services for the fibreoptic connection of INWIT’s sites. 
Clients' Portfolio of the Issuer 
The services provided by the Issuer are mainly addressed to companies operating in the telecommunications 
sector.  
In particular, the Company currently holds a diversified portfolio of clients that mainly includes telephone 
operators and, to a limited extent, broadband radio service providers and other entities such as the Public 
Administration and public-interest entities (e.g. Civil Protection, Universities, Armed Forces, etc.). 
As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer’s principal clients are TIM and VOD from among the main 
national Mobile Operators. 
The Issuer’s other clients include:

--- Page 93 ---
93 
 
 
(i) 
other national Mobile Network Operators (“MNOs”) represented by Wind Tre and Iliad, which provide 
mobile services based on GSM, UMTS and LTE technologies; 
(ii) 
operators with Licences for radio transmission services in other technologies, in particular Fixed 
Wireless Access, including Open Fiber, EOLO, Linkem and Fastweb; and 
(iii) 
entities other than the national Mobile Network Operators (“OTMOs”), among which the main ones 
are institutions, public bodies, Armed Forces, etc., for the realisation of private networks. 
In the financial year ended 31 December 2020, total revenues amounted to €663,408 thousand, of which 
approximately 84% was attributable to the activities carried out in favour of TIM and VOD on the basis of the 
TIM MSA and VOD MSA, for a value of approximately €554,430 thousand. Revenues from third party clients 
amount to €88,048 thousand (13% of total revenues), revenues from hospitality on new services amount to 
€12,815 thousand (2% of total revenues) and one-off revenues amounted to €8,115 thousands (1% of total 
revenues). 
The high profile of the clients, their concentration, the medium to long-term duration of the commercial 
agreements entered into with them and the importance of the services offered by the Issuer within the MNO 
value chain are the significant aspects of the Issuer’s business. 
Methods of supplying the Integrated Hospitality Services and related agreements 
INWIT provides the Integrated Hospitality Services in manners agreed upon with its clients, nevertheless 
committing itself to guaranteeing a continuous update of the type and methods of supply of the services, so 
that clients are able to benefit from technological progress. 
The Issuer is responsible for the ordinary, corrective and extraordinary maintenance activities of the Sites and 
undertakes, for the entire duration of the agreements entered into with its clients, to carry out all the agreed 
works in order to guarantee the supply of the Integrated Hospitality Services and the agreed levels of service. 
INWIT’s types of contract for the provision of services have distinct characteristics based on the different 
types of client. 
Namely, contractual relationships with operators other than TIM (and, as of the Closing Date, other than VOD 
as well) are governed by specific Hospitality Agreements which provide for a fixed consideration based on the 
relevance, position and type of Site (mainly taking into consideration factors relating to population density and 
orographic complexity of the territory), lasting between three and six years with tacit renewal. 
In addition to the hospitality services, specific contractual annexes also lay out performance terms and 
conditions, in particular for facility management services and engineering agreements. Framework agreements 
are terminated in the event of revocation to one of the contractual parties of the authorisations issued by the 
competent authorities to carry out the activities and in the event of one of the parties being subject to insolvency 
and insolvency proceedings. 
The Hospitality Agreements relating to individual Sites have varying durations, which can be dependent on 
the duration of the lease contract of the property on which the ownership insists, or be set at six years, 
renewable tacitly. The Hospitality Agreements normally provide for a right of withdrawal for the hosted party, 
which can be exercised at any time with prior notice varying from six to twelve months, and ipso jure 
termination clauses of the agreement itself in the event of, inter alia: (i) failure by the hosted company to 
obtain the necessary authorisations and permits for the building of its equipment within a deadline from the 
signing of the agreement, up to eighteen months; (ii) expiration, cancellation or any other reason resulting in 
the lease contract with the ownership of the property no longer being effective.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
 
 
The prices and conditions defined with the Mobile Network Operators (other than TIM and VOD) derive from 
sharing framework agreements and set forth considerations that tend to be lower than market prices, since they 
take into account the cost-sharing mechanisms. 
With reference to entities other than mobile network operators, such as the Public Administration, service 
providers on Fixed Wireless Access technology and other OTMOs, commercial relations are governed by 
specific hospitality agreements, which substantially provide the same services that are provided to MNOs 
(including hospitality, engineering and maintenance services). The contractual clauses provide for, 
alternatively, a fixed consideration or, in some particular cases, a consideration divided into fixed and variable 
components, for a variable duration based on the concrete needs of the client. 
TIM MSA 2015 and TIM MSA  
On 13 March 2015, the Issuer entered into an agreement with TIM for the provision of Integrated Hospitality 
Services in favor of the latter, with regards to existing Sites (so-called Master Service Agreement), effective 
from 1 April 2015 and with an initial duration of eight years renewable tacitly upon expiry for a further two 
periods of eight years, up to a maximum total duration of twenty-four years (2039), unless terminated by one 
of the parties, at the time of each expiry, with prior notice of at least 12 months. 
As of the Closing Date, INWIT and TIM signed the TIM MSA (and, therefore, consensually terminated the 
TIM MSA 2015, effective from the Effective Date). Pursuant to the TIM MSA, INWIT committed itself to 
provide TIM, against payment of a consideration, on the existing Sites, with the following Integrated 
Hospitality Services: (i) use of the electromagnetic space and related physical areas for the installation and 
management of equipment for the use of available frequencies and the supply of the related mobile network 
services; (ii) supply of the power and air-conditioning systems, capable of ensuring the correct power supply 
and functioning of the equipment even in the event of a power failure; (iii) monitoring and security services; 
(iv) management and maintenance services; (v) electricity supply services; and (vi) measurement and 
monitoring services of the physical and electromagnetic space. 
The TIM MSA has a duration of eight years and will be renewed tacitly for further periods of eight years, 
unless cancelled for the total number of Sites occupied on an “all-or-nothing” basis. The consideration 
envisaged for the first year of effectiveness of the contract is equal to €317.7 million for the sites on which 
TIM is present on the Effective Date (the TIM Effective Date Sites Fee). In addition, an annual fee will be 
charged for any additional sites on which TIM will be present after the Effective Date (the TIM Next Site 
Fee). 
From the Effective Date, TIM’s occupation of a new site will result in an automatic decrease of a TIM Effective 
Sites Fee, time by time, to the extent of 50% of the value of TIM Next Site Fee. 
These fees are 100% linked to the Italian Consumer Price Index and, if positive, increased accordingly, with 
no cap, as of 1 January of every following year for, respectively, the TIM Effective Date Sites Fee and the 
TIM Next Site Fee.  
VOD MSA 
As of the Closing Date, INWIT and VOD entered into the VOD MSA, effective from the Effective Date, 
pursuant to which INWIT committed itself to provide VOD, against payment of a consideration, on the existing 
Sites, with the same Integrated Hospitality Services offered to TIM, under the same terms and conditions of 
the TIM MSA. 
The VOD MSA has a duration of eight years and will be renewed tacitly for further periods of eight years, 
unless cancelled for the total number of Sites occupied on an “all-or-nothing” basis. The consideration 
envisaged for the first year of effectiveness of the contract is equal to €320.3 million for the sites on which 
VOD is present on the Effective Date (the VOD Effective Date Sites Fee). In addition, an annual fee will be

--- Page 95 ---
95 
 
 
charged for any additional sites on which VOD will be present after the Effective Date (the VOD Next Site 
Fee).  
From the Effective Date, VOD’s occupation of a new site will result in an automatic decrease of a VOD 
Effective Sites Fee, time by time, to the extent of 50% of the value of VOD Next Site Fee. 
These fees are 100% linked to the Italian Consumer Price Index and, if positive, increased accordingly, with 
no cap, as of 1 January of every following year for, respectively, the VOD Effective Date Sites Fee and the 
VOD Next Site Fee.  
Key Operating Figures 
The table below provides some key operating figures for INWIT’s business as at 31 December 2019 and 31 
December 2020: 
2019 
2020 
REVENUES (€mln) ................................................................................................. 
395.4 
663.4 
EBITDA (€mln) ....................................................................................................... 
349.8 
603.8 
RECURRING FREE CASH FLOWS (€mln) .......................................................... 
156.6 
271.8 
ESMA net financial DEBT (€mln) ........................................................................... 
712.4 
3,713.2 
 
Employees  
As at 31 December 2020, INWIT had 206 employees. They can be subdivided into their respective categories, 
as follows:  
Personnel in service by position (number) 
2019 
2020 
Executives ................................................................................................................  
10 
18 
Middle Managers .....................................................................................................  
33 
41 
Employees ...............................................................................................................  
79 
147 
Total ........................................................................................................................  
122 
206 
INWIT’s Business Plan for 2021-2023 
On 5 November 2020, the Board of Directors examined and approved the update to INWIT’s Business Plan 
for 2021-2023. The Plan envisages strong business growth for the company, with an ambitious plan of 
cumulative investments for 2021-2023 of around Euro 600 million. Investments will be used to develop new 
sites (towers), to strongly develop indoor and outdoor micro coverage with DASs (Distributed Antenna 
Systems) and small cells, as well as to develop optical fibre backhauling and to increase the owned plots of 
land. 
Thanks to the support offered by this development plan and the efficient management, all financial parameters 
are expected to show strong growth in 2021-2023. 
From an industrial standpoint, the plan forecasts strong growth in hosting for TIM and Vodafone with more 
than 10,000 new sites in support of a fast and efficient rollout of 5G technology. The plan also provides for a

--- Page 96 ---
96 
 
 
significant increase in hosting for all the major market operators, both mobile and FWA, a technology that 
shows particularly strong growth dynamics. 
Recent Corporate Activity  
Share Buy back  
On 28 October 2020 and on 11 January 2021, the Company bought 82,000 shares and 50,000 shares 
respectively in order to serve incentive plans for employees and Company management. As consequence of 
shares distribution to employees for the Employees Share Ownership Plan, on 30 June 2021 the number of 
treasury shares is 86,550.  
Transaction aimed at consolidating towers of VOD and towers of INWIT  
On 26 July 2019, the Board of Directors of INWIT approved the signing of a framework agreement (the 
Framework Agreement, as subsequently amended and supplemented) - entered into between TIM, VOD, 
VOD EU and INWIT (the Parties) – in order to regulate terms and conditions of a unitary transaction aimed 
at consolidating towers of VOD and towers of INWIT through: (i) the establishment of VOD Towers, the 
Demerger e the subsequent Merger of VOD Towers in INWIT; and (ii) the closing of an industrial partnership 
through the signing of the Commercial Agreements between INWIT, VOD and TIM (the Transaction).  
In this regard, in execution of the provisions of the Framework Agreement, inter alia: 
(i) 
on 4 December 2019, the partial and proportional demerger of VOD in favour of VOD Towers – a 
company incorporated on 5 August 2019 by VOD EU – was completed pursuant to article 2506 of the 
Italian Civil Code, with consequent assignment of the Towers Branch to VOD Towers; 
(ii) 
given that all the conditions precedent provided for in the Framework Agreement had been fulfilled, 
the Parties on the Closing Date entered into, inter alia, the Deed of Merger and signed the agreement 
concerning the Sale and Purchase. 
The Sale and Purchase took effect on the Effective Date, immediately before the effectiveness of the Merger.  
As a result of the Sale and Purchase, INWIT held 43.4% of the share capital of VOD Towers (while the 
remaining 56.6% was still held by VOD EU). 
On the Effective Date, the Merger was completed and the New Ordinary Shares were issued, without capital 
increase, to serve the Exchange Ratio and assigned to VOD EU against cancellation of the equity interest held 
in VOD Towers (i.e. 56.6% of the share capital). Since 12 June 2020, the New Ordinary Shares are traded on 
the MTA on a par with the ordinary shares of the Issuer.  
At the Closing Date, TIM, VOD and INWIT entered into the Commercial Agreements, while the so-called 
“Active Sharing Agreement”, that regulates mutual rights and obligations in relation to the sharing of the 
related active infrastructures, will be executed between TIM and VOD within three months from the Effective 
Date. 
 
In order to finance the payment of the Price and the Special Dividend, in addition to refinancing part of the 
existing indebtedness of the Issuer and to finance its cash needs, on 19 December 2019 the Issuer signed with 
a pool of banks a facility agreement in order to grant to INWIT a facility for a total principal amount of Euro 
3,000,000,000 (the Facility), divided into three different lines for an amount of, respectively: Euro 
1,500,000,000 (so-called bridge facility), Euro 1,000,000,000 (so-called term loan facility) and Euro 
500,000,000 (so-called revolving credit facility). 
  
Except  for the revolving credit facility, the Facility has been refinanced in 2020 and 2021 through bond 
issuances and an ESG KPI-linked term loan.

--- Page 97 ---
97 
 
 
As part of the conditions laid down by the Framework Agreement for the perfection of the Transaction, it should 
be noted that, on 17 January 2020, TIM and Vodafone Group Plc formally communicated the planned 
concentration operation (i.e. the acquisition of the joint control of INWIT by VOD EU and TIM) to the European 
Commission, pursuant to Regulation (EU) no. 139/2004 (the Concentration Regulation). 
On 14 February 2020, TIM and Vodafone Group Plc presented to the European Commission commitments 
pursuant to article 6(2) of the Concentration Regulation (the Commitments). The Commitments were 
subsequently supplemented on 3 March 2020. 
On 6 March 2020, the European Commission authorised the transaction pursuant to the Concentration 
Regulation, subject to compliance with the Commitments. 
Pursuant to the Commitments, the parties are bound to ensure that: INWIT guarantees access to third party 
companies to a minimum number of its Sites (equal to 4,000) located in municipalities with a population of 
more than 35,000, over a period of eight years; INWIT makes available to third parties a minimum number of 
Sites per year, depending on the years, between 250 and 900, with a 10% -tolerance on the minimum number 
of Sites made available; certain parameters for the selection of Sites to be made available are respected; INWIT 
publishes the Transparency Register on its website; INWIT adopts a transparent procedure to ensure that 
responses to requests for access by third-party companies are treated in a non-discriminatory manner based on 
the “first come-first served” criterion; any disputes between a third-party company and INWIT relating to the 
latter’s refusal to give access to its own Site are settled through an out-of-court settlement procedure 
(procedura di risoluzione stragiudiziale) and any disputes with third-party companies relating to compliance 
with the Commitments by TIM and VOD are settled through an arbitration procedure; and a Monitoring 
Trustee is appointed (as has happened).  
Under the Concentration Regulation, in the event of breach of the Commitments, the European Commission 
may: (i) impose sanctions and (ii) withdraw the authorisation granted. 
As regards sanctions, the European Commission may impose: (a) a fine of up to 10% of the total turnover 
(fatturato totale) of the relevant company in the event that the breach concerns one of the conditions subject to 
which the authorization has been granted (e.g., a divestiture); or (b) a penalty payment of up to 5% of the average 
daily turnover of the relevant company for each working day of delay in the performance of an obligation aimed 
to ensure proper implementation of the commitments (e.g. appointment of the Monitoring Trustee). These 
sanctions would be borne by the notifying parties (i.e. TIM and Vodafone Group Plc). 
In case of breach of the Commitments, the Commission may also withdraw the clearance decision, with 
subsequent initiation of a new investigation (istruttoria) as a result of which the concentration could be 
prohibited where the Commission considers that the concentration would significantly impede effective 
competition in the common market or in a substantial part of it. In such a case, the parties, including INWIT, 
would have to re-establish the status quo ante with associated costs and burdens. 
The Commitments, entered into force with the authorisation decision of 6 March 2020, will last eight years 
starting from the first publication of the Transparency Register (i.e. a public register of the Sites that will be 
progressively made accessible to third-party companies), without prejudice to the possibility for the parties to 
ask the European Commission for a revocation, amendment or substitution of the Commitments, in order to 
make them less onerous for the relevant parties including INWIT, where there is a change in the competitive 
framework that justifies such a request. The European Commission, on the contrary, is not allowed to 
unilaterally modify the Commitments. 
On 25 March 2020, TIM, Vodafone Group Plc, VOD and INWIT signed, in their mutual interest, a letter of 
commitment through which they agreed to define in good faith, with a view to a greater organizational 
efficiency, the concrete measures to implement the Commitments. In this regard, there is no limitation to the 
possible recourse of the notifying parties against INWIT in the event of INWIT’s default, nor any further 
consequences deriving from the Company’s failure to comply with the aforesaid letter of commitment. Given

--- Page 98 ---
98 
 
 
the purely implementing nature of the Commitments of such letter, this has not been subject of the Related 
Parties Procedure.  
In addition, as part of the Transaction: 
- 
INWIT has paid a Special Dividend of €0.5936 for each of INWIT’s outstanding ordinary shares post-
Merger, as already approved by INWIT’s Shareholders' Meeting on 19 December 2019; 
- 
TIM and VOD EU signed the Shareholders’ Agreement, aimed at regulating the relations between such 
companies as shareholders of INWIT; and 
- 
the new by-laws of INWIT have been adopted. 
It should also be noted that the Demerger involves joint liability that lies with VOD Towers (and, consequently 
post-Merger, with INWIT), within the limits of the effective value of the shareholders’ equity (patrimonio netto) 
assigned to it, for VOD’s debts not satisfied by the latter under article 2506-quater, paragraph 3, of the Italian 
Civil Code, and for liabilities (elementi del passivo) whose allocation is not inferable from the demerger project 
under article 2506-bis, paragraph 3, of the Italian Civil Code. The Demerger also determines, with regard to tax 
and fiscal aspects, the joint liability that lies with the beneficiary company (i.e. VOD Towers and, post-Merger, 
INWIT) under certain applicable Italian law provisions.  
In this respect, in the context of the Demerger, VOD undertook to indemnify VOD Towers (and therefore, 
post-Merger, INWIT) for any liabilities that this latter may incur as a result of VOD Towers’ joint liability 
arising pursuant to law from the Demerger. In addition, Vodafone Group Plc (parent company of both VOD 
EU and VOD) has issued a parent company guarantee under English law in favour of INWIT, without 
limitation of any amount, to guarantee the fulfilment of the obligations of VOD. 
As a result of the Transaction, INWIT took over the approximately 11,000 towers owned by VOD Towers, 
and is today the third-largest listed independent operator in Europe, with more than 22,000 towers, enabling 
the development of innovative solutions throughout the national territory, from smart cities to Industry 4.0 and 
indoor coverage in major cities.  
Accelerated book-building transaction 
On 22 April 2020, TIM and VOD EU entered into an agreement in order to partially and temporarily waive 
certain commitments contained in the Shareholders' Agreement (the Derogation Agreement). In particular, 
with the Derogation Agreement, TIM and VOD EU waived the commitments set forth in the Shareholders’ 
Agreement relating to the limitations on transfers of interests held in INWIT (for further details, see 
“Shareholders' Agreement” section below) in order to consent to: (i) the subscription of a securities lending 
agreement (contratto di prestito titoli) by TIM in favour of VOD EU of no. 41,666,665 ordinary shares of 
INWIT admitted to listing on the MTA, representing about 4.339% of INWIT's share capital, held by TIM (the 
TIM Loan); (ii) the subscription of a securities lending agreement (contratto di prestito titoli) by VOD EU in 
favour of TIM of no. 41,666,665 INWIT’s ordinary shares not yet listed on the MTA, equal to 4.339% of 
INWIT's share capital, held by VOD EU (the VOD EU Loan and, together with the TIM Loan, the Loans); 
and (iii) the transfer (cessione) of no. 83,333,330 INWIT’s shares by TIM and VOD EU, in equal measure, 
equal as a whole to approximately 8.678% of INWIT's share capital, through an accelerated book-building 
transaction reserved to institutional investors (the ABB). The Loans were subscribed on 22 April 2020 and the 
related transfers took place on 23 April 2020; similarly, the transfer under the ABB was completed on 23 April 
2020 with the placing of no. 83,333,330 INWIT’s shares held, in equal measure, by TIM and VOD EU. The 
ABB transaction closed on 27 April 2020. Upon completion of the ABB transaction, as agreed in the Loans, 
these latter will cease on 20 July 2020 and, on that date, at the same time, VOD EU will have to return to TIM, 
and TIM will have to return to VOD EU, no. 41,666,665 INWIT’s ordinary shares (admitted to listing on the 
MTA or not yet admitted to listing on the MTA depending on whether or not the related listing process has 
been successfully completed on that date).

--- Page 99 ---
99 
 
 
Legal proceedings and arbitration 
During the twelve months preceding the date of this Base Prospectus, INWIT has not been involved in any 
administrative, judicial or arbitration proceedings that may have, or have recently had, a significant impact on 
the Issuer’s financial position or profitability.  
It should be noted that, as of the date of this Base Prospectus, INWIT is a party to approximately 130 judicial 
proceedings, mainly of an administrative and civil nature. In addition, five criminal proceedings are pending, 
still at the preliminary investigation stage (indagini preliminari) of which one is at the opposition stage with a 
request for oblation.  
Active administrative litigation mainly involves appeals before the competent administrative Authorities 
against orders denying the installation of base radio stations issued by local territorial Authorities; on the 
passive side, INWIT is mainly involved in litigation brought by private persons and bodies challenging orders 
issued by local territorial Authorities authorising the installation of base radio stations. 
Civil litigation, almost exclusively passive, originates from the lease agreements entered into by INWIT for 
the installation of base radio stations and mainly concerns (i) claims for termination of the agreement due to 
INWIT’s failure to fulfil its maintenance obligations and consequent compensation for damages; (ii) claims 
for compensation for damages in relation to occupation of areas with no legal title by INWIT; and (iii) eviction 
orders for finished leases or delayed payment (intimazione di sfratto per finita locazione o morosità). 
INWIT is also involved in several civil and administrative proceedings of limited amount each, regarding the 
application of local taxes.  
Criminal litigation concerns cases of building violations for the construction of a radio base station in the 
absence of the required administrative permits. 
With regard to these proceedings, the Issuer, in the establishment of a provision for “Risks” (fondo per 
“Rischi”) post-Merger, has taken into account both the risks associated with the individual dispute and the 
reference accounting standards, which prescribe the allocation of liabilities (accantonamento di passività) for 
probable and quantifiable risks. 
On the basis of the assessments made, 7 of the 130 judicial proceedings pending at 30 June 2021 as having a 
“probable” risk of being lost by defense lawyers. In relation to the progress of the aforementioned legal 
proceedings and based on the information available at that date of this Base Prospectus, a total amount of 362 
thousands euros has been allocated to the risk provision. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, INWIT is not involved in tax disputes and/or environmental and health 
sanctioning proceedings (procedimenti sanzionatori) or sanctioning measures (provvedimenti sanzionatori) 
and/or disputes and/or proceedings relating to the violation of the provisions set forth in Italian Legislative 
Decree no. 231/01. The Issuer has initiated a proceeding in front of the Administrative authorities against a 
decision to initiate a procedure for reviewing self-protection acts (provvedimento di avvio del procedimento di 
riesame degli atti in autotutela) and consequent suspension of the activities adopted by a municipal 
Administration, despite the favorable opinion of ARPA, for alleged urban-environmental reasons. The court 
has granted the suspension of the administrative act claimed by INWIT. 
  
Principal Shareholders  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, INWIT’s fully subscribed and paid-up share capital is €600,000,000 
divided into 960,200,000 ordinary shares with no indication of nominal value.

--- Page 100 ---
100 
 
 
INWIT’s shares are listed on the MTA (mercato telematico azionario) division of Borsa Italiana. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the TIM Parties (as defined below) and CTHC hold, respectively, 30.2% 
and 33.173% of INWIT’s share capital, and exercise joint control over INWIT through the Shareholders’ 
Agreement. The remaining share capital is held by the market. 
INWIT is jointly controlled by TIM Parties and CTHC in accordance with article 2359 of the Italian Civil 
Code, pursuant to the Shareholders’ Agreement. The Issuer has adopted the corporate governance measures 
set forth in the applicable legislation and, therefore, it considers to have implemented sufficient measures in 
order to prevent abuses by its controlling shareholders. 
The Shareholders’ Agreement also provides for the commitment of the TIM Parties and CTHC, for the entire 
duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement, not to exercise – jointly or separately – management and 
coordination activity (attività di direzione e coordinamento) on INWIT.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, based on information in INWIT’s shareholders’ register and 
communications received pursuant to article 120 of the Italian Financial Act, as far as INWIT is aware, the 
following entities own, directly or indirectly, interests in excess of 3% of INWIT’s share capital: 
 
Declarant 
Direct shareholder 
Shareholding 
(%) 
TIM 
DAPHNE 3 S.p.A. (Daphne 3) 
30.2% 
VODAFONE GROUP PLC 
Central Tower Holding Company B.V. (CTHC)  
33.173% 
Pursuant to a joint press release dated 25 March 2020 and headed “Merger of Vodafone Italy Towers into 
INWIT completed”, TIM and VOD stated their intention to retain joint control of INWIT and over time will 
consider jointly reducing their respective ownership levels to a minimum of 25.0%. 
On 2 October 2020, TIM and Ardian, a leading global private investment company, finalised a transaction 
which consists of the purchase by a consortium of institutional investors led by Ardian of a 49% stake in 
Daphne 3, a newly established holding company controlled by TIM (the "Holding Company"), to which TIM 
has transferred a 30.2% stake in the share capital of INWIT.  
The Holding Company takes over from TIM – for the stake transferred in INWIT – in the shareholder 
agreement existing between TIM and VOD EU, by virtue of which they jointly control INWIT. 
TIM also reached an agreement with a vehicle managed and advised by Canson Master Company Limited 
whereby of the remaining direct stake held by TIM in INWIT, equating to approximately 3% of its capital, 
1.2% was sold for Euro 109 million to Canson, which also had an option to purchase the remaining 1.8% for 
a price of Euro 161 million. 
On 19 November 2020, VOD EU signed the transfer to CTHC (a corporation under the specific laws of the 
Netherlands, indirectly owned by Vodafone Group Plc, similarly to VOD EU; hence a subsidiary of VOD EU 
pursuant to the definitions set forth under the aforesaid Shareholders’ Agreement) of 318,533,335 INWIT 
ordinary shares, accounting for 33.173%; such transfer was completed on 20 November 2020 (Transaction 
CTHC).

--- Page 101 ---
101 
 
 
On 3 December 2020, Canson exercised the Canson Option and on 4 December 2020, a 1.774% stake in 
INWIT’s capital was transferred from TIM to Canson, hence Canson currently owns approximately 3% of 
INWIT’S share capital.  
 
Brief description of the main shareholders 
Daphne 3  
Daphne 3 is a joint stock company (società per azioni) incorporated under the laws of the Republic of Italy, 
with its registered office at Via Gaetano Negri 1, Milan, registered with the Companies’ Register of Milan 
with company number no. 11349360963 and a share capital of Euro 100,000. Daphne 3 is a newly established 
holding company controlled by TIM (51% stake) to which TIM on 2 October 2020 has transferred a 30.2% 
stake in the share capital of INWIT and is participated in by Ardian, a leading global private investment 
company, for the remaining 49%. Its activities are mainly the assumption, holding, management and disposal 
of equity investments in INWIT.  
TIM S.p.A. 
TIM is a joint-stock company established under Italian law on 29 October 1908, with registered offices in 
Milan at Via Gaetano Negri 1. TIM is the parent company of the TIM Group.  
As at 31 December 2020, the TIM Group was organised by business segment as follows: 
(i) 
Domestic Business Unit: voice and data services on fixed and mobile networks for end customers 
(retail) and other operators (wholesale); includes operations in Italy for voice and data services on 
fixed and mobile networks for end customers (retail) and other operators (wholesale); the operations 
of the Telecom Italia Sparkle group, which, at international level (Europe, the Mediterranean and 
South America), develops fibre-optic networks for wholesale customers; the operations of Olivetti 
(products and services for Information Technology); 
(ii) 
The Brasil Business Unit (TIM Brasil Group): TIM Brasil is a telecommunications company that 
offers mobile voice and data services, broadband internet access, value-added services and other 
telecommunications services and products in the Brazilian market; 
(iii) 
Other Operations: includes financial companies and other minor companies not strictly related to the 
core business of the TIM Group. 
CTHC 
Central Tower Holding Company B.V. is a private limited liability company, established under Dutch law on 
24 April 2020, with its registered offices in Capelle aan den IJssel, the Netherlands, at Rivium Quadrant 175 
(2909 LC), indirectly owned by Vodafone Group Plc, similarly to VOD EU, hence a subsidiary of VOD EU 
pursuant to the definitions set forth under the Shareholders’ Agreement. Central Tower Holding Company 
B.V. holds 33.173% of the shares in Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. 
Central Tower Holding Company B.V. is a direct subsidiary of Vantage Towers AG (listed on the Frankfurt 
Stock Exchange) and is the main holding company of Vantage Towers AG. The shareholdings in the non-
German tower business entities of Vantage Towers AG are held by Central Tower Holding Company B.V.   
VOD EU 
Vodafone Europe B.V. is a private limited liability company, established under Dutch law on 28 December 
1995, with its registered offices in Capelle aan den IJssel, the Netherlands, at Rivium Quadrant 173 (2909 LC).

--- Page 102 ---
102 
 
 
Vodafone Europe B.V. is a wholly owned indirect subsidiary of Vodafone Group plc (listed on the London 
Stock Exchange) and is one of the main holding companies of the Vodafone Group, holding most of the 
European operating companies throughout the entire Vodafone Group. 
Shareholders’ Agreement  
On the Closing Date, TIM and VOD EU signed a shareholders’ agreement concerning the shares of INWIT 
held by TIM and VOD EU post-Merger, which contains provisions relevant to the purposes of article 122, 
paragraphs 1 and 5, letters a), b) and d) of the Italian Financial Act (the Shareholders’ Agreement). 
The Shareholders’ Agreement became effective on the Effective Date and will remain in force until the first 
of: (i) the third anniversary of its execution and (ii) the date on which any of the parties to it no longer holds 
shares of the Issuer.   
The Shareholders’ Agreement is aimed at regulating the relations between TIM and VOD as shareholders of 
the Issuer and provides for a number of provisions relating to, inter alia, the appointment of the Board of 
Directors, the Chief Executive Officer, the Chairman of the Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory 
Auditors and certain aspects of the organizational structure of INWIT.  
The Shareholders’ Agreement also provides for, inter alia, a commitment by TIM and VOD EU, for the entire 
duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement, to not transfer, in whole or in part, the interest held by them in 
INWIT, except for certain permitted transfers, and to not acquire or undertake to acquire for any reason, 
without the prior written consent of the other shareholder party to the Shareholders’ Agreement, shares of 
INWIT, to not discuss or negotiate with third parties the purchase of INWIT shares, without the prior written 
consent of the other shareholder party to the Shareholders’ Agreement, and to refrain from any act or conduct 
that would entail the obligation to make a mandatory tender offer (offerta pubblica di acquisto) for the 
Ordinary Shares. This commitment has been waived pursuant to the Derogation Agreement in order to consent 
to: (i) the subscription of the Loans; and (ii) the transfer of no. 83,333,330 Ordinary Shares from TIM and 
VOD EU, in equal measure, equal to approximately 8.678% of INWIT’s share capital, pursuant to the ABB 
transaction (for further details, see section “Recent Corporate Activity – Accelerated book-building 
transaction” above). The Shareholders’ Agreement also provides for the commitment by TIM and VOD EU 
for the entire duration of the Shareholders’ Agreement (until the Issuer will be jointly controlled by TIM and 
VOD EU) to not invest in other companies operating in the same sector of INWIT.  
On 3 August 2020, TIM, VOD EU and Daphne 3 signed a deed of adherence (Deed of Adherence), pursuant 
to which Daphne 3, for the entire term of the Shareholders’ Agreement, accepted all the provisions of such 
agreement and entirely adhered to it, taking on the pertinent rights and duties as INWIT’s shareholder.  
On 19 November 2020, TIM, VOD EU, Daphne 3 and CTHC signed a deed of adherence (CTHC Deed of 
Adherence) with which CTHC, for the entire term of the Shareholders’ Agreement, accepted all the provisions 
of the Agreement and entirely adhered to it, taking on the relevant rights and duties, as an INWIT shareholder.  
TIM, Daphne 3, CTHC and VOD EU are jointly and severally liable for the fulfilment of all duties deriving 
from the Shareholders’ Agreement. 
Special powers of the Italian Government  
The purchases of shareholdings of the Issuer by foreign entities may be restricted by special powers of the 
Italian Government (the so-called “golden powers”), provided for by Italian Decree Law no. 21 of 15 March 
2012, converted with amendments into Italian Law no. 56 of 11 May 2012 (modified by the Italian Decree 
Law 21 September 2019, no. 105, converted with amendments by Italian Law 18 November 2019, no. 133 
and, most recently, by the Italian Decree Law 8 April 2020, no. 23), which regulates the special powers of the 
Government concerning, inter alia, strategic assets in the communications sector.

--- Page 103 ---
103 
 
 
In particular, article 2 of Decree Law 21/2012 provides that – with reference to companies that hold one or 
more of the above-mentioned assets – the purchases for any reason – by an entity outside the European Union 
– of equity investments of such importance as to determine the permanent settlement of the purchaser by reason 
of the acquisition of the control of the company whose equity investment is the subject of the purchase, 
pursuant to article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and article 93 of the Italian Financial Act, shall be previously 
notified to the Italian Government.  
According to article 15 of the Italian Decree Law no. 23 of 8 April 2020 (so-called “Decreto Liquidità”), inter 
alia, the following transactions are also subject to the above-mentioned prior notice obligations, until 31 
December 2020, in order to counter the epidemiological emergency of COVID-19 and contain its negative 
effects: 
- the purchases for any reason of shareholdings by foreign entities, also established in the European Union, 
of such importance as to determine the purchaser’s permanent establishment (insediamento stabile) by 
reason of the acquisition of control of the company whose shareholding is the subject matter of the 
acquisition, pursuant to article 2359 of the Italian Civil Code and pursuant to the Italian Financial Act;  
- the purchases of shareholdings, by foreign entities which are not established in the European Union, that 
grant a share of the voting rights or of the share capital of at least 10 per cent, taking into account the shares 
or quotas already directly or indirectly held, and the total value of the investment is greater than or equal to 
Euro 1 million; and 
- acquisitions that determine the overcoming of the thresholds of 15 per cent, 20 per cent, 25 per cent and 50 
per cent. 
If such prior notices are made pursuant to article 2 of Italian Decree Law no. 21/2012, as supplemented by 
article 15 of Italian Decree Law no. 23/2020, if such purchases involve a threat of serious prejudice to public 
interests relating to the safety and operation of the networks and plants and to the continuity of supplies, the 
effectiveness of such purchases may be conditional upon the undertaking by the purchaser of commitments to 
ensure the protection of such interests; or the Italian Government may oppose, if such purchases involve 
exceptional risks for the protection of public interests relating to the safety and operation of the networks and 
plants and the continuity of supplies, which cannot be avoided through the assumption by the purchaser of 
commitments to ensure the protection of such interests. The violation of such undertakings, where the fact 
does not constitute a crime, implies specific sanctions. 
Management and Statutory Auditors  
Corporate Governance of INWIT 
In accordance with articles 2380 and following of the Italian Civil Code, INWIT adopts the traditional system 
of administration and control comprising: 
− 
a Board of Directors (consiglio di amministrazione), responsible for the management of INWIT; 
− 
a Board of Statutory Auditors (collegio sindacale), responsible for (i) ensuring compliance with the 
law and with the by-laws, as well as observance of the principles of correct administration in the 
conduct of INWIT’s activities; (ii) ensuring the adequacy of INWIT’s organisational structure and the 
administrative/accounting system, as well as the reliability of the latter in correctly representing the 
management facts (fatti di gestione); (iii) overseeing the financial reporting process, the statutory 
auditing of annual accounts and consolidated accounts, and the independence of the statutory firm 
auditing the accounts; (iv) overseeing the overall adequacy of the risk management and control system; 
(v) verifying the procedures for the implementation of the corporate governance rules set out in the 
Code of Corporate Governance; and (vi) monitoring the adequacy of the instructions given by the 
Issuer to its subsidiaries relating to extraordinary corporate transactions and other significant events,

--- Page 104 ---
104 
 
 
as well as those transactions with related parties (parti correlate) and associated entitites (soggetti 
collegati); 
− 
the Shareholders’ Meeting (assemblea dei soci), in both ordinary and extraordinary sessions, which 
has the power to resolve on, among other things: (i) appointment and dismissal of the members of the 
Board of Directors and the Board of Statutory Auditors, as well as their respective compensations and 
responsibilities; (ii) approval of the financial statements and allocation of earnings; (iii) purchase and 
disposal of INWIT’s own shares (azioni proprie); (iv) shares’ scheme (piani di azionariato); (iv) 
amendments of the by-laws (different from those deriving solely from the adequacy of law provisions); 
and (v) issues of convertible bonds.  
In addition, pursuant to article 11.2 of the Issuer’s By-laws, the following matters are reserved to the 
Shareholders’ Meeting and for adopting decisions on such matters it is required that there is a 
favourable vote of at least 75% of the share capital with voting rights present at the Meeting: 
(a) 
merger and spin-off (save for the merger and demerger resolutions set forth under article 18.2 
of the By-laws that fall within the competence of the Board of Directors, as provided for therein); 
(b) 
transfer of the company’s registered headquarters abroad and transformation; 
(c) 
voluntary dissolution; 
(d) 
increase or reduction of share capital, save for: (i) increases of share capital without limitation 
or exclusion of the option rights authorised in the case of losses in the circumstances referred to 
in Article 2447 of the Italian Civil Code; and (ii) increases of share capital without limitation or 
exclusion of the option right, where the subscription price (including premium) is at least equal 
to the arithmetical average of the closing share prices on the MTA market during the six months 
preceding the notice of meeting called to authorise the capital increase); and that (x) service the 
investments approved by the Board Directors; or (y) are necessary to prevent or remedy the 
breach of covenants contained in loan agreements to which the Company is party, or situations 
of insolvency regarding the Company; or (z) are authorised in the presence of losses in those 
circumstances referred to in Article 2446 of the Italian Civil Code; 
(e) 
other amendments to the By-laws (including amendments to article 11 of the By-laws) except 
for: (i) increases or reductions of share capital referred to in paragraph (d) above excluded from 
the application of the qualified majority provided in  article 11.2 of the By-laws; (ii) resolutions 
falling within the competence of the Board of Directors in accordance with the provisions of 
paragraph 18.2 of the By-laws; it being understood,  for the sake of clarity, that the resolutions 
referred to in paragraph (i) above will be approved with the quorums required by the law; 
(f) 
resolutions authorising major related party transactions (operazioni con parti correlate di 
maggiore rilevanza) pursuant to Article 2364 paragraph 1(5) of the Italian Civil Code. 
INWIT adheres to the Code of Corporate Governance of Listed Companies promoted by Borsa Italiana 
(“Codice di Corporate Governance”, the Code of Corporate Governance, as amended from time to time) 
and adapts its own corporate governance system to the relevant national and international best practices. 
Board of Directors 
Current Board Members  
Article 13 of the By-laws provides that the Issuer shall be administered by a Board consisting of a minimum 
of 10 (ten) to a maximum of 13 (thirteen) members, as decided by the ordinary Shareholders’ Meeting.

--- Page 105 ---
105 
 
 
On 26 July 2019 and, with effect from the Effective Date, all members of INWIT’s Board of Directors resigned 
from their office and, consequently, the INWIT Shareholders’ Meeting of 20 March 2020 appointed – in 
application of the list voting process set out in the By-laws – a new Board of Directors which took office with 
effect from the Effective Date.  
With reference to the members of the Board of Directors in office from the Effective Date, in compliance with 
the provisions of the Framework Agreement and the Shareholders’ Agreement, TIM submitted a list containing 
12 candidates for the office of directors of INWIT, where: 
• 
6 candidates were nominated by TIM, one of whom is independent pursuant to article 148, paragraph 
3, of the Italian Financial Act (as referred to in article 147-ter, paragraph 4, of the Italian Financial 
Act) and the Code of Corporate Governance; and 
• 
6 candidates were nominated by VOD EU, none of whom is independent pursuant to article 148, 
paragraph 3, of the Italian Financial Act (as referred to in article 147-ter, paragraph 4, of the Italian 
Financial Act) and the Code of Corporate Governance. 
This list identifies the candidates as follows: (x) the first candidate on the list was designated by TIM, followed 
by the first candidate designated by VOD EU. This method of appointment was repeated until the sixth 
candidate designated by TIM, followed by the sixth candidate designated by VOD EU; and (y) the candidate 
designated by TIM meeting the independence requirements referred to above was placed in ninth place on the 
mentioned list. 
Ten members were drawn from this list, five of whom were appointed by TIM, one of whom was independent 
pursuant to article 148, paragraph 3, of the Italian Financial Act (as referred to in article 147-ter, paragraph 4, 
of the Italian Financial Act) and the Code of Corporate Governance, and five members were appointed by 
VOD EU. 
The directors, Secondina Giulia Ravera, Laura Cavatorta and Francesco Valsecchi, were instead taken from 
the list filed by a group of asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio) and investors 
holding an overall amount of Ordinary Shares equal to 17,616,529, which approximately corresponded to the 
2.93609% of INWIT’s share capital at the date the list was submitted. 
Based on the proposal submitted by the shareholder TIM, the INWIT Shareholders’ Meeting of 20 March 2020 
also determined the duration of the Board of Directors in three financial years, and therefore until the approval 
of the financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2022. 
On 31 March 2020, the newly elected Board of Directors appointed, inter alia, Emanuele Tournon as Chairman 
of the Board of Directors and Giovanni Ferigo as Chief Executive Officer. 
It should be noted that VOD EU undertook to ensure that one of its five directors thus appointed was replaced 
by a new director, appointed by VOD EU, who meets the requirements of independence pursuant to article 
148, paragraph 3 of the Italian Financial Act (as referred to in article 147-ter, paragraph 4 of the Italian 
Financial Act) and the Code of Corporate Governance, no later than 31 October 2020. In compliance with the 
above, on 23 April 2020 the Board of Directors of INWIT appointed “by co-optation” the independent director 
Angela Maria Cossellu to replace director Barbara Cavaleri, who resigned on 22 April 2020. Angela Cossellu 
was confirmed by the Shareholders’ Meeting held on 28 July 2020. 
On 2 October 2020, the Board of Directors, in substitution of Filomena Passeggio and Carlo Nardello, 
appointed by co-option Rosario Mazza and Giovanna Bellezza, who were confirmed by the Shareholders’ 
Meeting held on 20 April 2021. 
Please note that on 3 August 2020, TIM, VOD EU and Daphne 3 signed a Deed of Adherence and on 
19 November 2020, TIM, VOD EU, Daphne 3 and CTHC signed a Deed of Adherence by which, for the entire

--- Page 106 ---
106 
 
 
term of the Shareholders’ Agreement, Daphne 3 and CTHC accepted all the provisions of the agreement and 
entirely adhered to it, taking on the pertinent rights and duties as INWIT shareholders. 
Consequently, for each meeting of INWIT called to resolve upon the appointment of a new Board of Directors, 
TIM (indirectly through Daphne 3) and CTHC shall jointly submit a common list of at least 12 candidates, 
half of which designated by the CTHC and contain at least one candidate who meets the independence 
requirements set out in Article 148, paragraph 3, and Article 147-ter, paragraph 4, of TUF, and in the Corporate 
Governance Code of Borsa Italiana S.p.A. (the Independence Requirements) to be included in the first ten 
candidates listed in the list, and the remaining half designated by TIM (indirectly through Daphne 3) and 
contain at least one candidate with the Independence Requirements to be included in the first ten candidates 
listed on the list; the candidates so designated will be listed in progressive order and alternatively. 
For further details on the Shareholders’ Agreement, please see the sub-section entitled “Shareholders’ 
Agreement”. 
The directors Secondina Giulia Ravera, Laura Cavatorta and Francesco Valsecchi were instead taken from the 
list filed by a group of asset management companies (società di gestione del risparmio) and investors holding 
an overall amount of Ordinary Shares equal to 17,616,529, which approximately corresponded to the 
2.93609% of INWIT’s share capital at the date the list was submitted. 
Based on the proposal submitted by the shareholder TIM, the INWIT Shareholders’ Meeting of 20 March 2020 
also determined the duration of the Board of Directors in three financial years, and therefore until the approval 
of the financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2022. 
On 31 March 2020, the newly elected Board of Directors, inter alia, appointed Emanuele Tournon as Chairman 
of the Board of Directors and Giovanni Ferigo as Chief Executive Officer. 
The table below sets out the name, office held, date and place of birth and date of appointment for each of the 
current members of INWIT’s Board of Directors: 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of 
birth 
Date of appointment 
Emanuele Tournon 
Chairman  
Turin, 18 March 1960 
20 March 2020 
Giovanni Ferigo 
Chief Executive Officer 
(*) 
Udine, 12 July 1959 
20 March 2020 
Fabrizio Rocchio 
Director  
Ivrea, 9 December 1964 
20 March 2020 
Giovanna Bellezza 
Director 
Crotone, 26 August 
1968 
2 October 2020 
Agostino Nuzzolo 
Director  
Caserta, 12 April 1968 
20 March 2020 
Angela Maria Cossellu 
Director (**) 
Ozieri, 16 August 1963 
23 April 2020 
Sabrina Di Bartolomeo 
Director  
Turin, 16 October 1971 
20 March 2020 
Sonia Hernandez 
Director  
Madrid (Spain), 15 June 
1973 
20 March 2020 
Antonio Corda 
Director  
Padova, 9 April 1973 
20 March 2020 
Rosario Mazza 
Director (**) 
Lamezia Terme, 27 
October 1983 
2 October 2020 
Secondina Giulia 
Ravera 
Director (**) 
Cuneo, 12 May 1966 
20 March 2020

--- Page 107 ---
107 
 
 
Laura Cavatorta 
Director (**) 
Treviso, 1 February 
1964 
20 March 2020 
Francesco Valsecchi 
Director (**) 
Rome, 9 July 1964 
20 March 2020 
 ______________________________  
 (*) Executive Director. 
 (**) Independent Director pursuant to article 148, paragraph 3, of the Italian Financial Act and article 3 of the Code of Corporate Governance. 
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the Board of Directors is domiciled at 
INWIT’s registered office at Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123, Milan, Italy. 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
Emanuele Tournon 
Vodafone LTD 
Director 
Vodafone UK LTD 
Director 
Vodafone Property Inv. 
Director 
Vodafone Group Plc 
 Shareholder no. 776,558 shares 
Cisi S.r.l. 
25% 
Salvera SAS 
33% 
Livella S.r.l. 
45% 
Fabrizio Rocchio 
Vodafone Servizi e Tecnologie S.r.l. Director 
Vodafone Group Plc 
Shareholder no. 153,383 shares 
Agostino Nuzzolo 
FlashCop S.p.A. 
Director 
Daphne 3 S.p.A. 
Director 
TIM Participações S.A. 
Director 
Amici di 4C S.r.l. 
Shareholder with 5% 
Giovanna Bellezza  
TIM Retail  
Director 
Angela 
Maria 
Cossellu 
AON Italia S.r.l. 
Director 
Zurich Insurance Group AG 
Less than 0,01% 
Sabrina Di 
Bartolomeo 
TIM Brasil Serviços e Participações 
S.A. 
Director 
TIM S.A.  
Director 
TIM Participações S.A. 
Director and member of the Control e Risk 
Committee (Comitato Controllo e Rischi) and 
of the ESG Committee 
Neuberger 
Berman 
Renaissance 
Partners 1 
Special Limited Partner 
 
Antonio Corda 
Vodafone Italia S.p.A. 
Director and member of the Supervisory Board 
(Organismo di Vigilanza) 
VEI S.r.l. 
Director and member of the Supervisory Board 
(Organismo di Vigilanza)

--- Page 108 ---
108 
 
 
VND S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
member of the Supervisory Board (Organismo 
di Vigilanza) 
Vodafone Group Plc 
Shareholder no. 86,584 shares 
Secondina 
Giulia 
Ravera 
A2A S.p.A. 
Director 
Member of the Control and Risk Committee 
(Comitato per il Controllo e i Rischi) 
Chairman 
of 
the 
Compensation 
and 
Appointments Committee (Comitato per la 
Remunerazione e le Nomine) 
 
Reply S.p.A. 
Director 
Member of the Control and Risk Committee 
(Comitato per il Controllo e i Rischi) 
Member 
of 
the 
Compensation 
and 
Appointments Committee (Comitato per la 
Remunerazione e le Nomine) 
 Pio Albergo Trivulzio 
Chairman of the Strategy Board 
(Presidente del Consiglio di indirizzo) 
Destination Italia S.p.A. 
Operating Chairman (Presidente Operativo) 
Shareholder with 67.5% 
Rosario Mazza 
Sea S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Ardian Italy S.r.l. 
Director 
 
2i Aeroporti S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Genesi 1 S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Hisi S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Nuova Argo Finanziaria S.p.A. 
Director 
 
Laura Cavatorta 
Snam S.p.A. 
Director 
Chairman of the ESG Committee (Comitato 
ESG) 
Member of the Appointments Committee 
(Comitato nomine) 
Francesco Valsecchi 
Anima Holding S.p.A. 
Director 
GN Research S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors

--- Page 109 ---
109 
 
 
Teleperformance Italia – In & Out 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Ferrari S.p.A. 
Less than 0,01% (no. 585 shares) 
Leonardo S.p.A. 
Less than 0,01% (no. 1000 shares) 
Banca Popolare di Sondrio 
Less than 0,01% (no. 6,636 shares) 
Sanlorenzo S.p.A. 
Less than 0,01% (no. 800 shares) 
Stellantis ORD 
Less than 0,01% (no. 300 shares) 
FAURECIA ORD 
Less than 0,01% (no. 5 shares) 
Principal activities of the Directors outside INWIT  
The table above shows the principal activities of the members of the Board of Directors currently performed 
outside INWIT and companies whereby they are currently holders of equity investments. 
 
Conflict of interests  
Save for what is provided for below, as far as INWIT is aware, there are no potential conflicts of interest 
between any duties towards INWIT of the members of the Board of Directors of INWIT and their private 
interests and/or other duties outside INWIT.  
It should be noted that Director Agostino Nuzzolo is also General Counsel (Responsabile Affari Legali) and 
Secretary of the Board of Directors of TIM, Director Giovanna Bellezza is also Chief of Industrial Relations 
(Responsabile Relazioni Industriali) of TIM, Director Sabrina di Bartolomeo is also Head of Group Control 
(Responsabile Controllo di Gruppo) of TIM, the Chairman of the Board of Directors Emanuele Tournon is 
also Chief Financial Officer (Direttore Finanziario) of Vodafone UK, Director Antonio Corda is also Head of 
Legal Affairs (Direttore Affari Legali) of VOD, Director Fabrizio Rocchio is also Head of Technology 
(Direttore Technologia) of VOD and Director Sonia Hernandez is Chief Commercial Officer (Direttore 
Commerciale) of Vantage Towers. 
It should also be noted that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Emanuele Tournon and Directors Antonio Corda and Fabrizio Rocchio are shareholders of Vodafone Group 
Plc with a non-significant stake.  
 Related party transactions 
The transactions with related parties (the Related Party Transactions) are identified on the basis of the criteria 
defined in IAS 24 – “Related Party Disclosures” (Informativa di bilancio sulle operazioni con parti correlate).  
The Related Parties Procedure, to be followed in connection with Related Party Transactions (“Procedura 
per la disciplina delle Operazioni con Parti Correlate”), has been adopted by the Issuer on 18 May 2015 and 
amended as follows: on 11 December 2018,  on 5 March 2020, on 23 April 2020 and on 10 December 2020. 
Finally, the Related Parties Procedure has been updated, with the approval of the Committee for Transactions 
with Related Parties, by resolution of the Board of Directors of 13 May 2021 with effect from 1 July 2021. 
The Related Parties Procedure complies with the principles set forth, inter alia, in the CONSOB regulation 
adopted with resolution no. 17221 of 12 March 2010, as subsequently amended (Related Parties’ 
Transactions Regulation) and in CONSOB communication no. DEM/10078683 of 24 September 2010. The 
Related Parties Procedure regulates the assessment process preparatory for the approval of the Related Party 
Transactions, so as to ensure their correctness, from a substantial point of view (in terms of compliance of the 
conditions agreed with the market conditions, but also in terms of procedural correctness and interest of the

--- Page 110 ---
110 
 
 
company to the conclusion of the transaction) as well as from a procedural point of view, and the correct 
disclosure to the market.  
The Board of Statutory Auditors has from time to time assessed the compliance with the principles set out in 
the Related Parties’ Transactions Regulation and its subsequent amendments. 
In general, the Issuer believes that the conditions envisaged and effectively applied with respect to relations 
with “Related Parties” (as defined in the Related Parties Procedure) are in line with normal market conditions. 
Although transactions with “Related Parties” are carried out under normal market conditions, there is no 
assurance that, had they been concluded between (or with) third parties, these parties would have negotiated 
and executed the relevant agreements, or would have executed the transactions itself, under the same 
conditions and in the same manner adopted by the Issuer. 
Board of Statutory Auditors  
Pursuant to article 22 of the By-laws of the Issuer, the Board of Statutory Auditors is made up of three standing 
auditors (sindaci effettivi) and two alternate auditors (sindaci supplenti).  
The current Board of Statutory Auditors – as at the date of this Base Prospectus – will remain in place until 
the approval of the financial statements for the year ending on 31 December 2020. 
The table below sets out the name, office held, date and place of birth and date of appointment for each of the 
current members of INWIT’s Board of Statutory Auditors: 
Current Members of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of birth 
Date of appointment 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Chairman 
Milan, 6 December 1965 
20 April 2021 
Maria Teresa 
Bianchi 
Standing Auditor 
Rome, 2 June 1969 
20 April 2021 
Giuliano Foglia 
Standing Auditor 
Rome, 3 April 1968 
20 April 2021 
 
 
 
 
Michela Zeme 
Alternate Auditor 
Mede (PV), 2 January 1969 
20 April 2021 
Roberto Cassader 
Alternate Auditor 
Milan, 16 September 1965 
20 April 2021 
 
 
 
 
 ____________  
For the purposes of the above-mentioned positions, each member of the Board of Statutory Auditors is domiciled at 
INWIT’s registered office at Via Gaetano Negri 1, 20123, Milan, Italy. 
Conflict of interests  
As far as INWIT is aware, there are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties towards INWIT of 
the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors of INWIT and their private interests and/or other duties outside 
INWIT.

--- Page 111 ---
111 
 
 
Principal activities of the Statutory Auditors outside INWIT  
The table below shows the principal activities of the members of the Board of Statutory Auditors currently 
performed outside INWIT and companies whereby they are currently holders of equity investments: 
 
 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
Stefano Sarubbi 
Coca-Cola Italia S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Acque Minerali S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Destination Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Bruno Viappiani S.p.A. 
Sole Statutory Auditor (Sindaco Unico) 
Sibil S.r.l. 
Sole Statutory Auditor  
Viappiani Printing S.r.l. 
Sole Statutory Auditor  
Mattel Italy S.r.l. 
Sole Statutory Auditor  
Scuola Europea di Oncologia (no 
profit entity) 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
 
Shiseido Italy S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors  
Centomilacandele S.c.p.a. 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Bruker Italia S.r.l. unipersonale 
Member of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Mediobanca S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Technogym S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Simagest S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Delegated Director 
Simagest HRP S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors and 
Delegated Director 
Manifatture Sigaro Toscano 
S.p.A. 
Member of the Board of Directors 
Sigmagest S.p.A. 
Shareholder with 50%  
Sigmagest 
Financial 
Business 
Advisors S.r.l. 
35%, of which 31.75% is held through Sigmagest 
S.p.A. 
Sigmagest 
Human 
Resources 
& 
Payroll S.r.l. 
33.50% through Sigmagest S.p.A. 
Sigmagest Real Estate S.r.l. 
Shareholder with 50%  
Maria Teresa 
Bianchi 
Banca Finnat Euramerica S.p.A.  
Director  
Rev Gestione Crediti S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Directors  
Tim Ventures S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Noovle S.r.l.  
Standing Auditor

--- Page 112 ---
112 
 
 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
BF Agro-industriale S.r.l.  
Standing Auditor 
Milling Hub S.r.l.  
Standing Auditor 
AGRONICA GROUP S.r.l.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Novasim in liquidazione S.P.A.  
Standing Auditor 
Erba del Persico  
Sole Statutory Auditor  
SGR S.p.A. in A.S.  
Chairman of the Supervisory Committee 
Banca 
del 
Credito 
Cooperativo 
Romagna Centro e Macerane in L.c.a  
Chairman of the Supervisory Committee  
Giuliano Foglia 
Alfasigma S.p.A.  
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Probiofuture S.p.A.  
Standing Auditor 
VND S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Servizio Italia S.p.A. 
Director 
Bristol-Myers Squibb S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Biosint S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Endemol Shine Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Axepta S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Civiera S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Directors 
Vodafone Italia S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Michela Zeme 
Equita Group S.p.A. 
Director 
Equita Capital SGR S.p.A. 
Director 
Aeffe S.p.A. 
Director 
Neprix S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Neprix Agency S.r.l. 
Standing Auditor  
Masi Agricola S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Nuo S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor 
Saxa Gres S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Milano Sesto S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor  
Avio S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor  
Yada Energia S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Ludovico Martelli S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor  
Prelios S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Orbital Cultura S.r.l.  
Alternate Auditor 
Silent Gliss Italia S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor  
Mifin S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Risanamento S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor

--- Page 113 ---
113 
 
 
Name 
Company 
Office/Stake held 
Nordcom S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Medit S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor  
Elite S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Illimity Bank S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor  
Kyma Inv. Partner SGR 
Alternate Auditor  
Bending Spoons S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor 
Roberto Cassader Isagro S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
F2I TLC 1 S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
F2I TLC 2 S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Linea Ambiente S.r.l. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Varese Risorse S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Servizi Italia S.p.A. 
Chairman of the Board of Statutory Auditors 
Fata Logistic System S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
EI Towers S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
Compagnia 
Fiduciaria 
Nazionale 
S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
Webuild S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
MM S.p.A. 
Standing Auditor (Sindaco effettivo) 
Avio S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
ENAV S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Sisal S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Sisal Group S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Otsukal Pharmaceutical Italy S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Cemital Privital Aureliana S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Agusta Westland S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
LD Reti S.r.l. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Icarus Società consortile per Azioni in 
liquidazione 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
Iona S.p.A. 
Alternate Auditor (Sindaco supplente) 
 
Managers with strategic responsibilities 
The table below sets out the names, office held, dates and places of birth of the managers of INWIT who have 
been identified as managers with strategic responsibilities (“dirigenti con responsabilità strategiche”) pursuant 
to article 65, paragraph 1-quater of CONSOB Regulation no. 11971/1999 (as amended):

--- Page 114 ---
114 
 
 
Name 
Office 
Date and place of 
birth 
Address 
Diego Galli 
Chief Financial Officer and Executive in 
Charge of Preparing the Corporate 
Accounting Documents (Dirigente 
preposto alla redazione dei documenti 
contabili societari) 
Rome, 21 July 1966 Via Antagora 15, 
Rome 
Massimo Giuseppe 
Scapini 
Head of Technology (Responsabile 
Tecnologia, Governance e MSA) 
Milan, 7 April 1964 domiciled at 
INWIT’s registered 
office 
Gabriele Abbagnara Head of Marketing & Sales (Responsabile 
della funzione commerciale) 
Reggio Calabria, 24 
July1964 
Via Salaria 53, 
Rome 
Elisa Patrizi 
Head of Operations & Maintenance 
(Responsabile della funzione di 
implementazione e manutenzione) 
Rome, 27 February 
1971 
 
Via Acqualandroni 
13, Rome 
 
INWIT’s managers with strategic responsibilities, in accordance with article 65, paragraph 1-quater of 
CONSOB Regulation no. 11971/1999 (as amended), are persons having authority and responsibility for 
planning, directing and controlling the activities of the entity, directly or indirectly. 
It should be noted that, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, manager with strategic responsibilities Diego 
Galli is a shareholder of Vodafone Group Plc with a non-significant stake.  
Independent Auditors 
The company appointed to audit the Issuer’s accounts for the financial years 2015 – 2023 and for the limited 
audit of the half-year condensed individual financial statements for the six-month periods at 30 June for the 
financial years 2015 – 2023, is PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., with its registered and administrative office 
in Milan, Via Monte Rosa no. 91, enrolled at no. 43 of the Special Register of Independent Auditors (Albo 
speciale delle società di revisione) held by the Minister of Economy and Finance under article 161 of the 
Italian Financial Act and in the Register of Independent Auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) under 
registration no. 119644, associated with Assirevi, the Italian Association of Independent Auditors, enrolled in 
the Register of legal entities of the Préfecture (Prefettura) of Milan under no. 1261. 
During the period to which the financial information included in this Base Prospectus refers, there were no 
findings or refusals of certification by the Independent Auditors with regard to the Issuer’s audited financial 
statements.

--- Page 115 ---
115 
 
 
TAXATION 
The statements herein regarding taxation are based on the laws in force as at the date of this Base Prospectus 
and are subject to any changes in law occurring after such date, which changes could be made on a retroactive 
basis. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the tax considerations 
which may be relevant to a decision to subscribe for, purchase, own or dispose of the Notes and does not 
purport to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of which (such as 
dealers in securities or commodities) may be subject to special rules. 
Prospective purchasers of the Notes are advised to consult their own tax advisers concerning the overall tax 
consequences of their ownership of the Notes. 
Taxation in the Republic of Italy 
Tax treatment of the Notes qualifying as bonds or debentures similar to bonds 
Legislative Decree No. 239 of 1 April 1996, as subsequently amended, (Decree 239) provides for the 
applicable regime with respect to the tax treatment of interest, premium and other income (including the 
difference between the redemption amount and the issue price) from Notes falling within the category of bonds 
(obbligazioni) or debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni), issued, inter alia, by Italian 
companies with shares traded on a regulated market or multilateral trading facility of a EU or EEA country 
included in the White List (as defined below). 
For this purpose, bonds and debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value and which do not 
grant the holder any direct or indirect right of participation to (or of control of) the management of the issuer.  
Italian resident Noteholders 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which 
the Notes are connected, (ii) a non-commercial partnership (with the exception of general partnership, limited 
partnership and similar entities), (iii) a non-commercial private or public institution or (iv) an investor exempt 
from Italian corporate income taxation (unless the Noteholders under (i), (ii) or (iii) above opted for the 
application of the risparmio gestito regime – see “Capital gains tax” below), interest, premium and other 
income relating to the Notes, accrued during the relevant holding period, are subject to a substitute tax, referred 
to as “imposta sostitutiva”, levied at the rate of 26 per cent. In the event that the Noteholders described under 
(i) and (iii) above are engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected, the imposta 
sostitutiva applies as a provisional tax.  
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not acting in connection with an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social 
security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 
February 1996 may be exempt from any income taxation, including the imposta sostitutiva, on interest, 
premium and other income relating to the Notes if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings 
account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time 
applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a company or similar commercial entity, or a permanent establishment 
in Italy of a foreign company to which the Notes are effectively connected, and the Notes are deposited with 
an authorised intermediary, interest, premium and other income from the Notes will not be subject to imposta 
sostitutiva, but must be included in the relevant Noteholder’s income tax return and are therefore subject to 
general Italian corporate taxation (and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, 
also to the regional tax on productive activities (IRAP)).

--- Page 116 ---
116 
 
 
Under the current regime provided by Law Decree No. 351 of 25 September 2001 converted into law with 
amendments by Law No. 410 of 23 November 2001 (Decree 351), and Article 9, par. 1, Legislative Decree 
No. 44 of 4 March 2014, payments of interest, premiums or other proceeds in respect of the Notes deposited 
with an authorised intermediary made to Italian resident real estate investment funds established pursuant to 
Article 37 of Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998 (the Financial Services Act) or pursuant to 
Article 14-bis of Law No. 86 of 25 January 1994, and Italian real estate investment companies with fixed 
capital (the Real Estate SICAFs and, together with the Italian resident real estate investment funds, the Real 
Estate Funds) are subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Real 
Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in 
certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending on the 
status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to taxation in 
the hands of the unitholder or shareholder regardless of distribution.  
If the investor is resident in Italy and is an open-ended or closed-ended investment fund, a SICAF (an 
investment company with fixed capital other than a Real Estate SICAF) or a SICAV (an investment company 
with variable capital) established in Italy (together, the Fund) and either (i) the Fund or (ii) its manager is 
subject to the supervision of a regulatory authority and the relevant Notes are held by an authorised 
intermediary, interest, premium and other income accrued during the holding period on such Notes will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, nor to any other income tax in the hands of the Fund, but subsequent distributions 
made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 
26 per cent. (the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax).  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is a pension fund (subject to the regime provided for by Article 17 of 
Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) and the Notes are deposited with an authorised intermediary, 
interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes and accrued during the holding period will not be 
subject to imposta sostitutiva, but must be included in the result of the relevant portfolio accrued at the end of 
the tax period to be subject to a 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject to certain conditions (including minimum 
holding period requirement) and limitations, interest, premium and other income relating to the Notes may be 
excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a long-term 
individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from 
time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Pursuant to Decree 239, imposta sostitutiva is applied by banks, Italian investment companies (società di 
intermediazione mobiliare) (SIMs), fiduciary companies, Italian asset management companies (società di 
gestione del risparmio) (SGRs), stockbrokers and other entities identified by a decree of the Ministry of 
Finance (each an Intermediary). 
An Intermediary must (a) be (i)  resident in Italy or (ii) be a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian 
resident financial intermediary or (iii) an entity or company not resident in Italy, acting through a system of 
centralised administration of notes and directly connected with the Department of Revenue of the Italian 
Ministry of Finance having appointed an Italian representative for the purposes of Decree 239;  and (b) 
intervene, in any way, in the collection of interest or in the transfer of the Notes. For the purpose of the 
application of the imposta sostitutiva, a transfer of Notes includes any assignment or other act, either with or 
without consideration, which results in a change of the ownership of the relevant Notes or in a change of the 
Intermediary with which the Notes are deposited. 
Where the Notes are not deposited with an Intermediary, the imposta sostitutiva is applied and withheld by 
any entity paying interest to a Noteholder (or by the Issuer should the interest be paid directly by this latter). 
If interest, premium and other income on the Notes are not collected through an Intermediary or any entity 
paying interest and as such no imposta sostitutiva is levied, the Italian resident beneficial owners listed above 
will be required to include interest, premium and other income in their yearly income tax return and subject 
them to a final substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent..

--- Page 117 ---
117 
 
 
Non-Italian resident Noteholders 
Where the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident without a permanent establishment in Italy to which the Notes 
are connected, an exemption from the imposta sostitutiva applies, provided that the non-Italian resident 
beneficial owner is either: (i) resident, for tax purposes, in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange 
of information with Italy as listed in Ministerial Decree of 4 September 1996, as amended by Ministerial 
Decree of 23 March 2017  and possibly further amended according to Article 11(4)(c) of Decree 239 (as 
amended by Legislative Decree No. 147 of 14 September 2015) (the White List); or (ii) an international body 
or entity set up in accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy; or (iii) a 
Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State; or (iv) an 
institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White List, even if it does not possess 
the status of taxpayer therein.  
The imposta sostitutiva will be applicable at the rate of 26 per cent. (or at the reduced rate provided for by the 
applicable double tax treaty, if any) to interest, premium and other income paid to Noteholders who are 
resident, for tax purposes, in countries which do not allow for a satisfactory exchange of information with 
Italy.  
In order to ensure gross payment, non-Italian resident Noteholders must be the beneficial owners of the 
payments of interest, premium or other income and (i) deposit, directly or indirectly, the Notes with a resident 
bank or SIM or a permanent establishment in Italy of a non-Italian resident bank or SIM or with a non-Italian 
resident entity or company participating in a centralised securities management system which is in contact, via 
computer, with the Ministry of Economy and Finance and (ii) file with the relevant depository, prior to or 
concurrently with the deposit of the Notes, a statement of the relevant Noteholder, which remains valid until 
withdrawn or revoked, in which the Noteholder declares to be eligible to benefit from the applicable exemption 
from imposta sostitutiva. Such statement, which is not requested for international bodies or entities set up in 
accordance with international agreements which have entered into force in Italy nor in case of foreign Central 
Banks or entities which manage, inter alia, the official reserves of a foreign State, must comply with the 
requirements set forth by Ministerial Decree of 12 December 2001, as subsequently amended. 
Additional statements may be required for non-Italian resident Noteholders who are institutional investors. 
Failure of a non-Italian resident holder of the Notes to comply in due time with the procedures set forth in 
Decree 239 and in the relevant implementing rules will result in the application of imposta sostitutiva on 
interests payments to such no- resident holder of the Notes. 
Non-Italian resident holders of the Notes who are subject to imposta sostitutiva may, nevertheless, be eligible 
for a total or partial relief under an applicable tax treaty between the Republic of Italy and the country of tax 
residence of the relevant holder of the Notes, provided all conditions for its application are met. 
Atypical securities 
Interest payments relating to Notes that are not deemed to fall within the category of bonds (obbligazioni) or 
debentures similar to bonds (titoli similari alle obbligazioni) may be subject to a withholding tax, levied at the 
rate of 26 per cent. For this purpose, debentures similar to bonds are securities that incorporate an unconditional 
obligation to pay, at maturity or redemption, an amount not lower than their nominal value with or without the 
payment of period interest and do not give any right to directly or indirectly participate in the management of 
the issuer or to the business in connection to which the securities were issued, nor to control the same. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity or social security entities pursuant to Legislative Decree 
No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 1996 may be exempt from Italian 
withholding tax on proceeds received under Notes classifying as atypical securities, if the Notes are included

--- Page 118 ---
118 
 
 
in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Where the Noteholder is (a) an Italian individual engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are 
connected; (b) an Italian company or a similar Italian commercial entity; (c) a permanent establishment in Italy 
of a foreign entity to which the Notes are connected; (d) an Italian commercial partnership; or (e) an Italian 
commercial private or public institution, such withholding tax is a provisional withholding tax. In all other 
cases, including when the Noteholder is a non-Italian resident, the withholding tax is a final withholding tax. 
For non-Italian resident Noteholders, the withholding tax rate may be reduced by any applicable tax treaty. 
Capital gains tax 
Any gain obtained from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be treated as part of the taxable income 
(and, in certain circumstances, depending on the “status” of the Noteholder, also as part of the net value of the 
production for IRAP purposes) if realised by an Italian company or a similar commercial entity (including the 
Italian permanent establishment of foreign entities to which the Notes are connected) or Italian resident 
individuals engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected.  
Where an Italian resident Noteholder is (i) an individual holding the Notes not in connection with an 
entrepreneurial activity, (ii) a non-commercial partnership or (iii) a non-commercial private or public 
institution, any capital gain realised by such Noteholder from the sale or redemption of the Notes would be 
subject to an imposta sostitutiva, levied at the current rate of 26 per cent. Noteholders may set off losses with 
gains. 
Subject to certain limitations and requirements (including a minimum holding period), Italian resident 
individuals not engaged in an entrepreneurial activity to which the Notes are connected or social security 
entities pursuant to Legislative Decree No. 509 of 30 June 1994 and Legislative Decree No. 103 of 10 February 
1996 may be exempt from Italian capital gain taxes, including the imposta sostitutiva, on capital gains realised 
upon sale or redemption of the Notes, if the Notes are included in a long-term individual savings account 
(piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as 
set forth under Italian law.   
In respect of the application of imposta sostitutiva, taxpayers may choose one of the three regimes described 
below.  
Under the tax declaration regime (regime della dichiarazione), which is the default regime for Noteholders 
under (i) to (iii) above, the imposta sostitutiva on capital gains will be chargeable, on a cumulative basis, on 
all capital gains, net of any incurred capital loss, realised by the investor in connection with an entrepreneurial 
activity pursuant to all sales or redemptions of the Notes carried out during any given tax year. The relevant 
Noteholder must indicate the overall capital gains realised in any tax year, net of any relevant incurred capital 
loss, in the annual tax return and pay imposta sostitutiva on such gains together with any balance of income 
tax due for such year. Capital losses in excess of capital gains may be carried forward against capital gains 
realised in any of the four succeeding tax years. As an alternative to the tax declaration regime, Italian resident 
Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above may elect to pay the imposta sostitutiva separately on capital gains realised 
on each sale or redemption of the Notes (the “risparmio amministrato” regime). Such separate taxation of 
capital gains is allowed subject to (i) the Notes being deposited with Italian banks, SIMs or certain authorised 
financial intermediaries (including permanent establishments in Italy of foreign intermediaries) and (ii) an 
express election for the risparmio amministrato regime being timely made in writing by the relevant 
Noteholder. The depository is responsible for accounting for imposta sostitutiva in respect of capital gains 
realised on each sale or redemption of the Notes (as well as in respect of capital gains realised upon the 
revocation of its mandate), net of any incurred capital loss, and is required to pay the relevant amount to the 
Italian tax authorities on behalf of the taxpayer, deducting a corresponding amount from the proceeds to be 
credited to the Noteholder or using funds provided by the Noteholder for this purpose. Under the risparmio 
amministrato regime, where a sale or redemption of the Notes results in a capital loss, such loss may be

--- Page 119 ---
119 
 
 
deducted from capital gains subsequently realised, within the same securities management, in the same tax 
year or in the following tax years up to the fourth. Under the risparmio amministrato regime, the Noteholder 
is not required to declare the capital gains in the annual tax return.  
Any capital gains realised by Italian resident Noteholders under (i) to (iii) above who have entrusted the 
management of their financial assets, including the Notes, to an authorised intermediary and have opted for 
the so called “risparmio gestito” regime will be included in the computation of the annual increase in value of 
the managed assets accrued, even if not realised, at year end, subject to a substitute tax at a rate of 26 per cent., 
to be paid by the managing authorised intermediary. Under the risparmio gestito regime, any depreciation of 
the managed assets accrued at year end may be carried forward against increase in value of the managed assets 
accrued in any of the four succeeding tax years. Under the risparmio gestito regime, the Noteholder is not 
required to declare the capital gains realised in the annual tax return. Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder 
who is a Real Estate Fund will be subject neither to imposta sostitutiva nor to any other income tax at the level 
of the Real Estate Fund, but subsequent distributions made in favour of unitholders or shareholders will be 
subject, in certain circumstances, to a withholding tax of 26 per cent.; subject to certain conditions, depending 
on the status of the investor and percentage of participation, income of the Real Estate Fund is subject to 
taxation in the hands of the unitholder or the shareholder regardless of distribution. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder which is a Fund will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva. Such 
result will not be taxed with the Fund, but subsequent distributions in favour of unitholders of shareholders 
may be subject to the Collective Investment Fund Withholding Tax. 
Any capital gains realised by a Noteholder who is an Italian pension fund (subject to the regime provided for 
by article 17 of the Legislative Decree No. 252 of 5 December 2005) will be included in the result of the 
relevant portfolio accrued at the end of the tax period, to be subject to the 20 per cent. substitute tax. Subject 
to certain conditions (including minimum holding period requirement) and limitations, capital gains on the 
Notes may be excluded from the taxable base of the 20 per cent. substitute tax if the Notes are included in a 
long-term individual savings account (piano individuale di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the 
requirements from time to time applicable as set forth under Italian law. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders, not having a permanent establishment in Italy to 
which the Notes are connected, from the sale or redemption of Notes traded on regulated markets (and, in 
certain circumstances, subject to filing if required documentation) are neither subject to the imposta sostitutiva 
nor to any other Italian income tax. 
Capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale or redemption of Notes not traded on 
regulated markets are not subject to the imposta sostitutiva, provided that the effective beneficiary: (i) is 
resident in a country which allows for a satisfactory exchange of information with Italy, as listed in the White 
List; or (ii) is an international entity or body set up in accordance with international agreements which have 
entered into force in Italy; or (iii) is a Central Bank or an entity which manages, inter alia, the official reserves 
of a foreign State; or (iv) is an institutional investor which is established in a country included in the White 
List even if it does not possess the status of taxpayer therein. 
If none of the conditions above is met, capital gains realised by non-Italian resident Noteholders from the sale 
or redemption of Notes not traded on regulated markets are subject to the imposta sostitutiva at the current rate 
of 26 per cent. unless a reduced rate is provided for by an applicable double tax treaty, if any.  
In any event, non-Italian resident individuals or entities without a permanent establishment in Italy to which 
the Notes are connected that may benefit from a double taxation treaty with Italy providing that capital gains 
realised upon the sale or redemption of Notes are to be taxed only in the country of tax residence of the 
recipient, will not be subject to imposta sostitutiva in Italy on any capital gains realised upon the sale or 
redemption of the Notes.

--- Page 120 ---
120 
 
 
Inheritance and gift taxes 
Pursuant to Law Decree No. 262 of 3 October 2006, converted into Law No. 286 of 24 November 2006, as 
subsequently amended, the transfers of any valuable asset (including shares, notes or other securities) as a 
result of death or donation are taxed as follows:  
(a) 
transfers in favour of spouses and direct descendants or direct ancestors are subject to an inheritance 
and gift tax applied at a rate of 4 per cent. on the value of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for 
each beneficiary, €1,000,000;  
(b) 
transfers in favour of relatives to the fourth degree or relatives-in-law to the third degree are subject 
to an inheritance and gift tax at a rate of 6 per cent. on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
Transfers in favour of brothers/sisters are subject to the 6 per cent. inheritance and gift tax on the value 
of the inheritance or the gift exceeding, for each beneficiary, €100,000; and  
(c) 
any other transfer is, in principle, subject to an inheritance and gift tax applied at a rate of 8 per cent. 
on the entire value of the inheritance or the gift. 
If the transfer is made in favour of persons with severe disabilities, the tax is levied at the rate mentioned above 
in (a), (b) and (c) on the value exceeding, for each beneficiary, €1,500,000. Under certain conditions the mortis 
causa transfer of financial instruments included in a long-term individual savings account (piano individuale 
di risparmio a lungo termine) that meets the requirements from time to time applicable as set forth by Italian 
law are exempt from inheritance taxes. 
Transfer tax 
Following the repeal of the Italian transfer tax, contracts relating to the transfer of securities are subject to the 
following registration tax: (i) public deeds and notarised deeds are subject to fixed registration tax at a rate of 
€200.00; and (ii) private deeds are subject to registration tax only in “case of use” (caso d’uso) or upon 
occurrence of an explicit reference (enunciazione) or voluntary registration. 
Stamp duty 
Pursuant to Article 19(1) of Decree No. 201 of 6 December 2011 (Decree 201), a proportional stamp duty 
applies on an annual basis to the periodic reporting communications sent by financial intermediaries to their 
clients for the Notes deposited in Italy. The stamp duty applies at a rate of 0.20 per cent. and cannot exceed 
€14,000 for taxpayers other than individuals. This stamp duty is determined on the basis of the market value 
or – if no market value figure is available – the nominal value or redemption amount or in the case the nominal 
or redemption values cannot be determined, on the purchase value of the Notes held.  
Based on the wording of the law and the implementing decree issued by the Italian Ministry of Economy on 
24 May 2012, the stamp duty applies to any investor who is a client (as defined in the regulations issued by 
the Bank of Italy) of an entity that exercises in any form a banking, financial or insurance activity within the 
Italian territory.   
Wealth Tax on securities deposited abroad 
Pursuant to Article 19(18 and 18-bis) of Decree 201, Italian resident individuals, Italian non-commercial 
private or public institutions or Italian non-commercial partnerships, holding the Notes outside the Italian 
territory are required to pay an additional tax at a rate of 0.20 per cent (IVAFE). For taxpayers other than 
individuals, IVAFE cannot exceed Euro 14,000 per year. 
This tax is calculated on the market value of the Notes at the end of the relevant year or – if no market value 
figure is available – the nominal value or the redemption value or in the case the nominal or redemption values

--- Page 121 ---
121 
 
 
cannot be determined, on the purchase value of such financial assets held outside the Italian territory. 
Taxpayers are entitled to an Italian tax credit equivalent to the amount of wealth taxes paid in the State where 
the financial assets are held (up to an amount equal to the Italian wealth tax due). 
Luxembourg taxation 
The following information is of a general nature only and is based on the laws presently in force in 
Luxembourg, though it is not intended to be, nor should it be constructed to be, legal or tax advice. Prospective 
investors in the Notes should therefore consult their own professional advisors as to the effect of state, local 
or foreign laws, including Luxembourg tax law, to which they may be subject.  
Please be aware that the residence concept used under the respective headings below applies for Luxembourg 
income tax assessment purposes only. Any reference in the present section to a tax, duty, levy, impost or other 
charge or withholding tax or a tax of a similar nature, or to any other concepts, refers to Luxembourg tax law 
and/or concepts only. Also, please note that a reference to Luxembourg income tax encompasses corporate 
income tax (impôt sur le revenu des collectivités), municipal business tax (impôt commercial communal), a 
solidarity surcharge (contribution au fonds pour l’emploi) as well as personal income tax (impôt sur le revenu) 
generally. Investors may further be subject to net wealth tax (impôt sur la fortune) as well as other duties, 
levies or taxes. Corporate income tax, municipal business tax as well as the solidarity surcharge invariably 
apply to most corporate taxpayers resident in Luxembourg for tax purposes. Individual taxpayers are generally 
subject to personal income tax and the solidarity surcharge. Under certain circumstances, where an individual 
taxpayer acts in the course of the management of a professional or business undertaking, municipal business 
tax may apply as well.  
Withholding tax  
(i) 
Non-resident Noteholders  
Under Luxembourg tax law currently in effect and subject to the exception below, there is no Luxembourg 
withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest (including accrued but unpaid interest) in 
respect of Notes, nor is any Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of the Notes. 
(ii) 
Resident Noteholders  
Under Luxembourg general tax laws currently in force and subject to the law of 23 December 2005, as 
amended (the Law), there is no withholding tax on payments of principal, premium or interest made to 
Luxembourg resident Noteholders, nor on accrued but unpaid interest in respect of Notes, nor is any 
Luxembourg withholding tax payable upon redemption or repurchase of Notes held by Luxembourg resident 
Noteholders. 
In accordance with the Law, payments of interest or similar income made or ascribed by a paying agent 
established in Luxembourg to an individual beneficial owner who is a resident of Luxembourg will be subject 
to a 20 per cent. withholding tax. Such withholding tax will be in full discharge of income tax if the beneficial 
owner is an individual acting in the course of the management of his/her private wealth. Responsibility for 
withholding such tax will be assumed by the Luxembourg paying agent. Payment of interest under the Notes 
coming within the scope of the Law will be subject to a withholding tax at a rate of 20%.  
Income Taxation  
(i) 
Luxembourg tax residency of the Noteholders 
Noteholders will not be deemed to be resident, domiciled or carrying on business in Luxembourg solely by 
reason of the holding, execution, performance, delivery, exchange and/or enforcement of the Notes.

--- Page 122 ---
122 
 
 
(ii) 
Taxation of Luxembourg non-residents  
Noteholders who are non-residents of Luxembourg and who do not have a permanent establishment, a 
permanent representative or a fixed base of business in Luxembourg to which the Notes are attributable are 
not liable to pay any Luxembourg income tax, whether they receive payments of principal, payments of interest 
(including accrued but unpaid interest), payments received upon the redemption, repurchase of the Notes, or 
realise capital gains on the sale of any Notes.  
Non-resident corporate Noteholders or individual Noteholders acting in the course of the management of a 
professional or business undertaking, who have a permanent establishment or permanent representative in 
Luxembourg to which or to whom such Notes are attributable, are subject to Luxembourg income tax on 
interest accrued or received, redemption premiums or issue discounts, under the Notes and on any gains 
realised upon the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the Notes. 
(iii) 
Taxation of Luxembourg residents  
Noteholders who are residents of Luxembourg will not be liable for any Luxembourg income tax on repayment 
of principal. 
(a) 
Luxembourg resident individuals  
Luxembourg resident individuals, acting in the course of the management of their private wealth, are subject 
to Luxembourg income tax at progressive rates in respect of interest received, redemption premiums or issue 
discounts, under the Notes, unless the interest has been subject (i) to withholding tax (see “Withholding tax” 
above) or (ii) to the self applied tax, if applicable. Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders acting in the 
framework of the management of their private wealth, can opt to self-declare and pay a 20 per cent. tax on 
interest payments made or ascribed by paying agents located in an EU Member State other than Luxembourg, 
or a Member State of the EEA other than an EU Member State.  
The withholding tax or self-applied tax are the final tax liability for the Luxembourg individual resident 
taxpayers receiving the interest payment in the framework of their private wealth management. Luxembourg 
resident individual Noteholders receiving interest as business income must include interest income in their 
taxable basis. If applicable, the 20 per cent. Luxembourg withholding tax levied will be credited against their 
final income tax liability.  
Luxembourg resident individual Noteholders are not subject to taxation on capital gains upon the disposal of 
the Notes, unless the disposal of the Notes precedes the acquisition of the Notes or the Notes are disposed of 
within six months of the date of their acquisition. Upon the sale, redemption or exchange of the Notes, accrued 
but unpaid interest will be subject to the 20 per cent. withholding tax or the self-applied tax, if applicable. 
Individual Luxembourg resident Noteholders receiving the interest as business income must include the 
portion of the price corresponding to this interest in their taxable income. If applicable, the 20 per cent. 
Luxembourg withholding tax levied in accordance with the Law will be credited against their final income tax 
liability.  
(b) 
Luxembourg resident companies  
Luxembourg resident corporate Noteholders must include any interest accrued or received, any redemption 
premium or issue discount, as well as any gain realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, of the 
Notes, in its taxable income for Luxembourg income tax assessment purposes.  
A corporate Noteholder that is governed by the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, 
as amended, or by the law of 17 December 2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended, or by 
the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised investment funds, as amended, or by the law of 23 July 2016 on 
reserved alternative investment funds (provided it is not foreseen in the incorporation documents that (i) the

--- Page 123 ---
123 
 
 
exclusive object is the investment in risk capital and that (ii) Article 48 of the aforementioned law of 23 July 
2016 applies) is neither subject to Luxembourg income tax in respect of interest accrued or received, any 
redemption premium or issue discount, nor on gains realised on the sale or disposal, in any form whatsoever, 
of the Notes.  
Net wealth taxation  
A corporate Noteholder, whether it is resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes or, if not, it maintains a 
permanent establishment or a permanent representative in Luxembourg to which/whom such Notes are 
attributable, is subject to Luxembourg wealth tax on such Notes, except if the Noteholder is governed by (i) 
the law of 11 May 2007 on family estate management companies, as amended, or (ii) the law of 17 December 
2010 on undertakings for collective investment, as amended or (iii) the law of 13 February 2007 on specialised 
investment funds, as amended, or (iv) the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, or (v) the law 
of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or (vi) the law of 23 July 2016 on reserved alternative 
investment funds2.  
An individual Noteholder, whether he/she is resident of Luxembourg or not, is not subject to Luxembourg 
wealth tax on such Notes. 
Other taxes  
There is no Luxembourg registration tax, stamp duty or any other similar tax or duty payable in Luxembourg 
by Noteholders as a consequence of the issuance of the Notes, nor will any of these taxes be payable as a 
consequence of a subsequent transfer, repurchase or redemption of the Notes, unless the documents relating to 
the Notes are voluntarily registered in Luxembourg or appended to a document that requires obligatory 
registration in Luxembourg.  
There is no Luxembourg value added tax payable in respect of payments in consideration for the issuance of 
the Notes or in respect of the payment of interest or principal under the Notes or of the transfer of the Notes. 
Luxembourg value added tax may, however, be payable in respect of fees charged for certain services rendered 
to the Issuer, if for Luxembourg value added tax purposes such services are rendered or are deemed to be 
rendered in Luxembourg and an exemption from Luxembourg value added tax does not apply with respect to 
such services.  
No gift, estate or inheritance taxes are levied on the transfer of the Notes upon death of a Noteholder in cases 
where the deceased was not a resident of Luxembourg for inheritance tax purposes, or in the case of a gift, the 
gift is neither recorded in a Luxembourg notarial deed nor registered in Luxembourg. 
Where a Noteholder is a resident of Luxembourg for tax purposes at the time of his/her death, the Notes 
are included in his/her taxable estate of inheritance for tax assessment purposes. 
The proposed European financial transactions tax (FTT) 
The European Commission has published a proposal for a Directive for a common FTT in Belgium, Germany, 
Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, Slovenia and Slovakia. In December 2015, Estonia 
withdrew from the group of states willing to introduce the FTT (the Participating Member States). 
                                                     
2 Please however note that securitisation companies governed by the law of 22 March 2004 on securitisation, as amended, 
or capital companies governed by the law of 15 June 2004 on venture capital vehicles, as amended, or reserved alternative 
investment funds governed by the law of 23 July 2016 and which fall under the special tax regime set out under article 
48 thereof may, under certain conditions, be subject to minimum net wealth tax.

--- Page 124 ---
124 
 
 
The proposed FTT has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. Primary market transactions referred to in 
Article 5(c) of Regulation (EC) No 1287/2006 are exempt.  
Under the current proposals, the FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and outside 
of the Participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a Participating Member State. A 
financial institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range 
of circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State; or 
(b) where the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
However, the FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the Participating Member States and the 
scope of any such tax is uncertain. Additional EU Member States may decide to participate. Prospective 
holders of the Notes are advised to seek their own professional advice in relation to the FTT. 
U.S. Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a 
foreign financial institution (as defined by FATCA) may be required to withhold on certain payments it 
makes (foreign passthru payments) to persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting or related 
requirements. The Issuer may be a foreign financial institution for these purposes. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Italy) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the 
United States to implement FATCA (IGAs), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their 
jurisdictions. Under the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA 
jurisdiction would generally not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. 
Certain aspects of the application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, 
including whether withholding would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments 
on instruments such as Notes, are uncertain and may be subject to change. On 13 December 2018, the U.S. 
Treasury and the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) issued proposed regulations under FATCA, deferring 
withholding on foreign passthru payments. Under these proposed regulations, even if withholding would be 
required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as Notes, such 
withholding would not apply prior to the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. Further, Notes issued on or prior to the 
date that is six months after the date on which final regulations defining foreign passthru payments are 
published generally would be grandfathered for purposes of FATCA withholding, unless materially modified 
after such date and/or characterised as equity for U.S. tax purposes. However, if additional Notes (as described 
under "Terms and Conditions of the Notes – Further Issues") that are not distinguishable from previously 
issued Notes are issued after the expiration of the grandfathering period and are subject to withholding under 
FATCA, then withholding agents may treat all such Notes, including those Notes offered prior to the expiration 
of the grandfathering period, as subject to withholding under FATCA. Holders should consult their own tax 
advisers regarding how these rules may apply to their investment in Notes. In the event any withholding would 
be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required 
to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding.

--- Page 125 ---
125 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
The Dealers have, in a programme agreement (such programme agreement as modified and/or supplemented 
and/or restated from time to time, the Programme Agreement) dated 20 October 2021, agreed with the Issuer 
a basis upon which they or any of them may from time to time agree to purchase Notes.  Any such agreement 
will extend to those matters stated under “Form of the Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Notes”.  In 
the Programme Agreement, the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Dealers for certain of their expenses in 
connection with the establishment and any future update of the Programme and the issue of Notes under the 
Programme and to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities incurred by them in connection therewith. 
SELLING RESTRICTIONS 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any state 
or other jurisdiction of the United States and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from or not subject to, the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act and in accordance with all applicable securities laws of any 
state of the United States and any other jurisdiction. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S under the Securities Act.  
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. Treasury 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the Code) and Treasury regulations promulgated thereunder. The applicable Final Terms 
will identify whether United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor provision in 
substantially similar form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA C Rules) 
or United States Treasury Regulation § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor provision in substantially similar 
form that are applicable for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the TEFRA D Rules) apply or whether 
TEFRA is not applicable. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it will not offer, sell or deliver any Notes (i) as part of their distribution at 
any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution, as determined and certified by 
the relevant Dealer, or in the case of an issue of Notes on a syndicated basis, the relevant Arranger, of all Notes 
of the Series of which such Notes are a part (the Resale Restriction Termination Date), within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that it will have sent to each dealer to which 
it sells any Notes prior to the Resale Restriction Termination Date a confirmation or other notice setting forth 
the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, 
U.S. persons. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation S under the 
Securities Act.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of any Series of Notes, an offer or sale of 
such Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act if such offer or sale is made otherwise than in accordance 
with an available exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base

--- Page 126 ---
126 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the European Economic 
Area or in the United Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision, 
(a)
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended,
MiFID II); or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution
Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus
Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell 
or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(a)
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following:
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or
(iii)
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Prospectus Regulation); and
(b)
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide
to purchase or subscribe for the Notes.
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a)
in relation to any Notes which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose ordinary
activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent)
for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes
other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or

--- Page 127 ---
127 
 
 
disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or who it is 
reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a 
contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Issuer; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an authorised 
person, apply to the Issuer; and 
(c) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Republic of Italy  
The offering of the Notes has not been registered pursuant to Italian securities legislation and, accordingly, no 
Notes may be offered, sold or delivered, nor may copies of this Base Prospectus or of any other document 
relating to the Notes be distributed in the Republic of Italy, except:  
(i) 
to qualified investors (investitori qualificati), as defined pursuant to Article 2 of the Prospectus 
Regulation and any applicable provision of Italian laws and regulations; or 
(ii) 
in other circumstances which are exempted from the rules on public offerings pursuant to Article 1 of 
the Prospectus Regulation, Article 34-ter of CONSOB Regulation No. 11971 of 14 May 1999, as 
amended from time to time, and the applicable Italian laws. 
  
Any offer, sale or delivery of the Notes or distribution of copies of this Base Prospectus or any other document 
relating to the Notes in the Republic of Italy under (i) or (ii) above must: 
  
(a) 
be made by an investment firm, bank or financial intermediary permitted to conduct such activities in 
the Republic of Italy in accordance with the Legislative Decree No. 58 of 24 February 1998, as 
amended (the Financial Services Act), CONSOB Regulation No. 20307 of 15 February 2018 (as 
amended from time to time) and Legislative Decree No. 385 of 1 September 1993, as amended (the 
Banking Act); and 
(b) 
comply with any other applicable laws and regulations or requirement imposed by CONSOB, the Bank 
of Italy (including the reporting requirements, where applicable, pursuant to Article 129 of the Banking 
Act and the implementing guidelines of the Bank of Italy, as amended from time to time) and/or any 
other Italian authority. 
Japan 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange Act of Japan 
(Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not offer or sell any 
Notes, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of Japan (as defined under Item 
5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), 
or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, a resident of 
Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, and otherwise in compliance 
with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial guidelines of Japan.

--- Page 128 ---
128 
 
 
France 
Each of the Dealers has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree, that it undertakes to comply with applicable French laws and regulations 
in force regarding the offer, the placement or the sale of the Notes and the distribution in France of the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material relating to the Notes. 
Belgium  
Other than in respect of Notes for which “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” is specified as “Not 
Applicable” in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Notes may not be 
advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of the 
Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Notes, 
and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information circular, 
brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Notes, directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
General 
Each Dealer has agreed and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree that 
it will (to the best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in 
force in any jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or possesses or distributes this 
Base Prospectus and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale 
or delivery by it of Notes under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any of the other Dealers 
shall have any responsibility therefor. 
 
None of the Issuer and the Dealers represents that Notes may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with 
any applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available 
thereunder, or assumes any responsibility for facilitating such sale.

--- Page 129 ---
129 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The update of the Programme and the issue of Notes have been duly authorised by a resolution of the Board 
of Directors of the Issuer dated 4 February 2021. 
Listing and Admission to Trading of Notes 
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Notes issued under the Programme to be 
admitted to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market and to be listed on the Official 
List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange’s regulated market is a regulated 
market for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU).   
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection in hard copy from the registered office of the Issuer and from 
the specified office of the Paying Agent for the time being in Luxembourg and from the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.inwit.it/en/investors/capitalstructuredebt/euro-medium-term-note-programme: 
(a) 
the By-laws (statuto) of the Issuer; 
(b) 
the auditors’ report and audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2019 of the Issuer; 
(c) 
the auditors’ report and audited annual financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 
2020 of the Issuer; 
(d) 
the audited half-year report at 30 June 2021 of the Issuer;  
(e) 
the Agency Agreement, the Deed of Covenant and the forms of the Global Notes, the Notes in 
definitive form the Coupons and the Talons; 
(f) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus; and 
(g) 
any future offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements and Final Terms to 
this Base Prospectus and any other documents incorporated herein or therein by reference. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (which are the 
entities in charge of keeping the records).  The appropriate Common Code and ISIN for each Tranche of Notes 
allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  If the 
Notes are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate information will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is Euroclear Bank SA/NV, 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels. The 
address of Clearstream, Luxembourg is Clearstream Banking, 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg.   
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Notes, an indication of the yield in respect of such Notes will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Notes on the basis of

--- Page 130 ---
130 
 
 
the relevant Issue Price. The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as at the Issue Date of 
the Notes and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Notes to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each 
relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Recent Corporate Activity - Transaction aimed at consolidating 
towers of VOD and towers of INWIT” on pages 96 to 98 of this Base Prospectus, there has been no significant 
change in the financial performance or position of the Issuer since 30 June 2021 and there has been no material 
adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2020. 
Litigation 
Save as disclosed in the section headed “Description of the Issuer – Legal proceedings and arbitration” on 
page 99 of this Base Prospectus, the Issuer neither is nor has been involved in any governmental, legal or 
arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer 
is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date of this document which may have or have in such period had a 
significant effect on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
Independent Auditors 
The company appointed to audit the Issuer’s accounts for the financial years 2015 – 2023 and for the limited 
audit of the half-year condensed individual financial statements for the six-month periods at 30 June for the 
financial years 2015 – 2023, is PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A., with its registered and administrative office 
in Milan, Via Monte Rosa no. 91, enrolled at no. 43 of the Special Register of Independent Auditors (Albo 
speciale delle società di revisione) held by the Minister of Economy and Finance under article 161 of the 
Italian Financial Act and in the Register of Independent Auditors (Registro dei revisori legali) under 
registration no. 119644, associated with Assirevi, the Italian Association of Independent Auditors, enrolled in 
the Register of legal entities of the Préfecture (Prefettura) of Milan under no. 1261. 
The Independent Auditors have audited the Issuer’s accounts, without qualification, in accordance with IFRS, 
for each of the two financial years ended on 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 and for the six months 
ended on 30 June 2021.   
Dealers Transacting with the Issuer 
Certain Dealers and/or their affiliates (including parent companies) may have engaged in various general 
financing and banking transactions with, and provided financial advisory and investment banking services to 
the Issuer and/or its affiliates and in each main INWIT’s shareholders in the past and may do so again in the 
future.  
Moreover, part of the proceeds derived from issuances of Notes under the Programme might be used to repay 
previous loans granted to the Issuer by some of the Dealers and/or their affiliates. 
In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold 
a broad array of investments and actively trade bank loans and debt and equity securities (or related derivative 
securities) and financial instruments for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such 
investments and securities activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer, of its affiliates or 
of each main INWIT’s shareholders. 
Certain of the Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their 
credit exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such Dealers 
and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the

--- Page 131 ---
131 
 
 
purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Notes 
issued under the Programme.  
Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. 
The Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment recommendations and/or publish or express 
independent research views in respect of such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend 
to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. For the purposes of 
this paragraph the term “affiliates” includes also the relevant parent companies of the Dealers.

--- Page 132 ---
132 
 
 
 
ISSUER 
Infrastrutture Wireless Italiane S.p.A. 
Via G. Negri, 1 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Citibank Europe PLC 
1 North Wall Quay 
Dublin 1 
Ireland 
LEGAL ADVISERS 
 
To the Issuer as to English and Italian law 
 
Orrick, Herrington & Sutcliffe (Europe) LLP 
Corso Matteotti, 10 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
To the Dealers as to English and Italian law 
Allen & Overy – Studio Legale Associato 
Corso Vittorio Emanuele II, 284  
Via Ansperto, 5 
00186 Rome 
20123 Milan 
Italy 
Italy 
AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers S.p.A. 
Via Monte Rosa, 9 
20149 Milan

--- Page 133 ---
133 
 
 
 
DEALERS 
BNP Paribas 
 
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario 
S.p.A. 
16, boulevard des Italiens 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia, 1 
75009 Paris 
20121 Milan 
France 
Italy 
 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Banque Internationale à Luxembourg S.A. 
69 route d’Esch 
L-2953 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg