--- Page 1 ---
ING Groenbank N.V. 
(Incorporated in the Netherlands with its statutory seat in Amsterdam) 
Base Prospectus for the issuance of Medium Term Notes  
in relation to the Issuer’s  
€25,000,000,000 
Global Issuance Programme  
 
Under the Global Issuance Programme (the “Programme”), ING Groenbank N.V. (the “Issuer”, which expression shall include any Substituted Debtor (as 
defined in Condition 15 of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes)) may from time to time issue notes (the “Notes”, as more fully defined herein) as described in this 
base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”). 
This Base Prospectus should be read and construed in conjunction with the ING Bank Registration Document (as defined herein). 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the Financial Markets (the “AFM”) in its capacity as competent authority under
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended (the “Prospectus Regulation”), on 3 November 2023 in respect of the issue by the Issuer of PR Notes (as defined below). 
The AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus 
Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base 
Prospectus and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The Issuer has requested the AFM to notify the competent authority in Luxembourg, providing it with a certificate of approval attesting that the Base Prospectus 
has been drawn up in accordance with the Prospectus Regulation (a “Notification”). The Issuer may from time to time request the AFM to provide to competent 
authorities of other member states of the European Economic Area (“EEA”) further Notifications concerning the approval of the Base Prospectus.  
Notes to be issued under the Programme during the period of twelve months from the date of this Base Prospectus, which are: 
(a) offered to the public in the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, whether or not such Notes 
are listed and admitted to trading on any market; or 
(b) (i) admitted to trading on Euronext in Amsterdam, a regulated market of Euronext Amsterdam N.V. (“Euronext Amsterdam”); (ii) admitted to the official 
list of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Official List”); (iii) admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (the “Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange”); (iv) admitted to trading on another regulated market within the EEA or (v) admitted to trading on an unregulated market as defined under Directive 
2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council on markets in financial instruments, as amended from time to time (“MiFID II”), are hereinafter referred 
to as “PR Notes”. PR Notes may be issued in any denomination as agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) (as defined herein), and any PR Notes which 
have a denomination of less than €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) are referred to hereinafter as “Non-Exempt PR Notes” and any PR Notes which 
have a denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of the Notes) are referred to hereinafter as “Exempt PR Notes”.
The Issuer may also issue unlisted Notes and/or Notes not admitted to trading on any regulated market within the EEA and, where such Notes are, in addition, 
issued with a minimum denomination of at least €100,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency at the date of issue of the Notes) or otherwise fall within an exemption 
from the requirement to publish a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation, such Notes are hereinafter referred to as “Exempt Notes”.  
The Issuer may from time to time issue PR Notes (which may be Non-Exempt PR Notes or Exempt PR Notes) and Exempt Notes. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” of this Base Prospectus. 
The Notes can be of a speculative nature and an investment in the Notes involves certain risks. Prospective investors should have regard to the risks 
described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus, which, together with the section entitled “Risk Factors” included in the ING Bank 
Registration Document, contains all material risks currently known to the Issuer. There may be other (material) risks which are currently not known to the Issuer.
Prior to any decision to invest in the Notes, prospective investors should have regard to the risks described under the section entitled “Risk Factors” in this Base 
Prospectus and should seek independent professional advice. 
Tranches of Notes to be issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes issued under the Programme is to be rated, such 
rating will not necessarily be the same as the relevant rating assigned to the Notes already issued. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, the applicable rating(s) will be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies (the “CRA Regulation”) will be disclosed in the 
relevant Final Terms. A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time 
by the assigning rating agency. 
This Base Prospectus is valid for 12 months after the date of its approval in relation to PR Notes. The obligation by the Issuer to supplement the Base 
Prospectus in the event of significant new factors, material mistakes or material inaccuracies does not apply when the Base Prospectus is no longer valid.  
Any decision to purchase the Notes should be made on a consideration of the Base Prospectus as a whole and including the relevant Final Terms. 
Arranger 
ING 
BASE PROSPECTUS 
Dated 3 November 2023

--- Page 2 ---
2 
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
Section 
Page 
TABLE OF CONTENTS ........................................................................................................................... 2 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................................................................... 3 
RISK FACTORS ........................................................................................................................................ 7 
IMPORTANT NOTICES ......................................................................................................................... 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE ............................................................................ 26 
DESCRIPTION OF ING GROENBANK N.V. ........................................................................................ 28 
NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE PROGRAMME .................................................................................... 31 
FORM OF THE NOTES .......................................................................................................................... 32 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES ..................................................................................... 35 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES ......................................................................................... 56 
USE OF PROCEEDS ............................................................................................................................... 76 
TAXATION .............................................................................................................................................. 79 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ................................................................................................................. 84 
GENERAL INFORMATION ................................................................................................................... 90 
REGISTERED OFFICES......................................................................................................................... 95

--- Page 3 ---
3 
OVERVIEW OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview is qualified in its entirety by the more detailed information contained elsewhere in the 
Base Prospectus. Capitalised terms used herein and not otherwise defined have the respective meanings given 
to them in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” (the “Conditions”). 
Issuer: 
ING Groenbank N.V. 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) Number 
of the Issuer: 
549300BV62M7SZOIN394  
Programme: 
Global Issuance Programme. 
 
Under this €25,000,000,000 Global Issuance Programme, the 
Issuer may from time to time issue Notes. These Notes may or 
may not be listed on a stock exchange. 
 
The applicable terms of any Notes will be determined by the 
Issuer and, with respect to issues of Notes for which one or more 
Dealers are appointed, the relevant Dealer(s) prior to the issue of 
the Notes. Such terms will be set out in the Conditions endorsed 
on, or incorporated by reference into, the Notes, as modified and 
supplemented by the applicable Final Terms attached to, or 
endorsed on, or applicable to, such Notes, as more fully 
described in the “Terms and Conditions of the Notes” section of 
this Base Prospectus. 
Size: 
Up to €25,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies 
calculated as described herein) aggregate nominal amount of 
Notes outstanding at any time. The Issuer may increase the 
amount of the Programme. 
Arranger: 
ING Bank N.V. 
Dealers: 
ING Bank N.V. has been appointed as Dealer under the 
Programme. One or more other Dealers may be appointed under 
the Programme in respect of issues of Notes in the future 
pursuant to the Programme Agreement (as defined in 
“Subscription and Sale”). The Issuer may also issue Notes 
directly to purchasers thereof. 
Ratings: 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or 
unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. Where a Tranche of 
Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as any 
ratings assigned to ING Bank N.V. and/or the Issuer, the 
Programme or any Notes already issued. A credit rating is not a 
recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
Distribution: 
The Issuer may from time to time issue PR Notes (which may be 
Non-Exempt PR Notes or Exempt PR Notes) and Exempt Notes. 
Notes may be issued directly by the Issuer or through one or 
more Dealers on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The

--- Page 4 ---
4 
method of distribution of each Tranche will be stated in the 
applicable Final Terms. 
ING Bank N.V. shall act as Calculation Agent in respect of the 
Notes unless another entity is so specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  
Regulatory Matters: 
Each issue of Notes denominated in a currency in respect of 
which particular laws, guidelines, regulations, restrictions or 
reporting requirements apply will only be issued in 
circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to 
time (see “Subscription and Sale”). 
Selling and Transfer Restrictions: 
There are selling and transfer restrictions in relation to issues of 
Notes as described in “Subscription and Sale” below.  
Issuing and Principal Paying Agent for 
issues of Notes: 
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any 
currency agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if 
any). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be determined by the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer (if any), subject to such minimum or maximum 
maturity as may be allowed or required from time to time by the 
relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified 
Currency. Save as provided above, the Notes are not subject to 
any maximum maturity.  
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their nominal amount or at a discount or 
premium to their nominal amount. 
Form of Notes: 
The Notes will be issued in bearer form. The forms of the Notes 
are described in further detail in “Form of the Notes”.  
Initial Delivery of Notes: 
On or before the issue date for each Tranche of Notes, if the 
relevant global Note is an NGN, the global Note will be delivered 
to a Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. On or before the issue date for each Tranche of 
Notes, if the relevant global Note is not an NGN, the global Note 
may (or, in the case of Notes listed on the market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated 
markets issued by the European Commission, shall) be deposited 
with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. Global Notes relating to Notes that are not listed 
on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange may also be deposited with 
any other clearing system or may be delivered outside any 
clearing system.  
Denomination of Notes: 
Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be 
determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any) and as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms, save that the minimum

--- Page 5 ---
5 
denomination of each Note will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
regulatory authority) or any laws or regulations applicable to the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Notes with a maturity of less than one 
year: 
Notes having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute 
deposits for the purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits 
contained in section 19 of the Financial Services and Markets 
Act 2000, unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its 
equivalent. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
Taxation; no gross-up:  
This Base Prospectus includes general summaries of certain tax 
considerations relating to an investment in the Notes. See the 
“Taxation” section of this Base Prospectus. Such summary may 
not apply to a particular holder of Notes or to a particular issue 
and does not cover all possible tax considerations. In addition, 
the tax treatment may change before the maturity, exercise or 
termination date of Notes. Any potential investor should consult 
its own tax adviser for more information about the tax 
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes in its 
particular circumstances.  
The Notes will not contain any provision that would oblige the 
Issuer to gross-up any amounts payable in respect of interest or 
principal in the event of any withholding or deduction for or on 
account of taxes levied in any jurisdiction. The Issuer may also 
elect to redeem Notes if they would be required, on the occasion 
of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, to withhold or 
account for tax in respect of the Notes.  
Cross-default of Notes:  
No cross-default provision. 
Negative Pledge: 
No negative pledge provision. 
Status of the Notes issued by the 
Issuer: 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
Notes issued by the Issuer will be unsecured and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Issuer and will rank pari passu among 
themselves and equally with all other unsecured and 
unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer from time to time 
outstanding, save as otherwise provided by law. 
Bail-In: 
Reference is made to the section entitled “Risk Factors” in the 
ING Bank Registration Document, including without limitation 
under the headings “Risk Factors - Risks related to the regulation 
and supervision of the Group - The Issuer is subject to several 
bank recovery and resolution regimes that include statutory 
write down and conversion as well as other powers, which 
remains subject to significant uncertainties as to scope and 
impact on it” and “Description of ING Bank N.V - Regulation 
and Supervision - Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive”.

--- Page 6 ---
6 
Listing: 
Notes may be: (i) admitted to trading on Euronext Amsterdam; 
(ii) admitted to the Official List; (iii) admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange; (iv) admitted to trading on 
another regulated market as defined under MiFID II; (v) 
admitted to trading on an unregulated market as defined under 
MiFID II; or (vi) unlisted and not admitted to trading on any 
market. 
Governing Law: 
The applicable Final Terms and the Notes issued by the Issuer 
will be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws 
of the Netherlands. 
Fixed Rate Notes: 
The Notes will be issued as Fixed Rate Notes. Such Notes will 
generally bear interest at a fixed Rate of Interest, which remains 
constant during the life of the Notes.

--- Page 7 ---
7 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
Prospective Holders of the Notes, which are the subject of the Base Prospectus and the relevant Final 
Terms, should consider the following risk factors, which are specific to the Notes and which are material for 
making an informed investment decision and should make such decision only on the basis of the Base Prospectus 
as a whole, including the relevant Final Terms. 
Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set out elsewhere in the Base Prospectus 
and should consult with their own professional advisers (including their financial, accounting, legal and tax 
advisers) and reach their own views prior to making any investment decision. 
The Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice or an investment 
recommendation to purchase the Notes. The Issuer, including its branches and any group company, is acting 
solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty and not as a purchaser’s financial adviser or 
fiduciary in any transaction, unless the Issuer has agreed to do so in writing. If a prospective investor does not 
have experience in financial, business and investment matters sufficient to permit it to make such a 
determination, the investor should consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding to make an investment on 
the suitability of the Notes. Investors risk losing their entire investment or part of it. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully 
consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, 
objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a 
fit, proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the 
beneficiary). In particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and 
regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult 
its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes 
can be used as underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its 
purchase or pledge of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
Although the most material risk factors have been presented first within each category, the order in 
which the remaining risk factors are presented is not necessarily an indication of the likelihood of the risks 
actually materialising, of the potential significance of the risks or of the scope of any potential negative impact 
to the Issuer’s business, results, financial condition and prospects. The Issuer may face a number of these risks 
described below simultaneously and some risks described below may be interdependent. While the risk factors 
below have been divided into categories, some risk factors could belong in more than one category and 
prospective investors should carefully consider all of the risk factors set out in this section. Where a risk factor 
could belong in more than one category, such risk factor is included in the category that is most appropriate 
for it. 
Each prospective investor in Notes should refer to the section headed “Risk Factors” in the ING Bank 
Registration Document for a description of those factors which could affect the financial performance of ING 
Bank N.V. and its subsidiaries (including the Issuer) and thereby affect the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations 
in respect of Notes issued under the Programme. 
 
RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE NOTES 
1. Risks related to the nature of a particular issue of Notes

--- Page 8 ---
8 
The Notes may be subject to mandatory write-down or conversion to equity, or other actions or measures, 
which may adversely affect the value of the relevant Notes or result in investors in the relevant Notes 
losing all or some of their investment 
As more fully described in the sections entitled “Risk Factors - Risks related to the regulation and 
supervision of the Group - The Issuer is subject to several bank recovery and resolution regimes that include 
statutory write down and conversion as well as other powers, which remains subject to significant uncertainties 
as to scope and impact on it” and “Description of ING Bank N.V. - Regulation and Supervision - Bank Recovery 
and Resolution Directive” in the ING Bank Registration Document, Notes issued under the Programme may 
become subject to actions that can be taken or measures that can be applied by resolution authorities if ING 
Bank N.V. experiences serious financial problems or if the stability of the financial system is in serious and 
immediate danger as a result of the situation of ING Bank N.V. 
In certain circumstances, competent authorities have the power to (whether at the point of non-viability 
when the resolution authority determines that ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer)  will no longer be viable, 
or as taken together with a resolution action), inter alia, (i) convert relevant capital instruments or eligible 
liabilities or bail-inable liabilities into claims which may give right to shares or other instruments of ownership 
and/or (ii) reduce or write down the principal amount of relevant capital instruments or eligible liabilities, 
including accrued but unpaid interest in respect thereof, (which could include certain securities that have been 
or will be issued by ING Bank N.V. (including the issuer), such as the Notes), whether in whole or in part and 
whether on a permanent basis or subject to write-up by the resolution authority. In case of a reduction or write 
down on a permanent basis, any such reduced or written-down amount shall be irrevocably lost and investors 
will have no further claims in respect of any such reduced or written down principal amount and/or accrued but 
unpaid interest. In addition, in certain circumstances, competent authorities also have the power to transfer 
liabilities of an entity to third parties, a bridge bank or an asset management vehicle, and to expropriate 
securities issued by ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer). If ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer) were to 
become subject to resolution, holders of Notes could also be affected by issuer substitution or replacement, 
transfer of debt, expropriation, modification of terms and/or suspension or termination of listings. Other powers 
of the competent authorities may be to amend the maturity date and/or any interest payment date of debt 
instruments or other bail-inable liabilities of ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer), such as the Notes, including 
by suspending payment for a temporary period, or to amend the interest amount payable under such instruments. 
Noteholders may have only very limited rights to challenge and/or seek a suspension of any decision of the 
relevant resolution authority to exercise its (pre-)resolution powers or to have that decision reviewed by a 
judicial or administrative process or otherwise. None of these actions would be expected to constitute an Event 
of Default under those instruments or other eligible or bail-inable liabilities entitling holders of such instruments 
(including holders of Notes) to seek repayment. The application of actions, measures or powers as meant in this 
section may adversely affect the value of the relevant Notes or result in an investor in the relevant Notes losing 
all or some of his investment. Each prospective investor in Notes should refer to the sections entitled “Risk 
Factors - Risks related to the regulation and supervision of the Group - The Issuer is subject to several bank 
recovery and resolution regimes that include statutory write down and conversion as well as other powers, 
which remains subject to significant uncertainties as to scope and impact on it” and “Description of ING Bank 
N.V. - Regulation and Supervision - Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive” in the ING Bank Registration 
Document.  
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer are likely to have a lower trading price than Notes 
which are not subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
The Final Terms of any issue of Notes may specify that such Notes are subject to redemption at the 
option of the Issuer. An optional redemption feature of Notes is likely to limit their trading price. During any 
period when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the trading price of those Notes generally will not rise

--- Page 9 ---
9 
substantially above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption 
period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate 
on the Notes. If the Notes are redeemed at the option of the Issuer, an investor generally would not be able to 
reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being 
redeemed and may only be able to do so at a significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider 
reinvestment risk in light of other investments available at that time. 
2. Risks related to the liquidity and value of the securities 
An active secondary market in respect of the Notes may never be established or may be illiquid and such 
illiquidity would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell its Notes 
Application may be made for the Notes to be listed on a stock exchange. Even if application is made to 
list Notes on a stock exchange, there can be no assurance that a secondary market for any of the Notes will 
develop, or, if a secondary market does develop, that it will provide the holders of the Notes with liquidity or 
that it will continue for the life of the Notes. A decrease in the liquidity of an issue of Notes may cause, in turn, 
an increase in the volatility associated with the price of such issue of Notes. Any investor in the Notes must be 
prepared to hold such Notes for an indefinite period of time or until redemption of the Notes. If any person 
begins making a market for the Notes, it is under no obligation to continue to do so and may stop making a 
market at any time. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the trading price of Notes. 
Credit ratings assigned to ING Bank N.V., the Issuer or any Notes may not reflect all the risks associated 
with an investment in those Notes 
The ING Bank N.V. has a senior debt rating from S&P, Moody’s and Fitch, details of which are contained 
in the ING Bank Registration Document. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. In addition, one or more 
independent credit rating agencies may assign additional credit ratings to the Notes or the Issuer. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to ING Bank N.V., 
the Issuer, the Programme or any Notes already issued. 
The ratings may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to structure, market, additional factors 
discussed in this Base Prospectus and other factors that may affect the value of the Notes and the ability of the 
Issuer to make payments under the Notes (including, but not limited to, market conditions and funding-related 
and operational risks inherent to the business of ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer)). There is no assurance 
that a rating in respect of the Notes, ING Bank N.V. or the Issuer will remain for any given period of time or 
that such rating will not be suspended, lowered or withdrawn by the relevant rating agency if, in its judgement, 
circumstances in the future so warrant.  
In the event that a rating assigned to the Notes, ING Bank N.V. or the Issuer is subsequently suspended, 
lowered or withdrawn for any reason, no person or entity is obliged to provide any additional support or credit 
enhancement with respect to the Notes, the trading price of the Notes is likely to be adversely affected and the 
ability of the Issuer to make payments under the Notes may be adversely affected. 
In addition, the ING Bank N.V.’s (including the Issuer’s) assets are risk weighted. Downgrades of these 
assets could result in a higher risk weighting which may result in higher capital requirements and thus a need 
to deleverage or issue more capital. This may impact net earnings and the return on capital, and may have an 
adverse impact on the Issuer’s financial position and ability to make payments under the Notes. 
If any investor holds Notes which are not denominated in the investor’s home currency, it will be 
exposed to movements in exchange rates adversely affecting the value of his holding. In addition, the

--- Page 10 ---
10 
imposition of exchange controls in relation to any Notes could result in an investor not receiving 
payments on those Notes 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in a Specified Currency. This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These include the 
risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified 
Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency-equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent trading price of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls 
that could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate and/or restrict the convertibility or transferability of 
currencies within and/or outside of a particular jurisdiction which in turn could adversely affect the ability of 
the Issuer to make payments in respect of the Notes. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal 
than expected, or receive it later than expected or not at all. 
3. Risks related to tax and legal matters 
The value of the Notes could be adversely affected by a change in the Groenregeling 
The Notes issued under this Base Prospectus currently provide Noteholders resident in the Netherlands 
with certain potential tax advantages as a result of the Regeling Groenprojecten and Fiscale Groenregeling (the 
“Groenregeling”), as further described in the “Description of ING Groenbank N.V.” section below. Any change 
to the Groenregeling after the date of issue of any particular Series of Notes may adversely impact the potential 
tax advantages available to Noteholders resident in the Netherlands and/or the value of any Notes held by such 
Noteholders.  
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions which may permit their modification without the consent 
of all investors which may be contrary to Noteholders’ interests 
The conditions of the Notes contain provisions for calling meetings of holders of the Notes to consider 
and vote upon matters affecting their interests generally or to pass resolutions in writing, including modifying 
the date of maturity of the Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount 
of principal or the rate of interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the 
Notes or coupon, and to obtain resolutions in writing on matters relating to the Notes from the holders of Notes 
without calling a meeting. These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all holders of Notes, including 
holders of Notes who did not attend and vote at the relevant meeting and holders of Notes who voted in a 
manner contrary to the majority or, as the case may be, who did not sign a resolution in writing. Any such 
modification may be contrary to the interest of one or more holders of Notes and as a result the Notes may no 
longer meet the requirements or investment objectives of a Noteholder. 
Risk that a difference in insolvency law could impact recovery by holders of Notes 
In the event that the Issuer becomes insolvent, insolvency proceedings will be generally governed by the 
insolvency laws of the Issuer’s place of incorporation, which is the Netherlands. The insolvency laws of the 
Issuer’s place of incorporation may be different from the insolvency laws of an investor’s home jurisdiction 
and the treatment and ranking of holders of Notes issued by the Issuer and the Issuer’s other creditors and 
shareholders if the Issuer was subject to the insolvency laws of the investor’s home jurisdiction. As a result, 
payments to holders of Notes, when the Issuer has entered into Dutch insolvency proceedings, could be subject

--- Page 11 ---
11 
to more of a delay and less of a recovery by holders in respect of the Notes to what that investor may expect in 
its home jurisdiction. 
4. Risks relating to the pricing of and market in the Notes 
More Notes may be issued than those which are to be subscribed or purchased by third party investors 
as a result of which the issue size of any Series may not be indicative of the depth or liquidity of the 
market for such Series 
As part of its issuing, market-making and/or trading arrangements, the Issuer may issue more Notes than 
those which are to be subscribed or purchased by third party investors. The Issuer (or any of its affiliates) may 
hold such Notes for the purpose of meeting any investor interest in the future. The issue size of any Series is 
therefore not indicative of the depth or liquidity of the market for such Series, or of the demand for such Series. 
If the depth or liquidity of the market for a Series of Notes is different than expected due to the fact that more 
Notes were issued than are subscribed or purchased by third party investors, this may adversely affect the 
trading price of the Notes in a secondary market.  
Investors who hold less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be unable to sell their Notes 
and may be adversely affected if definitive Notes are subsequently required to be issued 
In relation to any issue of Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination plus one or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such 
Notes may be traded in amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. Any 
such holding of Notes that is less than the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to 
trade. In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of trading such amounts, holds an amount which is less than 
the minimum Specified Denomination in its account with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time may 
not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding (should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to 
purchase a principal amount of Notes such that its holding amounts to a minimum Specified Denomination. 
Therefore, if definitive Notes are issued, Noteholders should be aware that definitive Notes that have a 
denomination which is not an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and 
difficult to trade. 
5. Risks relating to Sustainability Notes 
Notes issued as Sustainable Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure 
to green or sustainable assets. Any failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Sustainable Notes in 
connection with green or sustainable projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the 
investment requirements of certain environmentally focused investors with respect to such Sustainable 
Notes may affect the value and/or trading price of the Sustainable Notes, and/or may have consequences 
for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in green or sustainable assets 
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will satisfy any investor requirements or expectations 
The Issuer may issue Notes under the Programme where an amount equivalent to the net proceeds is 
specified in the applicable Final Terms to be used for the financing and/or refinancing, in whole or in part, of 
specified sustainable, green, environmental or social projects of the Issuer or any of its subsidiaries, in 
accordance with certain prescribed eligibility criteria as described in the “Use of Proceeds” section below (the 
“Eligibility Criteria”) and as in such case shall be set out in item 4(i) of Part B (Reasons for the offer) of the 
applicable Final Terms (any Notes which have such a specified use of proceeds are referred to as “Sustainable 
Notes”). 
The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes 
to advance loans to ING Bank N.V.’s (including the Issuer’s) customers on a targeted basis for the purposes of

--- Page 12 ---
12 
the financing and/or refinancing by such customers of assets, projects and expenditures with a positive 
sustainability impact, which may include sustainable, environmental, green and/or social projects, and which 
meet the relevant Eligibility Criteria (together, “Eligible Sustainable Projects”, and the portfolio of Eligible 
Sustainable Projects in respect of any issue of Sustainable Notes, the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”), in line 
with any sustainability framework(s) that ING Bank N.V. may publish from time to time, and/or which the 
Issuer expects will substantially adhere to the Green Bond Principles, Social Bond Principles and Sustainability 
Bond Guidelines (as applicable) as published by the International Capital Markets Association (ICMA) from 
time to time (together, the “Principles”). However, as the Principles may change over time, there is a possibility 
that the Eligible Sustainable Projects and any sustainability framework(s) that ING Bank N.V. may publish 
from time to time may no longer (fully) align with the Principles in the future. 
While the Principles do provide a high level framework, there is currently no market consensus on what 
precise attributes are required for a particular project or building to be defined as “green” or “sustainable” 
(including, without limitation, the attributes defining a “green building”), and therefore no assurance can be 
given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that the use of such amounts advanced by the Issuer to customers 
for the purposes of financing or refinancing any projects which the Issuer has identified as Eligible Sustainable 
Projects forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will satisfy, whether in whole or in part, any present 
or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria or guidelines with which such 
investor or its investments are required to comply, whether by any present or future applicable law or regulations 
or by its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio mandates, in particular with regard to 
any direct or indirect environmental, green, sustainability or social impact of any projects or uses, the subject 
of or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
No formal or consensus definition of a ‘sustainable’ (or similar) security 
There is currently no clearly defined legal, regulatory or other definition of a “sustainable note” or 
market consensus as to what attributes are required for a particular asset or project to be classified as ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or any similar label, nor can any assurance be given that such a clear 
definition or consensus will develop over time. A basis for the determination of such a definition has been 
established in the EU with the publication in the Official Journal of the EU on 22 June 2020 of Regulation (EU) 
2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 (the “Sustainable Finance Taxonomy 
Regulation”) on the establishment of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment (the “EU Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy”). The EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy is subject to further development by way of the 
implementation by the European Commission through delegated regulations of technical screening criteria for 
the environmental objectives set out in the Sustainable Finance Taxonomy Regulation. A proposal for a 
Regulation to create a “European Green Bond Standard” was published by the European Commission on 6 July 
2021 (the “European Green Bond Standard Proposal”) and is currently the subject of interinstitutional 
negotiations. Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer that the 
Eligibility Criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will 
satisfy any requisite criteria determined under the European Green Bond Standard Proposal, the Sustainable 
Finance Taxonomy Regulation or within the EU Sustainable Finance Taxonomy at any time, or that any regime 
implemented in the United Kingdom (if any) for issuing ‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’ or other 
equivalently-labelled securities will align with the European (or any other) framework for such securities. 
No assurance that Eligible Sustainable Projects will be completed or meet their objectives 
Furthermore, there can be no assurance that any Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio will be completed within any specified period or at all or with the results or outcome 
(whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer when making its 
assessment whether or not to apply any proceeds of Sustainable Notes (or amounts equal thereto) to such 
Eligible Sustainable Project.

--- Page 13 ---
13 
Accordingly, no assurance is or can be given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer to investors in 
Sustainable Notes that any projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects 
forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will meet any or all investor expectations regarding such 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled performance objectives or that 
any adverse environmental, green, social and/or other impacts will not occur during the implementation of any 
projects or uses the subject of, or related to, any Eligible Sustainable Projects. 
No obligation on the Arranger or any Dealer to verify Eligible Sustainable Projects or monitor the use of 
proceeds of Sustainable Notes 
Furthermore, neither the Arranger nor any Dealer is responsible for (i) any assessment of any eligibility 
criteria relating to Sustainable Notes, (ii) any verification of whether the relevant advance of loans by the Issuer 
or the Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio will satisfy the relevant 
eligibility criteria, (iii) the monitoring of the use of proceeds (or amounts equal thereto) in connection with the 
issue of any Sustainable Notes or (iv) the allocation of the proceeds by the Issuer to particular Eligible 
Sustainable Projects. 
No assurance of suitability or reliability of any second party opinion 
In addition, no assurance or representation is given by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer as to the 
suitability or reliability for any purpose whatsoever of any opinion, certification or report of any third party, 
(whether or not solicited by the Issuer) which may be made available in connection with the issue of any 
Sustainable Notes and/or any sustainability framework established by the Issuer, and in particular with any 
Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio to fulfil any environmental, 
green, sustainability, social and/or other criteria. For the avoidance of doubt, any such opinion or certification 
will not be, and shall not be deemed to be, incorporated in and/or form part of the Base Prospectus. Any such 
opinion or certification is not, and should not be deemed to be, a recommendation by the Issuer or any other 
person to buy, sell or hold any Sustainable Notes. Any such opinion or certification will only be current as of 
the date on which that opinion is initially issued. Prospective investors must determine for themselves the 
relevance of any such opinion or certification and/or the information contained therein and/or the provider of 
such opinion or certification for the purpose of any investment in any Sustainable Notes. As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the providers of such opinions and certifications are not subject to any specific regulatory or 
other regime or oversight. However, pursuant to the European Green Bond Standard Proposal, providers of such 
opinions would be required to be registered and supervised by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(“ESMA”) in the future. Furthermore, Noteholders will have no recourse against the provider of the second 
party opinion. 
No assurance that Sustainable Notes will be admitted to trading on any dedicated sustainable (or similar) 
segment of any stock exchange or market, or that any admission obtained will be maintained 
If any Sustainable Notes are listed or admitted to trading or otherwise displayed on any dedicated 
‘green’, ‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange 
or securities market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Issuer, the 
Arranger or any Dealer that such listing or admission or display satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any 
present or future investor expectations or requirements as regards any investment criteria. Any such event or 
failure by the Issuer to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Notes to advance 
loans to customers to finance and/or refinance any Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio, and/or any failure by any such customer to apply those funds to Eligible Sustainable 
Projects as aforesaid, and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or certification 
attesting that the Issuer or any of ING Bank N.V.’s customers is not complying in whole or in part with any 
matters for which such opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any Sustainable Notes no

--- Page 14 ---
14 
longer being listed or admitted to trading or displayed on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid, 
will not (i) give rise to any claim of a Noteholder against the Issuer (or the Arranger or any Dealer), (ii) constitute 
an Event of Default under any Sustainable Notes or a breach or violation of any term thereof, or constitute a 
default by the Issuer for any other purpose, (iii) lead to a right or obligation of the Issuer to redeem any 
Sustainable Notes or give any Noteholder the right to require redemption of its Notes or (iv) result in any step-
up or increased payments of interest, principal or any other amounts in respect of any Sustainable Notes or 
otherwise affect the Terms and Conditions. 
Material adverse impact on trading and/or market price 
If any of the risks outlined in this risk factor materialise, this may have a material adverse effect on the 
value of such Sustainable Notes and also potentially the value of any other Notes which are intended to finance 
the Issuer’s lending for Eligible Sustainable Projects forming part of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and/or 
result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used 
for a particular purpose (including, without limitation, if such investors are required to dispose of their 
Sustainable Notes as a result of such Notes not meeting any investment criteria or objectives set by or for such 
investor, which could lead to increased volatility and/or material decreases in the market price of Sustainable 
Notes). 
Potential investors should be aware that Sustainable Notes may also be subject to the resolution tools 
granted to the competent authority under the BRRD in circumstances where ING Bank N.V. and/or the Issuer 
fails or is likely to fail. Please also refer to the interdependent risk factor “– The Notes may be subject to 
mandatory write-down or conversion to equity, or other actions or measures, which may adversely affect the 
value of the relevant Notes or result in investors in the relevant Notes losing all or some of their investment” 
above for further information in connection with actions that can be taken or measures that can be applied by 
resolution authorities in respect of ING Groep N.V. and/or ING Bank N.V. and which may result in investors 
losing all or some of their investment in the Notes (including Sustainable Notes).

--- Page 15 ---
15 
IMPORTANT NOTICES 
Any Notes issued under the Programme are issued subject to the provisions set out herein. This does not 
affect any Notes issued prior to the date hereof. 
The Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus relating to non-equity securities for the purposes of 
Article 8(6) of the Prospectus Regulation. In respect of each individual series of PR Notes Final Terms will be 
filed with the AFM. 
This Base Prospectus has been drawn up in accordance with Annexes 6, 14, 22 and 28 of the Commission 
Delegated Regulation (EU) 2019/980, as amended and has been approved by the Netherlands Authority for the 
Financial Markets (the “AFM”) in its capacity as competent authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The 
AFM only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility 
and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of either the Issuer or the quality of the Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus 
and investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Notes.  
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in the Base Prospectus. To the best of the 
Issuer’s knowledge, the information contained in this Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and makes 
no omission likely to affect the import of such information. 
Any information from third parties contained in this Base Prospectus has been accurately reproduced 
and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by that third party, does not 
omit anything which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
The Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with any supplement thereto and all documents which 
are incorporated by reference therein (see the section “Documents Incorporated by Reference” in the ING Bank 
Registration Document). Such documents shall be incorporated in, and form part of this Base Prospectus, save 
that any statement contained in a document which is incorporated by reference therein shall be deemed to be 
modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent that a later statement contained 
therein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by implication or otherwise). Any 
statement so modified or superseded shall, except as so modified or superseded, not constitute a part of this 
Base Prospectus. Full information on the Issuer and any Tranches of PR Notes is only available on the basis of 
the Base Prospectus as a whole, as supplemented from time to time, and the relevant Final Terms. 
The Notes issued under the Programme by the Issuer shall include medium term notes (“Medium Term 
Notes”). Such Medium Term Notes will constitute fixed rate notes (“Fixed Rate Notes”). 
Notes may be denominated in any currency determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (if any). 
References herein to “Notes” are to the Notes which may be issued by the Issuer under the Programme. 
References herein to “Noteholders” are to holders of Notes.  
Subject as set out herein, the Notes will be subject to such minimum or maximum maturity as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent body) or any laws or 
regulations applicable to the Issuer or the relevant Specified Currency (as defined herein). The maximum 
aggregate nominal amount of all Notes and obligations from time to time outstanding under the Programme 
(including, but not limited to Notes issued under this Base Prospectus) will not exceed €25,000,000,000 (or its 
equivalent in other currencies calculated as described herein). 
In relation to each separate issue of Notes, the issue price and the amount of such Notes will be 
determined, based on then prevailing market conditions at the time of the issue of the Notes, and will be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below). The Final Terms will be provided to investors and filed with 
the relevant competent authority for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation (i) when any public offer of

--- Page 16 ---
16 
Notes is made in the European Economic Area as soon as practicable and in advance of the beginning of the 
offer and (ii) when admission to trading of Notes on a regulated market in the European Economic Area is 
sought as soon as practicable and if possible in advance of the admission to trading. 
The Notes will not contain any provision that would oblige the Issuer to gross-up any amounts payable 
thereunder in the event of any withholding or deduction for or on account of taxes levied in any jurisdiction. 
The Notes will be issued on a continuing basis by the Issuer to the purchasers thereof, which may include any 
Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time, which appointment may be for a specific issue or 
on an ongoing basis and which may include ING Bank N.V. acting in its capacity as a Dealer and separate from 
that as Issuer (each a “Dealer” and together the “Dealers”). The Dealer or Dealers with whom the Issuer agrees 
or proposes to agree on the issue of any Notes is or are referred to as the “relevant Dealer” in respect of those 
Notes. 
The Issuer may decide to issue Notes in a form not contemplated by the various terms and conditions of 
the Notes, as the case may be, herein. In any such case a supplement to this Base Prospectus, if appropriate, 
will be made available which will describe the form of such Notes. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest (if any) payable in respect of Notes, the issue 
price of Notes and any other terms and conditions not contained herein which are applicable to each Tranche of 
Notes will be set forth in the final terms (the “Final Terms”) for the particular issue. 
Notes will be issued in bearer form (see “Form of the Notes”). 
ING Bank N.V. has a senior debt rating from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s 
France SAS (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), details of which are contained in the 
ING Bank Registration Document. S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European Union and are 
registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 16 
September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time, the “CRA Regulation”).  
Tranches (as defined herein) of Notes issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated. Where a 
Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as any ratings assigned to ING 
Bank N.V., the Issuer, the Programme or any Notes already issued. A credit rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency. 
To the fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for the contents of 
the Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by a Dealer or on its behalf in 
connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of any Notes. Each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and 
any liability whether arising in tort or contract or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise 
have in respect of the Base Prospectus or any such statement. 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation not contained in 
or incorporated by reference into the Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme and neither the Issuer nor the Arranger or any Dealer appointed by the Issuer takes any 
responsibility for, and none of them can provide assurance as to the reliability of, information that any other 
person may give. 
Neither the delivery of the Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Notes shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Issuer is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct 
as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Dealers do not 
undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the life of the Programme. Investors

--- Page 17 ---
17 
should carefully review and evaluate, inter alia, the most recent financial statements of the Issuer when deciding 
whether or not to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme 
should be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer or any of the Dealers that any recipient of the Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme should purchase any Notes. 
Each investor contemplating purchasing any Notes should make its own independent investigation of the 
financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the creditworthiness, of the Issuer. Neither the Base 
Prospectus nor the information contained in it or any other information supplied in connection with the 
Programme or the issue of any Notes constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or any of 
the Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Notes. 
Neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability of any Sustainable 
Notes (as defined herein), including the listing or admission to trading thereof on any dedicated ‘green’, 
‘environmental’, ‘sustainable’, ‘social’ or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or 
securities market, to fulfil any green, social, environmental or sustainability criteria required by any prospective 
investors. The Arranger and the Dealers have not undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of 
the eligibility criteria for Eligible Sustainable Projects (as defined herein), any verification of whether the 
Eligible Sustainable Projects meet such criteria or the monitoring of the use of proceeds of any Sustainable 
Notes (or amounts equal thereto). Investors should refer to any sustainability framework which ING Bank N.V.  
may publish from time to time, any second party opinion delivered in respect thereof, and any public reporting 
by or on behalf of the Issuer in respect of the application of the proceeds of any issue of Sustainable Notes for 
further information. Any such sustainability framework and/or second party opinion and/or public reporting 
will not be incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus and neither the Arranger nor any Dealer makes 
any representation as to the suitability or contents thereof. 
If the use of such proceeds is a factor in a prospective investor’s decision to invest in Sustainable Notes, 
prospective investors should consult with their legal and other advisers before making an investment in any 
such Sustainable Notes and must determine for themselves the relevance of such information for the purpose 
of any investment in such Sustainable Notes, together with any other investigation such investor deems 
necessary. 
NOTES MAY NOT BE A SUITABLE INVESTMENT FOR ALL INVESTORS - Each potential investor 
in any Notes must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances. In particular, 
each potential investor should: 
(i) 
have sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the relevant Notes, the 
merits and risks of investing in the relevant Notes and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement or applicable Final Terms; 
(ii) 
have access to, and knowledge of, appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its particular 
financial situation, an investment in the relevant Notes and the impact such investment will have on its 
overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
have sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the relevant 
Notes, including where principal or interest is payable in one or more currencies, or where the currency 
for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor’s currency; 
(iv) 
understand thoroughly the terms of the relevant Notes and be familiar with the behaviour of any relevant 
benchmarks and the financial markets; and 
(v) 
be able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks.

--- Page 18 ---
18 
Some Notes could be perceived as complex financial instruments and such instruments may be 
purchased as a way to reduce risk or enhance yield with an understood, measured, appropriate addition of risk 
to their overall portfolios. A potential investor should not invest in Notes which are complex financial 
instruments unless it has the expertise (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) to evaluate how the 
Notes will perform under changing conditions, the resulting effects on the value of such Notes and the impact 
this investment will have on the potential investor’s overall investment portfolio. 
The Base Prospectus is not, and does not purport to be, investment advice or an investment 
recommendation to purchase the Notes. The Issuer, including its branches and any group company, is acting 
solely in the capacity of an arm’s length contractual counterparty and not as a purchaser’s financial adviser or 
fiduciary in any transaction, unless the Issuer has agreed to do so in writing. If a prospective investor does not 
have experience in financial, business and investment matters sufficient to permit it to make such a 
determination, the investor should consult with its financial adviser prior to deciding to make an investment on 
the suitability of the Notes. Investors risk losing their entire investment or part of it. 
Each prospective investor of Notes must determine, based on its own independent review and such 
professional advice as it deems appropriate under the circumstances, that its acquisition of the Notes (i) is fully 
consistent with its (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, the beneficiary’s) financial needs, 
objectives and condition, (ii) complies and is fully consistent with any investment policies, guidelines and 
restrictions applicable to it (whether acquiring the Notes as principal or in a fiduciary capacity) and (iii) is a fit, 
proper and suitable investment for it (or, if it is acquiring the Notes in a fiduciary capacity, for the beneficiary). 
In particular, investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review 
or regulation by certain authorities. Each prospective investor should therefore consult its legal advisers to 
determine whether and to what extent (i) the Notes are legal investments for it, (ii) the Notes can be used as 
underlying securities for various types of borrowing and (iii) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge 
of any Notes. 
Financial institutions should consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the 
appropriate treatment of Notes under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
 
OFFER RESTRICTIONS 
 
Other than in the Netherlands, the Issuer, the Arranger and any Dealer do not represent that the Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that Notes may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering. In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Issuer, the Arranger or any Dealer under the Programme which would permit a public 
offering of the Notes or distribution of the Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction where action for that purpose is 
required, other than (if so indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in the Netherlands. Accordingly, the Notes 
may not be offered or sold, directly or indirectly, and neither the Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other 
offering material may be distributed or published in any jurisdiction where such offer, sale, distribution and/or 
publication would be prohibited and each Dealer will be required to represent that all offers and sales by it of 
Notes will be made on these terms. The Issuer may seek to have an expected issue of Notes admitted to trading 
on Euronext Amsterdam on an “as-if-and-when-issued” basis, generally starting three business days preceding 
the Issue Date until the Issue Date (both the first day of the as-if-and-when-issued-trading and the Issue Date 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms). As-if-and-when-issued-trading makes it possible to trade in the 
Notes listed on Euronext Amsterdam before they have been issued. However, prospective investors in Notes 
should not rely on trading on this basis as a commitment by the Issuer to accept an application to subscribe for 
Notes to refrain from withdrawing, cancelling or otherwise modifying an offer of Notes.

--- Page 19 ---
19 
The distribution of the Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Notes may be restricted by law in certain 
jurisdictions. Persons into whose possession the Base Prospectus or any Notes come must inform themselves 
about, and observe, any such restrictions. See “Subscription and Sale” below. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes will include 
a legend entitled “MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market 
assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the MiFID 
Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “MiFID Product Governance 
Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include 
a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect 
of the Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and 
determining appropriate distribution channels. 
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, 
but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer 
for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area ("EEA"). For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of MiFID II; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point 
(10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation. 
Consequently, no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the 
“PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors 
in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available 
to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes includes a 
legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor 
in the United Kingdom (the “UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement

--- Page 20 ---
20 
the Insurance Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently, no key information document required by the 
PRIIPs Regulation as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as 
amended (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of 
the United States. Accordingly, the Notes may not be offered, sold, pledged or otherwise transferred within the 
United States or to or for the account or benefit of U.S. persons, except in accordance with Regulation S under 
the Securities Act or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and any 
applicable state securities laws.  
The Notes have not been approved or disapproved by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, 
any state securities commission in the United States or any other U.S. regulatory authority, nor have any of the 
foregoing authorities passed upon or endorsed the merits of the offering of the Notes or the accuracy or the 
adequacy of this Base Prospectus. Any representation to the contrary is a criminal offence in the United States. 
 
GENERAL 
The Base Prospectus includes a general summary of Dutch tax considerations relating to an investment 
in the Notes issued by the Issuer (see “Taxation”). Such summary may not apply to a particular holder of Notes 
issued by the Issuer. Any potential investor should consult its own tax adviser for more information about the 
tax consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of Notes issued by the Issuer in its particular 
circumstances.  
All references in the Prospectus to “U.S. dollars”, “dollar”, “U.S.$”, “$”, “USD” and “U.S. cent.” refer 
to the lawful currency of the United States of America and those to “euro”, “EUR” and “€” refer to the lawful 
currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended by the Treaty on European Union. 
In the Prospectus and any document incorporated herein by reference, references to websites or uniform 
resource locators (“URLs”) are deemed inactive textual references and are included for information purposes 
only. The contents of any such website or URL shall not form part of, or be deemed to be incorporated into, the 
Prospectus. 
Any website referred to in this document which is not specifically incorporated by reference herein does 
not form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
PUBLIC OFFERS OF NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES IN THE EUROPEAN ECONOMIC AREA  
Non-Exempt PR Notes may, subject as provided below, be offered in a Member State of the European 
Economic Area (each a “Member State”) in circumstances where there is no exemption from the obligation 
under the Prospectus Regulation to publish a prospectus. Any such offer is referred to in this Base Prospectus 
as a “Public Offer”. 
The Prospectus has been prepared on a basis that permits Public Offers in the Netherlands (the “Public 
Offer Jurisdiction”). Any person making or intending to make a Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR Notes in the 
Public Offer Jurisdiction on the basis of the Prospectus must do so only with the Issuer’s consent (see “Consent

--- Page 21 ---
21 
given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation” below). Save as provided above, neither the 
Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any Public Offer of Notes in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for either the Issuer or any Dealer to publish or supplement the 
Prospectus for such offer. 
If the Issuer intends to make or authorise any Public Offer of Non-Exempt PR Notes to be made in (i) 
one or more Member States other than the Public Offer Jurisdiction or (ii) the United Kingdom, where any offer 
of Notes in the United Kingdom will be made pursuant to an exemption under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as 
it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”) from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Notes, it will prepare a supplement to the Prospectus specifying 
such Member State(s) or the United Kingdom (as applicable) and any additional information required by the 
Prospectus Regulation (or UK Prospectus Regulation, as the case may be) in respect thereof. Such supplement 
will also set out provisions relating to the Issuer’s consent to use the Prospectus in connection with any such 
Public Offer. 
Consent given in accordance with Article 5.1 of the Prospectus Regulation  
In the context of any Public Offer of Notes, the Issuer accepts responsibility, in the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction, for the content of the Prospectus in relation to any person (an “Investor”) who purchases any 
Notes in a Public Offer made by a Dealer or an Authorised Offeror (as defined below), where that offer is made 
during the Offer Period (as specified in the applicable Final Terms). 
Except in the circumstances described below, the Issuer has not authorised the making of any offer by 
any offeror and the Issuer has not consented to the use of the Prospectus by any other person in connection with 
any offer of the Notes in any jurisdiction. Any offer made without the consent of the Issuer is unauthorised and 
neither the Issuer nor, for the avoidance of doubt, any Dealer accepts any responsibility or liability in relation 
to such offer or for the actions of the persons making any such unauthorised offer. If, in the context of a Public 
Offer, an Investor is offered Notes by a person which is not an Authorised Offeror, the Investor should check 
with such person whether anyone is responsible for the Prospectus for the purpose of the relevant Public Offer 
and, if so, who that person is. If an Investor is in any doubt about whether it can rely on the Prospectus and/or 
who is responsible for its contents, the Investor should take legal advice. 
Consent 
The Issuer consents and (in connection with paragraph (D) below) offers to grant its consent to the use 
of the Prospectus (as supplemented at the relevant time, if applicable) in connection with any Public Offer of a 
Tranche of Notes in the Public Offer Jurisdiction specified in the applicable Final Terms during the Offer Period 
specified in the applicable Final Terms by: 
Specific consent 
(A) 
the Dealer or Managers specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
any financial intermediaries specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(C) 
any other financial intermediary appointed after the date of the applicable Final Terms and whose name 
and address are published on ING Bank N.V.’s website (https://www.ingmarkets.com/en-nl/ing-
markets/) and identified as an Authorised Offeror in respect of the relevant Public Offer; and 
General consent 
(D) 
if General Consent is specified in the applicable Final Terms as applicable, any other financial 
intermediary which (a) is authorised to make such offers under MiFID II; and (b) accepts such offer by 
publishing on its website the following statement (with the information in square brackets duly 
completed with the relevant information) (the “Acceptance Statement”):

--- Page 22 ---
22 
“We, [specify legal name of financial intermediary], refer to the offer of [specify title of Notes] (the 
“Notes”) described in the Final Terms dated [specify date] (the “Final Terms”) published by ING 
Groenbank N.V. (the “Issuer”). In consideration of the Issuer offering to grant its consent to our use of 
the Prospectus (as defined in the Final Terms) in connection with the offer of the Notes in the Netherlands 
during the Offer Period in accordance with the Authorised Offeror Terms (as specified in the 
Prospectus), we accept the offer by the Issuer. We confirm that we are authorised under MiFID II to 
make, and are using the Prospectus in connection with, the Public Offer accordingly. Terms used herein 
and otherwise not defined shall have the same meaning as given to such terms in the Prospectus.” 
The “Authorised Offeror Terms”, being the terms to which the relevant financial intermediary agrees 
in connection with using the Prospectus, are that the relevant financial intermediary: 
(I) 
will, and it agrees, represents, warrants and undertakes for the benefit of the Issuer and the relevant 
Dealer that it will, at all times in connection with the relevant Public Offer: 
(a) 
act in accordance with, and be solely responsible for complying with, all applicable laws, rules, 
regulations and guidance of any applicable regulatory bodies (the “Rules”) from time to time, 
including, without limitation, Rules relating to both the appropriateness or suitability of any 
investment in the Non-Exempt PR Notes by any person and disclosure to any potential Investor, 
and will immediately inform the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time such financial 
intermediary becomes aware or suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules and takes 
all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules in all respects; 
(b) 
comply with the restrictions set out under “Subscription and Sale” in this Base Prospectus which 
would apply as if it were a Dealer; 
(c) 
consider the relevant manufacturer’s target market assessment and distribution channels 
identified under the “MiFID II product governance” legend set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
(d) 
ensure that any fee (and any other commissions or benefits of any kind) received or paid by that 
financial intermediary in relation to the offer or sale of the Non-Exempt PR Notes does not violate 
the Rules and, to the extent required by the Rules, is fully and clearly disclosed to Investors or 
potential Investors; 
(e) 
hold all licences, consents, approvals and permissions required in connection with solicitation of 
interest in, or offers or sales of, the Non-Exempt PR Notes under the Rules; 
(f) 
comply with applicable anti-money laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your 
client” Rules (including, without limitation, taking appropriate steps, in compliance with such 
Rules, to establish and document the identity of each potential Investor prior to initial investment 
in any Non-Exempt PR Notes by the Investor), and will not permit any application for Non-
Exempt PR Notes in circumstances where the financial intermediary has any suspicions as to the 
source of the application monies; 
(g) 
retain Investor identification records for at least the minimum period required under applicable 
Rules, and shall, if so requested, make such records available to the relevant Dealer and the Issuer 
or directly to the appropriate authorities with jurisdiction over the Issuer and/or the relevant 
Dealer in order to enable the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer to comply with anti-money 
laundering, anti-bribery, anti-corruption and “know your client” Rules applying to the Issuer 
and/or the relevant Dealer;

--- Page 23 ---
23 
(h) 
not, directly or indirectly, cause the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to breach any Rule or subject 
the Issuer or the relevant Dealer to any requirement to obtain or make any filing, authorisation or 
consent in any jurisdiction; 
(i) 
immediately give notice to the Issuer and the relevant Dealer if at any time it becomes aware or 
suspects that it is or may be in violation of any Rules or the terms of this sub-paragraph, and takes 
all appropriate steps to remedy such violation and comply with such Rules and this sub-paragraph 
in all respects; 
(j) 
not give any information other than that contained in the Base Prospectus (as may be amended 
or supplemented by the Issuer from time to time) or make any representation in connection with 
the offering or sale of, or the solicitation of interest in, the Notes; 
(k) 
ensure that no holder of Non-Exempt PR Notes or potential Investor in Non-Exempt PR Notes 
shall become an indirect or direct client of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer for the purposes of 
any applicable Rules from time to time, and to the extent that any client obligations are created 
by the relevant financial intermediary under any applicable Rules, then such financial 
intermediary shall perform any such obligations so arising; 
(l) 
co-operate with the Issuer and the relevant Dealer in providing such information (including, 
without limitation, documents and records maintained pursuant to paragraph (f) above) upon 
written request from the Issuer or the relevant Dealer as is available to such financial intermediary 
or which is within its power and control from time to time, together with such further assistance 
as is reasonably requested by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer: 
(i) 
in connection with any request or investigation by the AFM and/or any relevant regulator 
of competent jurisdiction in relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes, the Issuer or the 
relevant Dealer; 
(ii) 
in connection with any complaints received by the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer 
relating to the Issuer and/or the relevant Dealer or another Authorised Offeror, including, 
without limitation, complaints as defined in rules published by the AFM and/or any 
relevant regulator of competent jurisdiction from time to time; and/or 
(iii) 
which the Issuer or the relevant Dealer may reasonably require from time to time in 
relation to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and/or as to allow the Issuer or the relevant Dealer 
fully to comply within its own legal, tax and regulatory requirements, 
in each case, as soon as is reasonably practicable and, in any event, within any time frame set by 
any such regulator or regulatory process; 
(m) 
during the primary distribution period of the Non-Exempt PR Notes: (i) not sell the Non-Exempt 
PR Notes at any price other than the Issue Price specified in the applicable Final Terms (unless 
otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (ii) not sell the Non-Exempt PR Notes otherwise than 
for settlement on the Issue Date specified in the applicable Final Terms; (iii) not appoint any sub-
distributors (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); (iv) not pay any fee or 
remuneration or commissions or benefits to any third parties in relation to the offering or sale of 
the Non-Exempt PR Notes (unless otherwise agreed with the relevant Dealer); and (v) comply 
with such other rules of conduct as may be reasonably required and specified by the relevant 
Dealer; 
(n) 
either (i) obtain from each potential Investor an executed application for the Non-Exempt PR 
Notes or (ii) keep a record of all requests such financial intermediary (x) makes for its

--- Page 24 ---
24 
discretionary management clients, (y) receives from its advisory clients and (z) receives from its 
execution-only clients, in each case prior to making any order for the Non-Exempt PR Notes on 
their behalf, and in each case maintain the same on its files for so long as is required by any 
applicable Rules; 
(o) 
comply with the conditions to the consent referred to under “Common conditions to consent” 
below and any further requirements relevant to the Public Offer as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms; 
(p) 
make available to each potential Investor in the Non-Exempt PR Notes the Base Prospectus (as 
supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable), the applicable Final Terms and any applicable 
information booklet provided by the Issuer for such purpose, and not convey or publish any 
information that is not contained in or entirely consistent with the Base Prospectus ; and 
(q) 
if it conveys or publishes any communication (other than the Base Prospectus or any other 
materials provided to such financial intermediary by or on behalf of the Issuer for the purposes 
of the relevant Public Offer) in connection with the relevant Public Offer, it will ensure that such 
communication (A) is fair, clear and not misleading and complies with the Rules, (B) states that 
such financial intermediary has provided such communication independently of the Issuer, that 
such financial intermediary is solely responsible for such communication and that none of the 
Issuer nor the relevant Dealer accepts any responsibility for such communication and (C) does 
not, without the prior written consent of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer (as applicable), use the 
legal or publicity names of the Issuer or the relevant Dealer or any other name, brand or logo 
registered by an entity within their respective groups or any material over which any such entity 
retains a proprietary interest, except to describe the Issuer as issuer of the relevant Non-Exempt 
PR Notes on the basis set out in the Base Prospectus; 
(II) 
agrees and undertakes to indemnify each of the Issuer and the relevant Dealer (in each case on behalf of 
such entity and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents, affiliates and controlling persons) 
against any losses, liabilities, costs, claims, charges, expenses, actions or demands (including reasonable 
costs of investigation and any defence raised thereto and counsel’s fees and disbursements associated 
with any such investigation or defence) which any of them may incur or which may be made against any 
of them arising out of or in relation to, or in connection with, any breach of any of the foregoing 
agreements, representations, warranties or undertakings by such financial intermediary, including 
(without limitation) any unauthorised action by such financial intermediary or failure by such financial 
intermediary to observe any of the above restrictions or requirements or the making by such financial 
intermediary of any unauthorised representation or the giving or use by it of any information which has 
not been authorised for such purposes by the Issuer or the relevant Dealer; and 
(III) 
agrees and accepts that: 
(a) 
the contract between the Issuer and the financial intermediary formed upon acceptance by the 
financial intermediary of the Issuer’s offer to use the Base Prospectus with its consent in 
connection with the relevant Public Offer (the “Authorised Offeror Contract”), and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract, shall 
be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands; and 
(b) 
the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which 
may arise out of or in connection with the Authorised Offeror Contract (including a dispute 
relating to any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Authorised 
Offeror Contract), and accordingly submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts.

--- Page 25 ---
25 
The financial intermediaries referred to in paragraphs (B), (C) and (D) above are together referred to 
herein as the “Authorised Offerors”. 
Any Authorised Offeror falling within paragraph (D) above who wishes to use the Base Prospectus in 
connection with a Public Offer as set out above is required, for the duration of the relevant Offer Period, 
to publish on its website the Acceptance Statement. 
The consent referred to above relates to Offer Periods occurring within 12 months from the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
Any new information with respect to Authorised Offerors unknown at the time of the approval of this 
Base Prospectus or the filing of the applicable Final Terms will be published and can be found at ING 
Bank N.V.’s website (https://www.ingmarkets.com/en-nl/ing-markets/). 
Common conditions to consent 
The conditions to the Issuer’s consent are (in addition to the conditions described in paragraph (D) above 
if Part B of the applicable Final Terms specifies “General Consent” as “Applicable”) that such consent: 
 
is only valid in respect of the relevant Tranche of Non-Exempt PR Notes; 
 
is only valid during the Offer Period specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
 
only extends to the use of the Base Prospectus to make Public Offers of the relevant Tranche of Non- 
Exempt PR Notes in the Netherlands as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
ARRANGEMENTS BETWEEN INVESTORS AND AUTHORISED OFFERORS 
AN INVESTOR INTENDING TO ACQUIRE OR ACQUIRING ANY NON-EXEMPT PR 
NOTES IN A PUBLIC OFFER FROM AN AUTHORISED OFFEROR OTHER THAN THE ISSUER 
WILL DO SO, AND OFFERS AND SALES OF SUCH NON-EXEMPT PR NOTES TO AN INVESTOR 
BY SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE MADE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY TERMS AND 
OTHER ARRANGEMENTS IN PLACE BETWEEN SUCH AUTHORISED OFFEROR AND SUCH 
INVESTOR, INCLUDING AS TO PRICE, ALLOCATIONS, EXPENSES AND SETTLEMENT 
ARRANGEMENTS. THE ISSUER WILL NOT BE A PARTY TO ANY SUCH ARRANGEMENTS 
WITH SUCH INVESTORS IN CONNECTION WITH THE PUBLIC OFFER OR SALE OF THE NON-
EXEMPT PR NOTES CONCERNED AND, ACCORDINGLY, THE BASE PROSPECTUS AND ANY 
FINAL TERMS WILL NOT CONTAIN SUCH INFORMATION. THE INVESTOR MUST LOOK TO 
THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR AT THE TIME OF SUCH OFFER FOR THE 
PROVISION OF SUCH INFORMATION AND THE AUTHORISED OFFEROR WILL BE 
RESPONSIBLE FOR SUCH INFORMATION. NEITHER THE ISSUER NOR ANY DEALER 
(EXCEPT WHERE SUCH DEALER IS THE RELEVANT AUTHORISED OFFEROR) HAS ANY 
RESPONSIBILITY OR LIABILITY TO AN INVESTOR IN RESPECT OF SUCH INFORMATION. 
Public Offers: Issue Price and Offer Price 
Non-Exempt PR Notes to be offered pursuant to a Public Offer will be issued by the Issuer at the Issue 
Price specified in the applicable Final Terms. The Issue Price will be determined by the Issuer in consultation 
with the relevant Dealer at the time of the relevant Public Offer and will depend, amongst other things, on the 
interest rate applicable to the Non-Exempt PR Notes and prevailing market conditions at that time. The offer 
price of such Non-Exempt PR Notes will be the Issue Price or such other price as may be agreed between an 
Investor and the Authorised Offeror making the offer of the Non-Exempt PR Notes to such Investor. The Issuer 
will not be party to arrangements between an Investor and an Authorised Offeror, and the Investor will need to 
look to the relevant Authorised Offeror to confirm the price at which such Authorised Offeror is offering the 
Non-Exempt PR Notes to such Investor.

--- Page 26 ---
26 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
In respect of the Notes issued by the Issuer, this Base Prospectus should be read and construed in 
conjunction with the ING Bank N.V. Registration Document dated 24 March 2023, as supplemented from time 
to time, including at the date of this Base Prospectus on 12 May 2023, 4 August 2023 and 3 November 2023 
(the “ING Bank Registration Document”). The following documents, which have previously been published 
or are published simultaneously with this Base Prospectus and have been approved by the AFM or filed with it, 
shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
(i) 
the 
Articles 
of 
Association 
(statuten) 
of 
the 
Issuer, 
available 
at 
https://www.ingmarkets.com/ugc/legaldocuments/231025094734_ING%20Groenbank%20AoA%2020
13.pdf;  
(ii) 
the publicly available audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 
2022 (including the independent auditor's report thereon) (as contained in the the annual report in respect 
of the year ended 31 December 2022 (the “2022 Annual Report”)), available at 
https://www.ingmarkets.com/ugc/legaldocuments/231025102603_Annual%20Report%20ING%20Gro
enbank%202022%20final%2022.06.23%20with%20unsigned%20CV%20SECURED%20-
%20MB%20signed.pdf;  
(iii) 
the publicly available audited financial statements of the Issuer in respect of the year ended 31 December 
2021 (including the independent auditor's report thereon) (as contained in the annual report in respect of 
the 
year 
ended 
31 
December 
2021 
(the 
“2021 
Annual 
Report”)), 
available 
at 
https://www.ingmarkets.com/ugc/legaldocuments/231025102446_Annual%20report%20ING%20Groe
nbank%202021%20incl%20KPMG%20audit%20opinion%20-%20signed.pdf; and 
(iv) 
the sections entitled “Documents Incorporated by Reference”, “Risk Factors”, “Description of ING Bank 
N.V.” and “General Information” and the details of the relevant parties on the last page, as contained in 
the ING Bank Registration Document, and including any information specifically incorporated by 
reference 
therein, 
available 
at 
https://www.ingmarkets.com/ugc/legaldocuments/230327204229_ING%20Bank%20N.V.%20Registra
tion%20Document%20(24%20March%202023).pdf.  
The non-incorporated parts of the ING Bank Registration Document, including the ‘important notices’, 
‘selected financial information’, ‘operating and financial review and prospects’ and ‘selected statistical 
information’ sections are not relevant for the Noteholder or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Any statement contained in a document which is deemed to be incorporated by reference into this Base 
Prospectus shall be deemed to be modified or superseded for the purpose of this Base Prospectus to the extent 
that a later statement contained herein modifies or supersedes such earlier statement (whether expressly, by 
implication or otherwise).  
Any information or other documents themselves incorporated by reference, either expressly or 
implicitly, in the documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus shall not form part of this Base 
Prospectus, except where such information or other documents are specifically incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus. This Base Prospectus and the documents incorporated by reference herein may contain 
active hyperlinks or inactive textual addresses to Internet websites operated by ING Bank N.V.  or the Issuer 
and third parties. Unless otherwise indicated, reference to such websites is made for information purposes only, 
and information found at such websites is not incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus or the 
documents incorporated by reference herein and shall not form a part of this Base Prospectus. 
The Issuer will provide, without charge, to each person to whom a copy of this Base Prospectus has been 
delivered in accordance with applicable law, upon the oral or written request of such person, a copy of any or

--- Page 27 ---
27 
all of the documents which are incorporated herein by reference. Requests for such documents should be 
directed to the Issuer at Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, the Netherlands. In addition, this Base 
Prospectus and any document which is incorporated herein by reference will be made available on the website 
of the Issuer https://www.ingmarkets.com/downloads.  
DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION 
So long as this Base Prospectus is valid as described in Article 12 of the Prospectus Regulation, in 
addition to the documents incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, electronic versions of the 
following 
documents 
will 
be 
available 
on 
the 
website 
of 
ING 
Bank 
N.V. 
(https://www.ingmarkets.com/downloads):  
(i) 
a copy of the ING Bank Registration Document together with any supplements thereto; 
(ii) 
the Articles of Association (statuten) of the Issuer;  
(iii) 
the 2022 Annual Report (containing the audited financial statements as incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as indicated under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above);  
(iv) 
the 2021 Annual Report (containing the audited financial statements as incorporated by reference into 
this Base Prospectus as indicated under “Documents Incorporated by Reference” above); 
(v) 
a copy of this Base Prospectus together with any supplement thereto; and 
(vi) 
each set of Final Terms relating to a Note issued by the Issuer and publicly offered and/or admitted to 
trading on a regulated market. 
SUPPLEMENTS 
If at any time during the duration of the Programme there is a significant new factor, material mistake 
or material inaccuracy relating to the information included in the Base Prospectus which may affect the 
assessment of any Notes and which arises or is noted between the time when the Base Prospectus is approved 
and the closing of the offer period of such Notes or the time when trading of such Notes on a regulated market 
begins, whichever occurs later, the Issuer shall prepare a supplement to the Base Prospectus for use in 
connection with any subsequent offering of Notes to be offered to the public in the EEA or to be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market within the EEA and shall submit to the AFM for approval and, where applicable, 
provide the stock exchange operating the relevant market such number of copies of such supplement or 
replacement document as relevant applicable legislation may require.

--- Page 28 ---
28 
DESCRIPTION OF ING GROENBANK N.V. 
Profile 
 
ING Groenbank N.V., is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ING Bank N.V. and is a public limited company 
(naamloze vennootschap) existing under Dutch law and incorporated on 19 May 1960 for an indefinite duration. Its 
legal name is ING Groenbank N.V. and its trade name is ING Groenbank. ING Groenbank N.V. has its registered 
office at Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, The Netherlands (Tel.: +31 (0)20 584 2528) and its statutory seat 
is in Amsterdam. ING Groenbank N.V. is registered in the Commercial Register of the Chamber of Commerce in 
Amsterdam under No. 33160155. The most recent amendment of the articles of association of ING Groenbank N.V. 
dates to 13 December 2013. ING Groenbank N.V. was established in order to benefit from the opportunities provided 
in The Netherlands by the “Regeling Groenprojecten” and “Fiscale Groenregeling” (the “Groenregeling”), which 
provide for the offering of low-interest loans for new investments which are important for the protection of the 
environment, so-called “Groenleningen”. Private individuals are encouraged to participate in such investments 
through the offering of certain tax benefits. The main objective of ING Groenbank N.V. is to provide ING Bank 
N.V.’s office network with products in relation to the Groenregeling. 
As a subsidiary of ING Bank N.V., the financial results of ING Groenbank N.V. are derived from and 
incorporated in the financial statements of ING Bank N.V. For information about the financial position of ING 
Bank N.V. (including ING Groenbank N.V.), see the sections of the ING Bank Registration Document headed 
“Selected Financial Information” and “Operating and Financial Review and Prospects”, and the section 
“Documents Incorporated by Reference” of this Base Prospectus. 
Principal Activities 
 
Sales of the Groenleningen are conducted through ING Bank N.V.’s office and sales network. ING 
Groenbank N.V. usually attracts its funds through the issuance of deposits (Groendeposito’s). In support of the further 
development of the business, ING Groenbank N.V. will attract its funding through other sources, including through 
the issue of debt securities. 
 
ING Bank N.V. manages and administers ING Groenbank N.V. All obligations of ING Groenbank N.V. 
are fully guaranteed by ING Bank N.V., as further described under “General Information — 403 Declaration and 
ING Bank Guarantee”. 
ING Groenbank N.V. was granted a banking licence by De Nederlandsche Bank on 19 March 1996. ING 
Groenbank N.V. is further subject to detailed banking, financial services and other laws and regulations in each 
jurisdiction in which it operates.  
The Groenregeling 
 
The Groenregeling is a combination of tax measures which stimulate investments which are important for 
the protection of the environment, including nature and forest. The regulations came into force on 1 January 1995. 
As of 2001, the tax measures that simulate these investments are incorporated in articles 5.13, 5.14 and 8.19 of the 
Dutch Income Tax Act 2001 (Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001). Since the introduction of the Groenregeling, a great 
number of sustainable environmental projects have been established. 
Essence of the Groenregeling 
 
In essence, the Dutch government wishes to stimulate investments in “green projects” (groene projecten) 
through the Groenregeling. Therefore, the objective of the Groenregeling is to stimulate private savers and investors 
to support green projects, by offering a beneficial tax treatment for individuals in Box I (income from labour and 
owned housing (inkomsten uit werk en woning)) and Box III (the benefits from savings and investments (voordeel 
uit sparen en beleggen)). This benefit for private individuals consists of a levy rebate (heffingskorting) in Box I and 
a maximized exemption of the yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) in Box III. Investors are therefore willing to accept 
a lower return on their investment and ING Groenbank N.V. can offer lower interest rates for certified green projects.

--- Page 29 ---
29 
In this way, the Groenregeling stimulates the development of green projects, which offer a positive return, but which 
are considered less attractive, because returns are normally less than the market return. The fiscal relief is designed 
to give investors an incentive to invest in green projects. 
Principal Markets 
 
ING Groenbank N.V. operates mainly on the Dutch market both for the issuing of funding instruments 
and for the granting of loans to the clients of ING Bank N.V. for the financing of sustainable projects certified by the 
Dutch government. The market for these sustainable projects can be estimated at a size of about EUR 5.7 billion. 
Based on internal estimates of ING Groenbank N.V. account for about a 20% share of this market. Other parties 
active in this market are (subsidiaries of) the major Dutch banks and a number of specialised, smaller Dutch financial 
institutions. 
Supervisory Board and Executive Board  
 
The management of ING Groenbank N.V. is conducted by an Executive Board and a Supervisory Board. 
Within the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board, no specific functions have been attributed. 
 
The business address of all members of the Executive Board and the Supervisory Board is at the business 
office of ING Groenbank N.V.: ING Groenbank N.V., Bijlmerdreef 106, 1102 CT Amsterdam, The Netherlands, Tel.: 
+31 (0)20 584 2528. 
 
The members of the Executive Board and the principal activities performed by them outside ING 
Groenbank N.V. are currently as follows: 
Name 
 
Principal activities outside ING Groenbank 
N.V. 
Robbert Jan Kromkamp……………………………………..  None 
Alp Sivrioglu…………………………………………………
 
- Member of DV ING Bank Netherlands 
- Member of the ALCO ING Bank Netherlands
- Chairman of the Supervisory Board of 
Interhyp A.G. 
Josca van der Rijt-van Roy 
 None 
 
 
The members of the Supervisory Board and the principal activities performed by them outside ING 
Groenbank N.V. are currently as follows: 
Name 
 
Principal activities outside ING Groenbank 
N.V. 
 
Annemein Kolk……………………………………………… None 
 
Annemieke Tromp…………………………………………...  None 
 
Ruud van Dusschoten………………………………………..
 
- Chairman of the Board of ING Netherlands
(Voorzitter Bestuur Nederland) 
- Chairman of the ING Netherlands Foundation
- Member of the board of the Bankers
Association (NVB)

--- Page 30 ---
30 
Name 
 
Principal activities outside ING Groenbank 
N.V. 
 
- Member of the Employers organization (VNO-
NCW) 
Conflicts of Interest 
 
There are no potential conflicts of interest between any duties owed by the members of the 
Supervisory Board or the Executive Board to ING Groenbank N.V. and any private interests or other duties 
which such persons may have. 
 
Share Capital and Shares 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the authorised capital of ING Groenbank N.V. amounted to 
twenty-two million, seven hundred thousand euros (EUR 22,700,000) and was divided into four million, five 
hundred forty thousand euros (4,540,000) shares, each having a nominal value of five euro (EUR 5). 
For information about ING Bank N.V. (including ING Groenbank N.V.), its business and organisational 
structure, see the section of the ING Bank Registration Document headed “Description of ING Bank N.V. – 
Share Capital and Preference Shares”.

--- Page 31 ---
31 
NOMINAL AMOUNT OF THE PROGRAMME 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement will only be valid for the issue of Notes in an aggregate 
nominal amount, which, when added to the aggregate nominal amount then outstanding of all Notes previously 
or simultaneously issued under the Programme, does not exceed €25,000,000,000 or its equivalent in other 
currencies. For the purpose of calculating the aggregate amount of Notes issued under the Programme from 
time to time, the euro equivalent of Notes denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Notes) shall be determined, at the discretion of the Issuer, as of the date 
of agreement to issue such Notes or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange 
markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale of the euro against 
the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market quoted by any leading bank 
selected by the Issuer on such date.

--- Page 32 ---
32 
FORM OF THE NOTES 
 
Each Tranche of Notes will be initially represented by a temporary bearer global Note or a permanent 
bearer global Note as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, in each case without interest coupons or talons, 
which in either case (i) (if the global Note is stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in New Global 
Note or “NGN” form) will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to the 
Common Safekeeper for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or (ii) (if the global Note is issued in Classic 
Global Note or “CGN” form) will be deposited on the issue date thereof, in the case of Classic Global Notes, 
with a common depositary on behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or with any other agreed 
clearing system.  
Each Tranche of Notes in bearer form issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury regulations section 1.163-
5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form for purposes of section 4701 of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (“TEFRA D”)), initially will be represented by a temporary bearer 
global Note exchangeable for a permanent bearer global Note or definitive Notes in bearer form upon 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership as described below. 
Depositing the Global Note with the Common Safekeeper does not necessarily mean that the Notes will 
be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue, or at any or all times during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria. 
If a Global Note is a CGN, upon the initial deposit of such Global Note with a common depositary for 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and delivery of the relative Global Note to such common depositary, 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will credit each subscriber with a nominal amount of Notes equal to the 
nominal amount thereof for which it has subscribed and paid. If a Global Note is an NGN, the nominal amount 
of the Notes shall be the aggregate amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg. The records of such clearing system shall be conclusive evidence of the nominal amount of Notes 
represented by the Global Note and a statement issued by such clearing system at any time shall be conclusive 
evidence of the records of the relevant clearing system at that time. 
Notes that are initially deposited with a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
may also be credited to the accounts of subscribers with (if indicated in the applicable Final Terms) other 
clearing systems through direct or indirect accounts with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg held by such 
other clearing systems. Conversely, Notes that are initially deposited with any other clearing system may 
similarly be credited to the accounts of subscribers with Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg or other 
clearing systems. 
Whilst any Note is represented by a temporary bearer global Note, payments of principal and interest (if 
any) due prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the temporary 
bearer global Note if it is in CGN form) only to the extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the 
effect that the beneficial owners of such Note are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to 
any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by the relevant clearing system(s) 
and the relevant clearing system(s) has (or have) given a like certification (based on the certifications they have 
received) to the Agent. Any reference in this section to the relevant clearing system(s) shall mean the clearing 
and/or settlement system(s) specified in the applicable Final Terms. On and after the date (the “Exchange 
Date”) which is 40 days after the temporary global Note is issued, interests in the temporary bearer global Note 
will be exchangeable (free of charge), upon request as described therein, either for interests in a permanent 
bearer global Note without interest coupons or talons or, subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws 
and regulations, for definitive Notes in bearer form (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) in each case

--- Page 33 ---
33 
against certification of beneficial ownership as described in the second sentence of this paragraph unless such 
certification has already been given. The holder of a temporary bearer global Note will not be entitled to collect 
any payment of interest or principal due on or after the Exchange Date. The Agent shall arrange that, where a 
further Tranche of Notes in bearer form is issued, the Notes of such Tranche shall be assigned a common code 
and/or ISIN and/or other relevant code (as the case may be) which are different from the common code and/or 
ISIN and/or other relevant code assigned to Notes of any other Tranche of the same Series until at least the 
expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to 
the Notes of such Tranche. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify that a permanent bearer global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for definitive Notes with, where applicable, interest coupons and talons 
attached upon either (i) not less than 60 days’ written notice from Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
(acting on the instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent bearer global Note) to the Agent as 
described therein or (ii) only upon the occurrence of an Exchange Event, subject to mandatory provisions of 
applicable laws and regulations. For these purposes, “Exchange Event” means that (i) an Event of Default (as 
defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default relating to Notes) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes), has 
occurred and is continuing, (ii) the Issuer has been notified that both Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
have been closed for business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of holiday, statutory or 
otherwise) or have announced an intention permanently to cease business or have in fact done so and no 
successor clearing system is available or (iii) the Issuer would suffer adverse tax consequences in respect of the 
Notes as a result of a change in the law or regulations (taxation or otherwise) of any jurisdiction which would 
not be suffered were the Notes in definitive form. The Issuer will promptly give notice to Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 6 (Notices) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes, if an Exchange Event occurs. 
In the event of the occurrence of an Exchange Event, Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (acting on the 
instructions of any holder of an interest in such permanent bearer global Note) may give notice to the Agent 
requesting exchange. Any such exchange shall occur not later than 45 days after the date of receipt of the first 
relevant notice by the Agent. 
If the global Note in bearer form is a CGN, on or after any due date for exchange, the holder may 
surrender such global Note or, in the case of a partial exchange, present it for endorsement to or to the order of 
the Agent. In exchange for any bearer global Note, or the part thereof to be exchanged, the Issuer will (i) in the 
case of a temporary bearer global Note exchangeable for a permanent bearer global Note, deliver, or procure 
the delivery of, a permanent bearer global Note in an aggregate nominal amount equal to that of the whole or 
that part of a temporary bearer global Note that is being exchanged or, in the case of a subsequent exchange, 
endorse, or procure the endorsement of, a permanent bearer global Note to reflect such exchange or (ii) in the 
case of a bearer global Note exchangeable for Notes in definitive form, deliver, or procure the delivery of, an 
equal aggregate nominal amount of duly executed and authenticated Notes in definitive form. If the global Note 
in bearer form is an NGN, the Issuer will procure that details of such exchange be entered pro rata in the records 
of the relevant clearing system. 
Definitive Notes to bearer will be in the standard euro market form. Such Definitive Notes and global 
Notes will be to bearer. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) on a permanent bearer global Note will be made through the 
relevant clearing system(s) (in the case of a permanent bearer global Note in CGN form, payments will be made 
to its bearer against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of the permanent bearer global Note, and in 
the case of a permanent bearer global Note in NGN form, payments will be made to or to the order of the 
Common Safekeeper) without any requirement for certification. If the permanent bearer global Note is in CGN 
form, a record of each payment so made will be endorsed on such global Note, which endorsement will be 
prima facie evidence that such payment has been made in respect of the Notes. If the permanent bearer global

--- Page 34 ---
34 
Note is in NGN form, the Issuer shall procure that details of each payment made shall be entered pro rata in 
the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of payments of principal, the nominal amount of the 
Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing system and represented by the Global Note will be reduced 
accordingly. Each payment so made will discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to 
make the entries in the records of the relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
If so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a permanent bearer global Note will be exchangeable (free 
of charge), in whole but not in part, for security printed definitive Notes in bearer form with, where applicable, 
interest coupons and talons attached upon not less than 60 days’ written notice to the Agent as described therein. 
Global Notes in bearer form and definitive Notes in bearer form will be issued pursuant to the Agency 
Agreement. 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a bearer global Note held on behalf of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, each person who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard 
any certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount 
of such Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes save in the 
case of manifest error) shall, (i) in respect of the giving of any notice under Condition 5(d) (Redemption at the 
Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put)) of the Terms and Conditions of the Notes or (ii) in respect of any 
Event of Default (as defined in Condition 9 (Events of Default relating to Notes) in the Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes) with respect to issues of such Notes, be entitled to give the notice or make the demand in respect 
of the nominal amount of such Notes credited to the account of any such person and for such purposes shall be 
deemed to be a Noteholder. Notes which are represented by a bearer global Note held by a common depositary 
or Common Safekeeper for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Where a global Note is an NGN, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, cancellation, 
exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in the records of the 
relevant clearing systems and, upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount of the Notes represented 
by such Global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
A Note may be accelerated by the holder thereof in certain circumstances described in Condition 9 
(Events of Default relating to Notes) in the Terms and Conditions of the Notes (such circumstances being Events 
of Default). In such circumstances, where any Note is still represented by a bearer global Note and a holder of 
such Note so represented and credited to its securities account with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
gives notice that it wishes to accelerate such Note, unless, within a period of 15 days of the giving of such 
notice, payment has been made in full of the amount due in accordance with the terms of such bearer global 
Note, such bearer global Note will become void. At the same time, holders of interests in such bearer global 
Note credited to their accounts with Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg will become entitled to proceed 
directly against the Issuer on the basis of statements of account provided by Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, on and subject to the terms of the relevant Global Note. 
In case of Notes which have a denomination consisting of a minimum Specified Denomination plus one 
or more higher integral multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that the Notes may be traded in 
amounts that are not integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denomination. So long as such Notes are 
represented by a global Note and the relevant clearing system(s) so permit, these Notes will be tradable only in 
the minimum Specified Denomination increased with integral multiples of such a smaller amount, 
notwithstanding that Notes in definitive form shall only be issued up to but excluding twice the minimum 
Specified Denomination.

--- Page 35 ---
35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE NOTES 
The following, other than this paragraph in italics, are the Terms and Conditions of Notes which will be 
incorporated by reference into each global Note and which will be incorporated into (or, if permitted by the 
relevant stock exchange and agreed between the Issuer (which shall mean, in respect of a Tranche of Notes, the 
Issuer of those Notes) and the relevant Dealer (if any), incorporated by reference into) each definitive Note. 
The applicable Final Terms for this Note are set out in Part A of the Final Terms which will be incorporated 
into, or attached to, each global Note and definitive Note in the standard euromarket form and which 
supplement these Terms and Conditions and, in the case of a Tranche of Notes which is neither admitted to 
trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in 
circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended 
or superseded) (“Exempt Notes”), the Final Terms may specify other terms and conditions which shall, to the 
extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with these Terms and Conditions, replace or modify the Terms 
and Conditions for the purposes of this Tranche of Notes.  
This Note is one of a series of Notes issued by ING Groenbank N.V. (the “Issuer”, which expression 
shall include any Substituted Debtor pursuant to Condition 155) pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). References herein to the “Notes” shall be references to the Notes of this Series (as defined below) and 
shall mean (i) in relation to any Notes represented by a global Note, units of the lowest Specified Denomination 
in the Specified Currency, (ii) definitive Notes issued in exchange (or part exchange) for a global Note and (iii) 
any global Note in sub-paragraph 19 (“Form of Notes”) of the applicable Final Terms.  
The Notes and the Coupons (as defined below) have the benefit of an amended and restated agency 
agreement dated as of 3 November 2023 (as modified, supplemented and/or restated as at the Issue Date, the 
“Agency Agreement”) and made among the Issuer, ING Bank N.V., The Bank of New York Mellon, London 
Branch, as issuing and principal paying agent (the “Agent”, which expression shall include any successor agent) 
and the other paying agents named therein (together with the Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression 
shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
Interest bearing definitive Notes in standard euromarket form (unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms) have interest coupons (“Coupons”) and, if indicated in the applicable Final Terms, 
talons for further Coupons (“Talons”) attached on issue. Any reference herein to Coupons or coupons shall, 
unless the context otherwise requires, be deemed to include a reference to Talons or talons. Any reference herein 
to “Noteholders” shall mean the holders of the Notes and shall, in relation to any Notes represented by a global 
Note, be construed as provided below. Any reference herein to “Couponholders” shall mean the holders of the 
Coupons, and shall, unless the context otherwise requires, include the holders of the Talons. 
The Final Terms for this Note attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated herein (as the case 
may be) supplement the Conditions and, in respect of Notes which are neither admitted to trading on a regulated 
market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended or superseded) (“Exempt 
Notes”), may specify other conditions which shall, to the extent so specified or to the extent inconsistent with 
these Conditions, replace or modify the Conditions for the purposes of this Note. References herein to the 
“applicable Final Terms” are to the Final Terms attached hereto or applicable hereto or incorporated herein (as 
the case may be). 
As used herein, “Tranche” means Notes which are identical in all respects (including as to listing) and 
“Series” means a Tranche of Notes together with any further Tranche or Tranches of Notes which are (i) 
expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (ii) are identical in all respects (including as to listing) 
except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices.

--- Page 36 ---
36 
Copies of the Agency Agreement and the Final Terms applicable to this Note may be obtained from and 
are available for inspection at the specified offices of each of the Agent and the Paying Agents and from the 
Issuer, save that Final Terms relating to a Note for which a prospectus is not required to be published in 
accordance with Regulation EU 2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”), will only be available for 
inspection by a Noteholder upon such Noteholder producing evidence as to identity satisfactory to the relevant 
Paying Agent or the Issuer (as the case may be). Requests for such documents from the Issuer should be directed 
to it at Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, the Netherlands. The Noteholders and the Couponholder are 
deemed to have notice of, and are entitled to the benefit of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement, the 
applicable Final Terms which are binding on them. 
ING Bank N.V. shall undertake the duties of calculation agent (the “Calculation Agent”) in respect of 
the Notes unless another entity is so specified as calculation agent in the applicable Final Terms. The expression 
Calculation Agent shall, in relation to the relevant Notes, include such other specified calculation agent. Words 
and expressions defined in the Agency Agreement or used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same 
meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated. 
1 
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Notes are in bearer form, in the currency in which payment in respect of the Notes is to be made 
(the “Specified Currency”) and in the denomination per Note specified to be applicable to the Notes (the 
“Specified Denomination”), all as specified in the applicable Final Terms and, in the case of definitive Notes, 
serially numbered. Notes of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for Notes of another Specified 
Denomination.  
This Note will be a Note bearing interest on a fixed rate basis (“Fixed Rate Note”), in accordance with 
the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Definitive Notes are issued with Coupons attached.  
Subject as set out below, title to the Notes and Coupons will pass by delivery. Except as ordered by a 
court of competent jurisdiction or as required by law or applicable regulations, the Issuer, the Agent, the 
Replacement Agent (as defined in the Agency Agreement) and any Paying Agent may deem and treat the bearer 
of any Note or Coupon as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any notice 
of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes but, in the case 
of any global Note, without prejudice to the provisions set out in the succeeding paragraph. 
For so long as any of the Notes are represented by a global Note held on behalf of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”), each person (other 
than Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg) who is for the time being shown in the records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as the holder of a particular nominal amount of such Notes (in which regard any 
certificate or other document issued by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as to the nominal amount of 
Notes standing to the account of any person shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, save in the case 
of manifest error) shall be treated by the Issuer, the Replacement Agent, the Agent and any Paying Agent as the 
holder of such nominal amount of such Notes for all purposes other than with respect to the payment of principal 
or interest on the Notes, for which purpose the bearer of the relevant global Note shall be treated by the Issuer, 
the Replacement Agent, the Agent and any Paying Agent as the holder of such Notes in accordance with and 
subject to the terms of the relevant global Note (and the expressions “Noteholder” and “holder of Notes” and 
related expressions shall be construed accordingly). Notes which are represented by a global Note held by a 
common depositary or common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg will be transferable 
only in accordance with the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be.

--- Page 37 ---
37 
References to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system approved by the Issuer and the 
Agent. 
2 
Status of the Notes 
The Notes and the relative Coupons are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer and rank 
pari passu among themselves and equally with all other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer 
from time to time outstanding, save as otherwise provided by law. 
In respect of Condition 2, reference is made to bail-in as referred to in the section entitled “Risk Factors” 
in the ING Bank Registration Document, including without limitation under the heading “Risk Factors - Risks 
related to the regulation and supervision of the Group - The Issuer is subject to several bank recovery and 
resolution regimes that include statutory write down and conversion as well as other powers, which remains 
subject to significant uncertainties as to scope and impact on it” and “Description of ING Bank N.V - 
Regulation and Supervision - Bank Recovery and Resolution Directive’. 
3 
Interest 
 
Interest on Fixed Rate Notes 
Each Fixed Rate Note bears interest on its outstanding nominal amount from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest so specified payable in 
arrear on the Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date. 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, and subject to the immediately following paragraph, 
the amount of interest payable on each Interest Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period 
ending on (but excluding) such date will amount to the Fixed Coupon Amount. Payments of interest on 
any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the Broken 
Amount so specified. As used in these Conditions, “Fixed Interest Period” means the period from (and 
including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next 
(or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If “Interest Amount Adjustment” is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, (a) any 
Interest Payment Date otherwise falling on a day which is not a Business Day (as defined in Condition 
3 below) will be postponed or brought forward (as applicable) in accordance with the Business Day 
Convention set out in the applicable Final Terms (as described below) and (b) the amount of interest 
payable on such Interest Payment Date will be adjusted accordingly and the provisions of Condition 3(b) 
below shall apply. 
If “Interest Amount Adjustment” is specified as not to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms, and 
assuming a Business Day Convention has been specified, any Interest Payment Date otherwise falling 
on a day which is not a Business Day will be postponed or brought forward (as applicable) in accordance 
with the Business Day Convention set out in the applicable Final Terms (as described below) and there 
will be no corresponding adjustment of the amount of interest payable on such Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to each Specified Denomination 
(or the Calculation Amount if one is specified to be applicable in the applicable Final Terms), multiplying 
the resulting sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction and rounding the resultant figure to the nearest 
sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards or 
otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. If a Calculation Amount is specified to be

--- Page 38 ---
38 
applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable in respect of a Note shall be 
calculated by the Calculation Agent by multiplying the amount of interest (determined in the manner 
provided above) for the Calculation Amount by the amount by which the Calculation Amount must be 
multiplied to reach the Specified Denomination of such Note without any further rounding. If, however, 
the applicable Final Terms specify that Aggregate Nominal Amount Determination is applicable, then, 
if interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, such interest shall 
be calculated by the Calculation Agent by applying the Rate of Interest to the outstanding aggregate 
nominal amount of the relevant series of Notes, multiplying the resulting sum by the applicable Day 
Count Fraction, dividing the resultant figure by the number of such Notes, and rounding the resultant 
figure(s) down to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency. 
In these Conditions: 
“Day Count Fraction” shall have the meaning set out in Condition 3(b) below. 
“Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms or, if none is so 
specified, the Interest Payment Date; 
“Determination Period” means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to but excluding 
the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or the final 
Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first Determination 
Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date or such other date as may be specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” means the date specified as such in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“sub-unit” means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, means 1 cent. 
 
Business Day Conventions and Day Count Fractions  
(i) 
Business Day Convention 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(1) 
the Following Business Day Convention (Adjusted), such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day; or 
(2) 
the Following Business Day Convention (Unadjusted), (i) for the purpose of calculating 
the amount of interest payable under the Notes, such Interest Payment Date shall not be 
adjusted and (ii) for any other purpose, such Interest Payment Date shall be postponed to 
the next day that is a Business Day; or 
(3) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention (Adjusted), such Interest Payment Date 
shall be postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day; or 
(4) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention (Unadjusted), (i) for the purpose of 
calculating the amount of interest payable under the Notes, such Interest Payment Date

--- Page 39 ---
39 
shall not be adjusted and (ii) for any other purpose, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day that is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into the next 
calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought forward to 
the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day; or 
(5) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (Adjusted), such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day; or 
(6) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention (Unadjusted), (i) for the purpose of calculating 
the amount of interest payable under the Notes, such Interest Payment Date shall not be 
adjusted and (ii) for any other purpose, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding day that is a Business Day. 
In these Conditions, “Business Day” means a day which is both: 
(A) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified or (2) in relation to 
interest payable in euro, any day on which the real time gross settlement system operated 
by the Eurosystem, or any successor system (“T2”) is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro (the “TARGET Business Day”); and 
(B) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in any Additional Business Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(ii) 
Day Count Fraction 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest on any Fixed Rate 
Note for any period of time (from and including the first day of such period to but excluding the last) 
(whether or not constituting a Fixed Interest Period, the “Calculation Period”) in accordance with this 
Condition 3: 
(A) if “Actual/Actual” or “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual 
number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of that Calculation 
Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (i) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation 
Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (ii) the actual number of days in that portion of the 
Calculation Period falling in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(B) if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 365; 
(C) if “Actual/365 (Sterling)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Calculation Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date falling in a leap 
year, 366; 
(D) if “Actual/360” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360; 
(E) if “30/360”, “360/360” or “Bond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of 
days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1)

--- Page 40 ---
40 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 29, in which case 
D2 will be 30;  
(F) if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days 
in the Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(G) if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the 
Calculation Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =  
[360 x (Y2 -Y1)] + [30 x (M2 -M1)]+ (D2 -D1) 
 
360 
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 41 ---
41 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last day 
included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, unless (i) that 
day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day included in 
the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the Maturity Date or 
(ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(H) if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
(a) 
if the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which 
it falls, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (x) the 
number of days in such Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Periods 
normally ending in any year; and 
(b) 
if the Calculation Period is longer than one Determination Period, the sum of: 
(x) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Determination Period 
in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending 
in any year; and 
(y) 
the number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Determination 
Period divided by the product of (1) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (2) the number of Determination Periods normally ending in any year; 
and 
(I) if “1/1” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, one. 
(iii) 
Notification of Interest Amount 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period, the 
Calculation Agent will cause the amount of interest for the relevant Interest Payment Date to be 
notified to the Issuer and any stock exchange on which the relevant Notes are for the time being 
admitted to trading or listed and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 6 as 
soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth London Business 
Day (as defined below) thereafter. Each such amount of interest and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of 
adjustment) without prior notice in the event of postponing or bringing forward the Interest 
Payment Date. Any such amendment will be promptly notified to each stock exchange on which 
the relevant Notes are for the time being admitted to trading or listed and to the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 6. For the purposes of this paragraph (vii), the expression “London 
Business Day” means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in London. 
(iv) 
Certificates to be Final

--- Page 42 ---
42 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this Condition 
3 by the Calculation Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) be 
binding on the Issuer, the Agent or, if applicable, the Calculation Agent, as the case may be, the 
other Paying Agents and all Noteholders and Couponholders and (in the absence as aforesaid) no 
liability to the Issuer, the Noteholders or the Couponholders shall attach to the Agent or, if 
applicable, the Calculation Agent, the Issuer or that other agent in connection with the exercise 
or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
 
Accrual of Interest 
Each Note (or, in the case of the redemption of part only of a Note, that part only of such Note) will 
cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption unless, upon due presentation thereof, 
payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused. In such event, interest will continue to accrue 
until whichever is the earlier of: 
(1) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Note have been paid; and 
(2) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable has been received by the 
Agent and notice to that effect has been given in accordance with Condition 6 or individually. 
 
Interest Rates Positive 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Notes shall never be less than zero. If the method for determining a rate of interest applicable to the 
Notes would result in a negative figure, the applicable rate of interest will be deemed to be zero. 
4 
Payments 
(a) 
Method of Payment 
Subject as provided below: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by transfer to an account in the 
relevant Specified Currency maintained and specified by the payee with, or by a cheque in such 
Specified Currency drawn on, a bank in the principal financial centre of the country of such 
Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the payee. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 7 and (ii) any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue 
Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, 
any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to 
the provisions of Condition 9) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Presentation of Notes and Coupons 
Payments of principal in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made in the 
manner provided in Condition 4(a) above only against surrender of definitive Notes, and payments of 
interest in respect of definitive Notes will (subject as provided below) be made as aforesaid only against 
surrender of Coupons, in each case at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States

--- Page 43 ---
43 
(which expression, as used herein, means the United States of America (including the State and District 
of Columbia, its territories, its possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)). 
Notes in definitive bearer form (other than Long Maturity Notes (as defined below)) should be presented 
for payment together with all unmatured Coupons appertaining thereto (which expression shall for this 
purpose include Coupons falling to be issued on exchange of matured Talons), failing which the amount 
of any missing unmatured Coupon (or, in the case of payment not being made in full, the same proportion 
of the amount of such missing unmatured Coupon as the sum so paid bears to the sum due) will be 
deducted from the sum due for payment. Each amount of principal so deducted will be paid in the manner 
mentioned above against surrender of the relative missing Coupon at any time before the expiry of 10 
years after the Relevant Date (as defined below) in respect of such principal (whether or not such Coupon 
would otherwise have become void under Condition 8) or, if later, five years from the date on which 
such Coupon would otherwise have become due, but in no event thereafter. Upon any such Note 
becoming due and repayable prior to its Maturity Date, all unmatured Talons (if any) appertaining thereto 
will become void and no further Coupons will be issued in respect thereof. 
As used herein, the “Relevant Date” means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except 
that, if the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6. 
A “Long Maturity Note” is a Note (other than a Note which on issue had a Talon attached) whose 
nominal amount on issue is less than the aggregate interest payable thereon, provided that such Note 
shall cease to be a Long Maturity Note on the Interest Payment Date on which the aggregate amount of 
interest remaining to be paid after that date is less than the nominal amount of such Note. 
If the due date for redemption of any definitive Note is not an Interest Payment Date, interest (if any) 
accrued in respect of such Note from (and including) the preceding Interest Payment Date or, as the case 
may be, the Interest Commencement Date shall be payable only against surrender of the relevant 
definitive Note. 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by any global Note will 
(subject as provided below) be made in the manner specified above in relation to definitive Notes and 
otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant global Note (in the case of a global Note not in New 
Global Note form, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such global Note at the 
specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States, and, in the case of a global Note in New 
Global Note form, by payment to or to the order of the common safekeeper for such global Note). A 
record of each payment made against presentation or surrender of any such global Note not in New 
Global Note form, distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be 
made on such global Note by such Paying Agent and such record shall be prima facie evidence that the 
payment in question has been made. If a global Note is in New Global Note form, the Issuer shall procure 
that details of each payment of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Notes represented by the New 
Global Note shall be entered pro rata in the records of the relevant clearing system and, in the case of 
payments of principal, the nominal amount of the Notes recorded in the records of the relevant clearing 
system and represented by the global Note will be reduced accordingly. Each payment so made will 
discharge the Issuer’s obligations in respect thereof. Any failure to make the entries in the records of the 
relevant clearing system shall not affect such discharge. 
Where a global Note is a New Global Note, the Issuer shall procure that any exchange, payment, 
cancellation, exercise of any option or any right under the Notes, as the case may be, shall be entered in

--- Page 44 ---
44 
the records of the relevant clearing systems and, upon any such entry being made, the nominal amount 
of the Notes represented by such global Note shall be adjusted accordingly. 
The holder of a global Note shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect of Notes 
represented by such global Note and the Issuer will be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, such 
holder of the global Note in respect of each amount so paid. Each of the persons shown in the records of 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Notes 
represented by such global Note must look solely to Euroclear, Clearstream or Luxembourg, as the case 
may be, for his share of each payment so made by the Issuer to, or to the order of, the holder of such 
global Note. No person other than the holder of such global Note shall have any claim against the Issuer 
in respect of any payments due on that global Note. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, U.S. dollar payments of principal and interest in respect of Notes will 
be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the United States (which expression, as used herein, 
means the United States of America (including the States and the District of Columbia, its territories, its 
possessions and other areas subject to its jurisdiction)) if: 
(i) 
the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest on 
the Notes in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside the 
United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar restrictions 
on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of the 
Issuer, adverse tax consequences to the Issuer. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
Unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms in relation to a Tranche of Notes, if the date for 
payment of any amount in respect of any Note or Coupon is not a Payment Day, the holder thereof shall 
not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and shall not be 
entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay. For these purposes (unless otherwise 
specified in the applicable Final Terms), “Payment Day” means any day which (subject to Condition 8) 
is: 
(i) 
either (1) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the principal 
financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency or (2) in relation to any sum 
payable in euro, a TARGET Business Day;  
(ii) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in: 
(A) 
in respect of Notes in definitive form, the relevant place of presentation; and 
(B) 
any Additional Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Notwithstanding anything else in these Conditions, in the event that an Interest Payment Date is brought 
forward under Condition 3(b) through the operation of a Business Day Convention in circumstances

--- Page 45 ---
45 
which were not reasonably foreseeable by the Issuer, the relevant Payment Day shall be the first Payment 
Day after the Interest Payment Date as so brought forward. 
(d) 
Interpretation of Principal 
Any reference in these Conditions to principal in respect of the Notes shall be deemed to include, as 
applicable: 
(i) 
the amount at which each Note will be redeemed on the Maturity Date of the Notes (“Final 
Redemption Amount”); 
(ii) 
the redemption amount in respect of Notes payable on redemption for taxation reasons or 
following an Event of Default (“Early Redemption Amount”); 
(iii) 
the Optional Redemption Amount(s) (if any) of the Notes; and 
(iv) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Issuer 
under or in respect of the Notes. 
5 
Redemption and Purchase 
(a) 
At Maturity 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled as specified below, each Note will be redeemed 
by the Issuer at its Final Redemption Amount or, in the case of an Instalment Note, at its final Instalment 
Amount, specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date. 
(b) 
Redemption for Tax Reasons (Tax Call) 
If the Issuer, on the occasion of the next payment due in respect of the Notes, would be required to 
withhold or account for tax in respect of the Notes, then the Issuer shall forthwith give notice of such 
circumstance to Noteholders. In such event, the Issuer may, but shall not be obliged to, on giving not 
more than 30 nor less than 5 days’ notice to the Noteholders (or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms), and, upon expiry of such notice, redeem all but not some of the Notes at 
their Early Redemption Amount or, as the case may be, the Fair Market Value Early Redemption 
Amount. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing: 
(i) 
if the applicable Final Terms provide for the Monetisation Option to apply and a Noteholder 
elects the Early Redemption Amount to be the Monetisation Early Redemption Amount as 
described in Condition 5(e)(i) below, in accordance with Condition 5(i) below, the Monetisation 
Early Redemption Amount will be payable by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholder on the 
Maturity Date and no other amounts will be payable to the Noteholder in respect of such Note 
from the expiry of the Redemption Notice to the Maturity Date; and 
(ii) 
if any of the taxes referred to above arises (A) by reason of any Noteholder’s connection with 
any particular jurisdiction otherwise than by reason only of the holding of any Note or receiving 
or being entitled to principal or interest in respect thereof or (B) by reason of the failure by the 
relevant Noteholder to comply with any applicable procedures required to establish non-
residence or other similar claim for exemption from such tax, then, to the extent it is able to do 
so, the Issuer shall deduct such taxes from the amounts payable to such Noteholder and all other 
Noteholders shall receive the due amounts payable to them.

--- Page 46 ---
46 
(c) 
Redemption at the Option of the Issuer (Issuer Call) 
If Issuer Call is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may, having given: 
(i) 
not less than 5 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6; and 
(ii) 
not less than 1 day before the giving of the notice referred to in paragraph (i) above, notice to the 
Agent, 
(both of which notices shall be irrevocable) redeem all or some only of the Notes then outstanding on 
the Optional Redemption Date(s) and at the Optional Redemption Amount(s) specified in the applicable 
Final Terms together, if appropriate, with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption 
Date(s). 
Any such redemption must be of a nominal amount not less than the Minimum Redemption Amount (if 
any) or not more than the Maximum Redemption Amount (if any), in each case as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms. In the case of a partial redemption of Notes, the Notes to be redeemed 
(“Redeemed Notes”) will be selected individually by lot, in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by 
definitive Notes, and in accordance with the rules of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be 
reflected in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction 
in nominal amount, at their discretion), in the case of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note, not 
more than 30 days prior to the date fixed for redemption (or such other period as is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms) (such date of selection being hereinafter called the “Selection Date”). In the 
case of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes, a list of the serial numbers of such Redeemed 
Notes will be published in accordance with Condition 6 not less than 5 days prior to the date fixed for 
redemption.  
The aggregate nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by definitive Notes shall bear the same 
proportion to the aggregate nominal amount of all Redeemed Notes as the aggregate nominal amount of 
definitive Notes outstanding bears to the aggregate nominal amount of the Notes outstanding, in each 
case on the Selection Date, provided that such first mentioned nominal amount shall, if necessary, be 
rounded downwards to the nearest integral multiple of the Specified Denomination, and the aggregate 
nominal amount of Redeemed Notes represented by a global Note shall be equal to the balance of the 
Redeemed Notes. No exchange of the relevant global Note will be permitted during the period from and 
including the Selection Date to and including the date fixed for redemption pursuant to this Condition 
7(c) and notice to that effect shall be given by the Issuer to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
6 at least five days prior to the Selection Date. 
(d) 
Redemption at the Option of the Noteholders (Investor Put) 
If Investor Put is specified in the applicable Final Terms, upon the holder of any Note giving to the Issuer 
in accordance with Condition 6 not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of 
notice as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) (which notice shall be irrevocable), the Issuer will, 
upon the expiry of such notice, redeem, subject to, and in accordance with, the terms specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, in whole (but not in part), such Note on the Optional Redemption Date and at 
the Optional Redemption Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms together, if appropriate, with 
interest accrued to (but excluding) the Optional Redemption Date. 
To exercise the right to require redemption of this Note the holder of this Note must, if this Note is in 
definitive form and held outside Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, deliver at the specified office 
of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent, falling within the

--- Page 47 ---
47 
notice period, a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the specified office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) and in which the holder must 
specify a bank account (or, if payment is required to be made by cheque, an address) to which payment 
is to be made under this Condition 5(d) accompanied by this Note or evidence satisfactory to the Paying 
Agent concerned that this Note will, following delivery of the Put Notice, be held to its order or under 
its control. If this Note is represented by a global Note or is in definitive form and held through Euroclear 
or Clearstream, Luxembourg, to exercise the right to require redemption of this Note, the holder of this 
Note must, within the notice period concerned, give notice of such exercise in accordance with the 
standard procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, (which may include notice being given 
on its instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, or any common depositary for them, to the 
Agent by electronic means), in a form acceptable to Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg from time 
to time and, at the same time, present or procure the presentation of the relevant global Note to the Agent 
for notation accordingly.  
Any Put Notice given by a holder of any Note pursuant to this Condition 5(d) shall be irrevocable except 
where prior to the due date of redemption an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing in 
which event such holder, at its option, may elect by notice to the Issuer to withdraw the notice given 
pursuant to this Condition 5(d) and instead to declare such Note forthwith due and payable pursuant to 
Condition 9. 
(e) 
Early Redemption Amounts 
For the purposes of Condition 5(b) above, Condition 5(i) below and Condition 11, each Note will be 
redeemed at the Early Redemption Amount calculated as follows: 
(i) 
if the Early Redemption Amount is being calculated for the purposes of Condition 5(b) above and 
the applicable Final Terms provide for the “Monetisation Option” to apply, the Monetisation 
Early Redemption Amount or the Fair Market Value Early Redemption Amount, as elected by the 
Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5(j) below, provided that if no valid election is made 
by the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 5(j) below, the Early Redemption Amount will 
be the Fair Market Value Early Redemption Amount, where: 
“Monetisation Early Redemption Amount” means an amount determined by the Calculation 
Agent in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner using the following formula: 
(S + D) x (1+r)n 
where 
“S” means the fair market value of the savings component of one Note on the Determination Date 
determined on the basis of a discount rate equal to “r”; 
“D” means the fair market value of the derivative component of one Note on the Determination 
Date;  
“r” means the Calculation Agent’s determination of the rate of interest per annum that would be 
offered on the Determination Date by the Issuer on a debt instrument issued by the Issuer with a 
maturity equal to the period from (and including) the Determination Date to (but excluding) the 
Maturity Date of the Note; and 
“n” means the number of years from the Determination Date to the Maturity Date of the Note. 
“Fair Market Value Early Redemption Amount” means the fair market value of the Note on 
the date upon which such Note becomes due and payable.

--- Page 48 ---
48 
If this Condition 5(e)(i) applies, then no additional cost (other than the ones that cannot be 
avoided to redeem the Notes) shall be charged to the Noteholders. In addition, the Early 
Redemption Amount calculated pursuant to this Condition 5(e)(i) shall also include a 
reimbursement from the Issuer to the holder of each Note, prorate temporis (calculated from the 
Determination Date to the Maturity Date), of the costs (in respect of such Note, such as the 
structuring costs), if any, initially paid by the Noteholders of such Note to the Issuer on the Issue 
Date via the Issue Price. 
(ii) 
if the Early Redemption Amount is being calculated for the purposes of Condition 5(i) below or 
Condition 9 and/or the applicable Final Terms do not provide for the “Monetisation Option” to 
apply: 
(A) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount equal to its nominal amount, at the 
Final Redemption Amount thereof, together with interest (if any) accrued to (but 
excluding) the date of redemption, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
in the case of a Note with a Final Redemption Amount which is or may be less or greater 
than its nominal amount or which is payable in a Specified Currency other than that in 
which the Notes are denominated, at the amount specified in the applicable Final Terms 
or, if no such amount is so specified in the applicable Final Terms, at its nominal amount, 
together in each case with interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date of 
redemption; or 
(C) 
in the case of a Note for which the applicable Final Terms provide for the Early 
Redemption Amount to be equal to the Fair Market Value of the Note, the Calculation 
Agent shall calculate the Early Redemption Amount in its discretion by determining the 
fair market value of the Note two Business Days (or such other period as is specified in 
the applicable Final Terms) prior to (x) the date fixed for redemption or (y) (as the case 
may be) the date upon which such Note becomes due and payable (unless specified 
otherwise in the Final Terms, taking into account the cost to the Issuer of amending or 
liquidating any financial instruments or transactions entered into by the Issuer in 
connection with the Note, together with any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the 
Issuer in respect of any such financial instruments or transactions). 
(f) 
Purchases 
The Issuer may, whether in the context of market making or otherwise, purchase Notes (provided that, 
in the case of definitive Notes, all unmatured Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto are purchased 
therewith) at any price in the open market or otherwise. Such Notes may be held, re-issued, resold or, at 
the option of the Issuer, surrendered to any Paying Agent for cancellation. 
(g) 
Cancellation 
All Notes which are redeemed will forthwith be cancelled (together with all unmatured Coupons and 
Talons attached thereto or surrendered therewith at the time of redemption). All Notes so cancelled and 
the Notes purchased and cancelled pursuant to Condition 5(f) above (together with all unmatured 
Coupons and Talons cancelled therewith) shall be forwarded to the Agent and cannot be re-issued or 
resold.

--- Page 49 ---
49 
(h) 
Redemption – Other 
If “Clean-Up Call” is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms, the Issuer may at any time, 
on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or such other period of notice as is specified 
in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6, redeem all but not 
some of the Notes for the time being outstanding at their Optional Redemption Amount, together with 
interest (if any) accrued to (but excluding) the date of redemption, if, prior to the date of such notice, 75 
per cent. (or such other percentage as is specified in the applicable Final Terms) or more in nominal 
amount of the Notes hitherto issued have been redeemed or purchased and cancelled. 
In addition, the Issuer may (i) at any time, on giving not less than 15 nor more than 30 days’ notice (or 
such other period of notice as specified in the applicable Final Terms) to the Noteholders in accordance 
with Condition 6, redeem the Notes for the time being outstanding on such other terms as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms and (ii) issue Notes which may be redeemed in other 
circumstances specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount, each Instalment 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) payable in respect of the Notes shall be 
rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being 
rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the Final Redemption Amount, each Instalment 
Amount or the Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) payable in respect of the Notes shall 
never be less than zero. If the formula or other method for determining the Final Redemption Amount, 
an Instalment Amount or the Early Redemption Amount (as the case may be) applicable to the Notes 
would result in a negative figure, the Final Redemption Amount, such Instalment Amount or the Early 
Redemption Amount (as the case may be) will be deemed to be zero. 
(i) 
Monetisation Option 
In the case of a Note for which (x) the applicable Final Terms provide for the “Monetisation Option” to 
apply and (y) the Issuer has served notice to the Noteholders of its intention to redeem all but not some 
of the Notes (the “Redemption Notice”) at their Early Redemption Amount in accordance with 
Condition 5(b) (the date of service of such Redemption Notice being the “Determination Date”), each 
Noteholder may elect that the Early Redemption Amount for a Note be either the Monetisation Early 
Redemption Amount or the Fair Value Early Redemption as described in Condition 5(e)(i) above. 
In order to make such election a Noteholder must provide notice of its election to the Issuer not later 
than the date specified in the applicable Final Terms (such date being the “Monetisation Option 
Election Cut-Off Date”) (which notice shall be irrevocable). A valid election will be deemed to have 
been made in respect of a Note if, the Noteholder in respect of such Note, provides a notice of election 
to the Issuer on or before the Monetisation Option Election Cut-Off Date. For the avoidance of doubt, if 
a Noteholder fails to notify the Issuer of its election on or before the Monetisation Option Election Cut-
Off Date, the Early Redemption Amount in respect of such Note will be the Fair Value Early Redemption 
Amount. 
If a Noteholder validly elects that the Early Redemption Amount for a Note is the Monetisation Early 
Redemption Amount, such amount will be payable by the Issuer to the relevant Noteholder on the 
Maturity Date and no other amounts will be payable to the Noteholder in respect of such Note from the 
expiry of the Redemption Notice to the Maturity Date.

--- Page 50 ---
50 
If the Notes are represented by a global Note or are in definitive form and held through Euroclear, or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, to make an election under this Condition 7(k), the holder of a Note must, 
within the notice period concerned, give notice of such election in accordance with the standard 
procedures of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which may include notice being given on his 
instruction by Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg by electronic means), in a form acceptable to 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg from time to time. 
6 
Notices 
All notices required to be given pursuant to the Conditions regarding the Notes shall be published (i) in 
at least one daily newspaper of wide circulation in the Netherlands and (ii) if and for so long as the Notes are 
admitted to trading on the market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange appearing on the list of regulated markets 
issued by the European Commission and the rules of such exchange so require, in a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg or on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). It is 
expected that such publication will be made in Het Financieele Dagblad in the Netherlands and either in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg (expected to be the Luxemburger Wort) or on the website of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). Any such notice will be deemed to have been given on the 
date of the first publication in all the newspapers and/or on the website in which such publication is required to 
be made. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as the global Note(s) is or are held 
in its or their entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, Clearstream, be substituted for 
such publication in any newspaper or website by the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (as the case may be) for communication by them to the holders of the Notes and, in 
addition, for so long as any Notes are listed or admitted to trading on a stock exchange and the rules of that 
stock exchange (or any other relevant authority) so require, such notice will be published in the manner required 
by the rules of that stock exchange (or such other relevant authority). Any such notice delivered on or prior to 
4:00 p.m. (local time) on a business day in the city in which it is delivered will be deemed to have been given 
to the holders of the Notes on such business day. A notice delivered after 4:00 p.m. (local time) on a business 
day in the city in which it is delivered will be deemed to have been given to the holders of the Notes on the next 
following business day in such city. 
Notices to be given by any holder of the Notes shall be in writing and given by lodging the same, together 
with the relative Note or Notes, with the Agent. Whilst any of the Notes are represented by a global Note, such 
notice may be given by any holder of a Note to the Agent and/or Registrar via Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and/or Registrar and Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
7 
Taxation 
The Issuer shall not be liable for or otherwise obliged to pay any tax, duty, withholding or other payment 
which may arise as a result of the ownership, transfer, presentation or surrender for payment or enforcement of 
any Note and all payments made by the Issuer shall be made subject to any such tax, duty, withholding or other 
payment which may be required to be made, paid, withheld or deducted. 
Condition relating to FATCA 
Notwithstanding any other provision in these Conditions, the Issuer shall be permitted to withhold or deduct 
any amounts imposed or required (i) pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code 
of 1986, as amended (the “Code”), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any 
agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b) of the Code, or any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or

--- Page 51 ---
51 
practices adopted pursuant to any intergovernmental agreement entered into in connection with the 
implementation of such Sections of the Code (or any fiscal or regulatory legislation implementing such an 
intergovernmental agreement) (a “FATCA Withholding”). Neither the Issuer nor any other person will be 
required to pay additional amounts to the Noteholders in respect of a FATCA Withholding. 
8 
Prescription 
Claims against the Issuer for payments in respect of the Notes and Coupons will become void unless 
made within a period of five years of the date on which such payment first becomes due. 
There shall not be included in any Coupon sheet issued on exchange of a Talon any Coupon the claim 
for payment in respect of which would be void pursuant to this Condition 8 or Condition 4(b) or any Talon 
which would be void pursuant to Condition 4(b). 
9 
Events of Default relating to Notes 
If any one or more of the following events (each an “Event of Default”) shall have occurred 
and be continuing in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer: 
(i) 
default is made for more than 30 days in the payment of interest or principal in respect of the 
Notes; or 
(ii) 
the Issuer fails to perform or observe any of its other obligations under the Notes and such failure 
has continued for the period of 60 days next following the service on the Issuer of notice requiring 
the same to be remedied; or 
(iii) 
the Issuer is declared bankrupt (failliet verklaard) or granted a moratorium (surseance van 
betaling); or 
(iv) 
an order is made or an effective resolution is passed for the winding-up or liquidation of the Issuer 
unless this is done in connection with a merger, consolidation or other form of combination with 
another company, the terms of which merger, consolidation or combination (A) have the effect 
of the emerging or such other surviving company assuming all obligations contracted for by the 
Issuer in connection with the Notes or (B) have previously been approved by an Extraordinary 
Resolution of the Noteholders.  
10 Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Note or Coupon is mutilated, defaced, stolen, destroyed or lost, it may be replaced at the specified 
office of the Paying Agent in Luxembourg on payment by the claimant of such costs and expenses as may be 
incurred in connection therewith and on such terms as to evidence and indemnity as the Issuer may reasonably 
require. Mutilated or defaced Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
11 Agent and Paying Agents 
The names of the initial Agent and the other initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are 
set out below. 
The Issuer is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of the Agent or any Paying Agent and/or 
appoint additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which the 
Agent or any Paying Agent acts, provided that:

--- Page 52 ---
52 
(i) 
so long as the Notes are listed on any stock exchange, there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a 
specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the relevant stock 
exchange; 
(ii) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office in a city in continental Europe; 
(iii) 
there will at all times be an Agent; and 
(iv) 
there will at all times be a Paying Agent with a specified office situated outside the Netherlands. 
In addition, the Issuer shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York City 
in the circumstances described in the penultimate paragraph of Condition 4(b) if payments in U.S. dollars are 
then permitted to be made in the United States. Any variation, termination, appointment or change shall only 
take effect (other than in the case of insolvency, when it shall be of immediate effect) after not less than 30 nor 
more than 45 days’ prior notice thereof shall have been given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 
6. 
12 Exchange of Talons 
On and after the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon comprised in any Coupon sheet 
matures, the Talon (if any) forming part of such Coupon sheet may be surrendered at the specified office of the 
Agent or any other Paying Agent in exchange for a further Coupon sheet, including (if such further Coupon 
sheet does not include Coupons to (and including) the final date for the payment of interest due in respect of 
the Note to which it appertains) a further Talon, subject to the provisions of Condition 8. Each Talon shall, for 
the purposes of these Conditions, be deemed to mature on the Interest Payment Date on which the final Coupon 
comprised in the relative Coupon sheet matures. 
13 Meetings of Noteholders, Modification and Waiver 
The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of the Noteholders to consider any 
matter affecting their interests, including the sanctioning by Extraordinary Resolution of a modification of the 
Notes, the Coupons or certain provisions of the Agency Agreement. Such a meeting may be convened by the 
Issuer or Noteholders holding not less than 5 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
remaining outstanding. The quorum at any such meeting for passing an Extraordinary Resolution is one or more 
persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes for the time being 
outstanding, or at any adjourned meeting one or more persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the 
nominal amount of the Notes so held or represented, except that, at any meeting the business of which includes 
the modification of certain provisions of the Notes or Coupons (including modifying the date of maturity of the 
Notes or any date for payment of interest thereof, reducing or cancelling the amount of principal or the rate of 
interest payable in respect of the Notes or altering the currency of payment of the Notes or Coupons), the 
necessary quorum for passing an Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more persons holding or representing 
not less than 75 per cent., or at any adjourned such meeting not less than a clear majority, in nominal amount 
of the Notes for the time being outstanding. An Extraordinary Resolution passed at any meeting of the 
Noteholders shall be binding on all the Noteholders, whether or not they are present at the meeting, and on all 
Couponholders. 
The Agency Agreement also provides that (i) a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of the holders 
of not less than 75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding or (ii) consents given by way of 
electronic consents communicated through the electronic communications systems of the relevant clearing 
system(s) in accordance with their operating rules and procedures by or on behalf of the holders of not less than 
75 per cent. in nominal amount of the Notes outstanding shall, in either case, for all purposes be as valid and

--- Page 53 ---
53 
effective as an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a meeting of Noteholders duly convened and held. Any such 
resolution in writing may be contained in one document or several documents in the same form, each signed by 
or on behalf of one or more Noteholders.  
The Agent and the Issuer may agree, without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders, to: 
(i) 
any modification (except as mentioned above) of the Agency Agreement which is not materially 
prejudicial to the interests of the Noteholders; or 
(ii) 
any modification of the Notes the Coupons or the Agency Agreement which is of a formal, minor or 
technical nature or is made to correct a manifest or proven error or to comply with mandatory provisions 
of the law of the jurisdiction in which the Issuer is incorporated. 
Any such modification shall be binding on the Noteholders and the Couponholders and any such 
modification shall be notified to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6 as soon as practicable 
thereafter. 
14 Further Issues 
The Issuer shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders 
to create and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Notes or the same in all respects 
save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon, and so that the same shall be consolidated 
and form a single Series with the outstanding Notes. 
15 Substitution of the Issuer 
 
The Issuer may, without any further consent of the Noteholders or Couponholders being required, when 
no payment of principal of or interest on any of the Notes is in default and after permission of the competent authority 
and/or resolution authority, as appropriate (if required), be replaced and substituted by ING Bank N.V. or any directly 
or indirectly wholly-owned subsidiary of ING Bank N.V. (the “Substituted Debtor”) as principal debtor in respect 
of the Notes and Coupons, provided that: 
(i) 
such documents shall be executed by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer as may be necessary 
to give full effect to the substitution (together the “Documents”) and (without limiting the 
generality of the foregoing) pursuant to which the Substituted Debtor shall undertake in favour 
of each Noteholder and Couponholder to be bound by the Conditions of the Notes and the 
provisions of the Agency Agreement as fully as if the Substituted Debtor had been named in the 
Notes, the Coupons and the Agency Agreement as the principal debtor in respect of the Notes and 
Coupons in place of the Issuer and pursuant to which the Issuer shall guarantee, which guarantee 
shall be unconditional and irrevocable (the “Guarantee”), in favour of each Noteholder and each 
holder of the Coupons, the payment of all sums payable in respect of the Notes and Coupons; 
(ii) 
the Documents shall contain a covenant by the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer to indemnify 
and hold harmless each Noteholder and Couponholder against all liabilities, costs, charges and 
expenses (provided that, insofar as the liabilities, costs, charges and expenses are taxes or duties, 
the same arise by reason of a law or regulation having legal effect or being in reasonable 
contemplation thereof on the date such substitution becomes effective) which may be incurred 
by or levied against such holder as a result of any substitution pursuant to this Condition 15 and 
which would not have been so incurred or levied had such substitution not been made (and, 
without limiting the foregoing, such liabilities, costs, charges and expenses shall include any and 
all taxes or duties which are imposed on any such Noteholder or Couponholder by any political 
subdivision or taxing authority of any country in which such Noteholder or Couponholder resides

--- Page 54 ---
54 
or is subject to any such tax or duty and which would not have been so imposed had such 
substitution not been made); 
(iii) 
the Documents shall contain a warranty and representation by the Substituted Debtor and the 
Issuer (a) that each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer has obtained all necessary 
governmental and regulatory approvals and consents for such substitution and the performance 
of its obligations under the Documents, and that all such approvals and consents are in full force 
and effect and (b) that the obligations assumed by each of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer 
under the Documents are all valid and binding in accordance with their respective terms and 
enforceable by each Noteholder; 
(iv) 
each stock exchange which has Notes listed thereon shall have confirmed that following the 
proposed substitution of the Substituted Debtor such Notes would continue to be listed on such 
stock exchange; 
(v) 
the Substituted Debtor shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of 
a legal opinion from a leading firm of local lawyers acting for the Substituted Debtor to the effect 
that the Documents constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor, such 
opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent; 
(vi) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of (a) legal 
opinion(s) from the internal legal adviser(s) to the Issuer to the effect that the Documents 
(including the Guarantee) constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Issuer, such 
opinion(s) to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of substitution of the Substituted 
Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by Noteholders and Couponholders at the 
specified office of the Agent; and 
(vii) 
the Issuer shall have delivered to the Agent or procured the delivery to the Agent of a legal opinion 
from a leading firm of Dutch lawyers to the effect that the Documents (including the Guarantee) 
constitute legal, valid and binding obligations of the Substituted Debtor and the Issuer under the 
laws of the Netherlands, such opinion to be dated not more than three days prior to the date of 
substitution of the Substituted Debtor for the Issuer and to be available for inspection by 
Noteholders and Couponholders at the specified office of the Agent. 
 
In connection with any substitution effected pursuant to this Condition 15, the Issuer and the Substituted 
Debtor need not have any regard to the consequences of any such substitution for individual Noteholders or 
Couponholders resulting from their being for any purpose domiciled or resident in, or otherwise connected with, or 
subject to the jurisdiction of, any particular territory and no Noteholder or Couponholder, except as provided in 
Condition 15(a)(ii), shall be entitled to claim from the Issuer or any Substituted Debtor under the Notes and the 
Coupons any indemnification or payment in respect of any tax or other consequences arising from such substitution. 
 
Upon the execution of the Documents as referred to in Condition 15(a)(i) above, and subject to the 
notification as referred to in Condition 15(e) below having been given, the Substituted Debtor shall be deemed to be 
named in the Notes and the Coupons as the principal debtor in place of the Issuer and the Notes and the Coupons 
shall thereupon be deemed to be amended to give effect to the substitution. The execution of the Documents shall 
operate to release the Issuer as issuer from all of its obligations as principal debtor in respect of the Notes and the 
Coupons, save that any claims under the Notes and the Coupons prior to release shall ensure for the benefit of 
Noteholders and Couponholders.

--- Page 55 ---
55 
 
The Documents shall be deposited with and held by the Agent for so long as any Notes or Coupons remain 
outstanding and for so long as any claim made against the Substituted Debtor by any Noteholder or Couponholder 
in relation to the Notes or Coupons or the Documents shall not have been finally adjudicated, settled or discharged. 
The Substituted Debtor and the Issuer shall acknowledge in the Documents the right of every Noteholder and 
Couponholder to the production of the Documents for the enforcement of any of the Notes or the Coupons or the 
Documents. 
 
Not later than 15 Business Days after the execution of the Documents, the Substituted Debtor shall give 
notice thereof to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 6. 
16 Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
The Notes, the Coupons and the Talons, and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with them, are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, the laws of the Netherlands. 
The Issuer submits for the exclusive benefit of the Noteholders and the Couponholders, to the jurisdiction 
of the courts of Amsterdam, the Netherlands judging in first instance, and its appellate courts. Without prejudice 
to the foregoing, the Issuer further irrevocably agrees that any suit, action or proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Agency Agreement, the Notes and the Coupons may be brought in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction. 
17 Determinations by the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer 
For the purposes of the Notes, any determinations, calculations or other decisions made by the 
Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer under or pursuant to the terms of the Notes shall be made in its/their 
discretion, acting in good faith and in a commercially reasonable manner. All such determinations, calculations 
or other decisions of the Calculation Agent and/or the Issuer shall (save in the case of manifest error) be final, 
conclusive and binding on all parties, and none of the Calculation Agent or the Issuer shall have any liability to 
any person therefor.

--- Page 56 ---
56 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE NOTES 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Tranche of Notes issued by 
the Issuer under the Programme. 
Final Terms dated [●] 
ING Groenbank N.V. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 549300BV62M7SZOIN394  
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
issued pursuant to a 
€25,000,000,000 Global Issuance Programme 
[Any person making or intending to make an offer of the Notes may only do so [: 
(i) 
in the Public Offer Jurisdiction mentioned in Paragraph [9] of Part B below, provided such person is of 
a kind specified in that paragraph and that the offer is made during the Offer Period specified in that 
paragraph; or 
(ii) 
otherwise] in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Issuer or any Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 1 of the Prospectus Regulation or to supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer. 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Notes 
in any other circumstances.]1 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and 
professional clients only, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. 
[Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes 
(a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for 
the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as 
defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined 
in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target 
market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market 
assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
 
1  Paragraph to be included only in the case of a Tranche of Non-Exempt PR Notes.

--- Page 57 ---
57 
[MiFID II product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties, 
professional clients and retail clients, each as defined in Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “MiFID II”); 
EITHER [and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, 
portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii) the following channels for distribution 
of the Notes to retail clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and 
pure execution services - subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, 
as applicable]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should 
take into consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to 
MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under MiFID II, as 
applicable].] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Retail investors, professional investors and ECPs target market 
– Solely for the purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is retail clients, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”), and eligible counterparties, as defined in the FCA 
Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”) and professional clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) 
No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (“UK MiFIR”); EITHER [and (ii) 
all channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate[, including investment advice, portfolio management, 
non-advised sales and pure execution services]] OR [(ii) all channels for distribution to eligible counterparties 
and professional clients are appropriate; and (iii)  the following channels for distribution of the Notes to retail 
clients are appropriate - investment advice, portfolio management, non-advised sales and pure execution 
services, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable]. 
Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either 
adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels[, subject to the distributor’s suitability and appropriateness obligations under COBS, as applicable].] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of [Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, “MiFID II”)][MiFID II]; (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, 
“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined 
in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in [Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 (the “Prospectus Regulation”)] [the Prospectus Regulation (as defined below)]. Consequently, no 
key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the “PRIIPs Regulation”) 
for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been

--- Page 58 ---
58 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.]2 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one 
(or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of UK domestic law by virtue of the [European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”)] [EUWA]; (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) 
and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement [Directive (EU) 2016/97] [Insurance 
Distribution Directive], where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; 
or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of [Regulation (EU) 2017/1129] [the Prospectus 
Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK Prospectus Regulation”). 
Consequently, no key information document required by [Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014] [the PRIIPs 
Regulation] as it forms part of UK domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK 
may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]3 
[The Prospectus referred to below is valid until and including 3 November 2024. The succeeding base 
prospectus relating to the Programme shall be made available for viewing during normal business hours at, and 
copies may be obtained from ING Bank N.V. at Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, the Netherlands and 
from the Issuer’s website at ([]).]4  
Part A – Contractual Terms 
These Final Terms [have been prepared for the purpose of Article 8 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as 
amended, and] 5  must be read in conjunction with the base prospectus dated 3 November 2023 and its 
supplement(s) (if any) (the “Base Prospectus”) pertaining to the €25,000,000,000 Global Issuance Programme. 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus [which constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Regulation (EU) 2017/1192, as amended or superseded from time to time (the “Prospectus Regulation”).6 
Full information on the Issuer and the offer of the Notes is only available on the basis of the combination of the 
Base Prospectus, any supplements thereto and these Final Terms. The Prospectus and any supplements thereto 
are available for viewing at the Issuer’s website ([]) and copies may be obtained from ING Bank N.V. at 
Foppingadreef 7, 1102 BD Amsterdam, the Netherlands. 
Prospective investors should carefully consider the section “Risk Factors” in the Base Prospectus.  
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering 
should remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs or sub-
paragraphs. Italics denote guidance for completing the Final Terms.] 
 
2  This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” (see Part B, paragraph 8(x)) is specified as “Applicable”. 
3  This legend will be required if “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” (see Part B, paragraph 8(xi)) is specified as “Applicable”. 
4  Include this where the Offer Period will continue after the expiration of the Base Prospectus under which it was commenced, provided that a 
succeeding Base Prospectus is approved and published no later than the last day of validity of the previous Base Prospectus. 
5  Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes. 
6 
Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt Notes.

--- Page 59 ---
59 
[When completing any final terms, or adding any other final terms or information, consideration should 
be given as to whether such terms or information constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger 
the need for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.] 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE NOTES 
1
Issuer: 
ING Groenbank N.V. 
2
 
Series Number: 
[●] 
 Tranche Number: 
[●] (delete if not applicable) 
 Date on which the Notes will be 
consolidated and form a single series: 
[The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify earlier Tranches] on [specify 
date/the Issue Date/exchange of the Temporary 
Global Note for interests in the Permanent Global 
Note, as referred to in paragraph 19 below, which 
is expected to occur on or about [date]] [Not 
Applicable]  
(delete if not applicable) 
3
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[●] 
4
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[●] 
 
Tranche: 
[●]  
 Series: 
[●]  
5
Issue Price: 
[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
[plus accrued interest from [insert date] (in the 
case of fungible issues only, if applicable)] 
6
 
Specified Denominations: 
[●] 
[Where multiple denominations above €100,000 
(or equivalent) are being used the following 
sample wording should be followed: [€100,000] 
and integral multiples of [€1,000] in excess 
thereof [up to and including [€199,000]. No 
Notes in definitive form will be issued with a 
denomination above [€199,000]].] 
 
 Calculation Amount: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable] 
[If more than one Specified Denomination, state 
applicable and insert the highest common 
factor] 
7
 
Issue Date: 
[●]

--- Page 60 ---
60 
 Interest 
Commencement 
Date 
(if 
different from the Issue Date): 
[Issue Date/specify other/Not Applicable]  
(delete if not applicable) 
8
Maturity Date: 
[●][Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest 
to [specify month and year]] 
9
Interest Basis: 
[●] per cent. Fixed Rate  
 
[(further particulars specified in paragraph [13] 
below)] 
10
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or 
early redemption, the Notes will be redeemed 
on the Maturity Date at [●] per cent. of their 
Aggregate Nominal Amount. 
11
Put/Call Options: 
[Not Applicable] 
[Investor Put] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Clean-Up Call] 
[(further particulars specified below)] 
12
[Date [Board] approval for issuance of 
Notes obtained: 
[●] [and [●], respectively]] 
(NB: Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular 
Tranche of Notes)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
13
Fixed Rate Note Provisions: 
Applicable 
 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[No Additional Business Centre(s)/specify 
other] 
 Broken Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount], in respect of the [short/long] coupon 
payable on the Interest Payment Date falling 
[in/on] [●].] [The Broken Amount payable on 
the Interest Payment Date in respect of the 
[short/long] coupon shall be an amount equal to 
the [Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount] multiplied by the Rate of Interest 
multiplied by the Day Count Fraction with the 
resultant figure being rounded to the nearest 
sub-unit of the Specified Currency, half of any 
such sub-unit being rounded 
[upwards/downwards].] [Not Applicable] 
 Business Day Convention: 
[Following Business Day Convention 
(Adjusted)/Following Business Day Convention 
(Unadjusted)/Modified Following Business Day 
Convention (Adjusted)/Modified Following 
Business Day Convention

--- Page 61 ---
61 
(Unadjusted)/Preceding Business Day 
Convention (Adjusted)/ Preceding Business 
Day Convention (Adjusted)] [Not Applicable] 
 Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual 
Actual/Actual (ISDA) 
Actual/365 (Fixed) 
Actual/365 (Sterling) 
Actual/360 
30/360 
360/360 
Bond Basis 
30E/360 
Eurobond Basis 
30E/360 (ISDA) 
Actual/Actual (ICMA) 
1/1] 
[specify other from Condition 3 of the 
Conditions] 
 Determination Date(s): 
[[●] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
[Insert regular interest payment dates ignoring 
issue date or maturity date in the case of a long 
or short first or last coupon] 
(NB: Only relevant where Day Count Fraction 
is Actual/Actual (ICMA)) 
 Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[●] per [Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount] [For each Fixed Interest Period, as 
defined in Condition 3(a), the Fixed Coupon 
Amount will be an amount equal to the 
[Specified Denomination/Calculation Amount] 
multiplied by the Rate of Interest multiplied by 
the Day Count Fraction with the resultant figure 
being rounded to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded [upwards/downwards]] 
 Interest Amount Adjustment: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
 Interest Payment Date(s): 
[●] in each year up to and including [the 
Maturity Date/specify other] [, adjusted in 
accordance with the Business Day Convention 
specified in sub-paragraph 13(iii).] 
(NB: In the case of long or short coupons the 
following sample wording should be followed: 
There will be a [short/long] [first/last] coupon)

--- Page 62 ---
62 
 Party responsible for calculating the 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the Calculation 
Agent): 
[Agent/if the party making the calculation is 
different from the Calculation Agent or Agent, 
specify its name and address] [Not Applicable] 
 Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[●] per cent. per annum [payable 
[annually/semi-
annually/quarterly/monthly/specify other] in 
arrear] 
 Other terms relating to the method of 
calculating interest for Fixed Rate Notes: 
[None/Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Determination is applicable]  
(Specify Aggregate Nominal Amount 
Determination if, when interest is to be 
determined for a period other than a Fixed 
Interest Period, it is to be determined on the 
basis of the aggregate nominal amount of the 
series of Notes outstanding rather than on the 
basis of the Specified Denomination (or the 
Calculation Amount if one is specified in these 
Final Terms)) 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION  
14
Issuer Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph)  
 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●]  
 Optional Redemption Amount of each Note: [●] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount] 
 If redeemable in part:  
 
(a) Minimum Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount]  
(b) Maximum Redemption Amount of 
each Note: 
[●] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount]  
 Notice period: 
[●] [As per Conditions] 
15
Clean-Up Call: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining 
sub-paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Percentage in nominal amount of the Notes 
redeemed or purchased and cancelled: 
[[●] or more][As per Conditions] 
 Optional Redemption Amount of each Note: [●] per [Specified Denomination/Calculation 
Amount] 
 Notice period: 
[●][As per Conditions]

--- Page 63 ---
63 
16
Investor Put: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-
paragraphs of this paragraph) 
 
Optional Redemption Date(s):  
[●] 
 Optional Redemption Amount of each Note: [●] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount]  
 Notice period:  
[●][As per Conditions] 
17 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note: 
[[●] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount]  
 
Renouncement Notice Date: 
[Not Applicable/specify] 
18
Other: 
 
 
Early Redemption Amount of each Note 
payable on redemption for taxation reasons or on 
Issuer event of default: 
[[] per [Specified Denomination] [Calculation 
Amount] [the amount calculated (1) under 
Condition 5(e)(ii)(A), (2) under Condition 
5(e)(ii)(B); and (3) under Condition 5(e)(ii)(C).]] 
[Early Redemption Amount to be equal to Fair 
Market Value as set out in Condition 5(e)(ii)(C) [, 
determined [] Business Days prior to the date 
[fixed for redemption] [upon which the Note 
becomes due and payable] [not taking into account 
the cost to the Issuer of amending or liquidating any 
financial instruments or transactions entered into by 
the Issuer in connection with the Note, together with 
any costs, expenses, fees or taxes incurred by the 
Issuer in respect of any such financial instruments or 
transactions]] [[if][provided that, if] Condition 
5(e)(i) applies, the Early Redemption Amount will 
be determined in accordance with Condition 5(e)(i)] 
 Monetisation Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[N.B. if “Not Applicable” is specified here delete 
paragraph (iv) below] 
 Notice period (if other than as set out in the 
Conditions): 
[●] 
[N.B. If setting notice periods which are different to 
those provided in the Conditions, the Issuer is 
advised to consider the practicalities of distribution 
of information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems and custodians, as well as any 
other notice requirements which may apply, for 
example, as between the Issuer and the Agent] 
 [Monetisation Option Election Cut-off 
Date:] 
The [•] Business Day following the Determination 
Date 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES

--- Page 64 ---
64 
19
Form of Notes:  
 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note which is [not] exchangeable 
for Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only on the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws 
and regulations.]]  
 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes on and after the Exchange Date, 
subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws 
and regulations.]  
 
[Permanent Global Note [not] exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes [on 60 days’ notice given at any 
time/only on the occurrence of an Exchange Event, 
subject to mandatory provisions of applicable laws 
and regulations.]] [This option cannot be used for 
Notes issued in accordance with the TEFRA D 
Rules]  
 
[Definitive Notes: Standard Euromarket]  
 
(The exchange upon notice or at any time should not 
be expressed to be applicable if the Specified 
Denomination of the Notes in paragraph 6 includes 
language substantially to the following effect: 
[€100,000] and integral multiples of [€1,000] in 
excess thereof [up to and including [€199,000]. 
Furthermore, such Specified Denomination 
construction is not permitted in relation to any issue 
of Notes which is to be represented on issue by a 
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes) 
 New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] (Normally elect “yes” opposite “New 
Global Note” only if you have elected “yes” to the 
Section in Part B under the heading “Operational 
Information” entitled “Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow Eurosystem eligibility”) 
20
Additional Financial Centre(s) or other special 
provisions relating to Payment Days:  
[Not Applicable/give details] 
(Note that this sub-paragraph relates to the date and 
place of payment and not the end dates of interest 
periods for the purposes of calculating the amount 
of interest)  
21
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature):  
[Yes/No. If yes, give details] 
(Talons should be specified if there will be more 
than 26 coupons or if the total interest payments 
may exceed the principal due on early redemption)

--- Page 65 ---
65 
[Third Party Information 
[Relevant third party information] has been extracted from [specify source]. The Issuer confirms that such 
information has been accurately reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from 
information published by [specify source], no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading.]  
Signed on behalf of the Issuer: 
ING GROENBANK N.V. 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised 
By: 
 
 
Duly authorised

--- Page 66 ---
66 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1 
LISTING 
 
Listing:  
 [Euronext Amsterdam/the Luxembourg Stock 
Exchange/other (specify)/ None]  
 Admission to trading:  
 [Application [has been made] [is expected to be made] 
by the Issuer (or on its behalf) for the Notes to be 
admitted to trading on [Euronext Amsterdam/the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange/other (specify)] with 
effect from [●][the first day of “as-if-and-when-issued-
trading”].]  
 
 [Not Applicable]  
 
 [The Notes will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the Existing Notes which are admitted to 
trading on [Euronext Amsterdam/the Luxembourg 
Stock Exchange/ other (specify)]] 
(Include where documenting a fungible issue whereby 
original Notes are already admitted to trading.) 
 As-if-and-when-issued-trading: 
 [Three Business Days preceding the Issue Date/Not 
Applicable] 
 Estimate of total expenses related to admission 
to trading:  
 [●] 
(Consider if disclosed under paragraph 4) 
 
  
2 
RATINGS 
 
Ratings:  
[The Notes will not be rated] 
[The Notes to be issued [have been][are expected to 
be] rated: 
 
[Standard & Poor’s: [●]] 
 
[Moody’s: [●]] 
 
[Fitch: [●]] 
 
[[Other]: [●]] 
 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating 
allocated to Notes of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating. In addition, the full 
legal name of the entity providing or endorsing the 
applicable rating should be included and it should be 
stated whether the entity is established in the EU and 
registered under the CRA Regulation, if the rating is 
issued other than by Standard & Poor’s, Moody’s or 
Fitch.)

--- Page 67 ---
67 
 
Need to include a brief explanation of the meaning of 
the ratings if this has previously been published by the 
rating provider. 
 
Insert one (or more) of the following options, as 
applicable: 
 
Option 1: CRA is (i) established in the EU and (ii) 
registered under the CRA Regulation: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and 
registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 [(the 
“CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
Option 2: CRA is (i) established in the EU; (ii) not 
registered under the CRA Regulation; but (iii) has 
applied for registration: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”), although 
notification of the registration decision has not yet 
been provided. 
 
Option 3: CRA is (i) established in the EU; and (ii) 
has not applied for registration/is not registered 
under the CRA Regulation: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EU and is 
neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EC) No 1060/ 2009 [(the “CRA 
Regulation”)]. 
 
Option 4: CRA is not established in the EU but the 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU 
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EU and registered under Regulation 
(EC) No 1060/2009 [(the “CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
Option 5: CRA is not established in the EU and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation, but the CRA is certified under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU

--- Page 68 ---
68 
but is certified under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 
[(the “CRA Regulation”)]. 
 
Option 6: CRA is neither established in the EU nor 
certified under the CRA Regulation and the 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the CRA 
Regulation: 
 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EU 
and is not certified under Regulation (EC) No 
1060/2009 (the “CRA Regulation”) and the rating it 
has given to the Notes is not endorsed by a credit 
rating agency established in the EU and registered 
under the CRA Regulation. 
3 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
[“Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the issue of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have 
engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, 
and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.”] 
[Not Applicable] 
4 
[REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND TOTAL EXPENSES  
 
Reasons for the offer: 
[●] 
 
(See “Use of Proceeds” section in the Base Prospectus - if 
reasons for offer different from making profit and/or 
hedging certain risks or a specific allocation of proceeds is 
contemplated (including if the Issuer intends to allocate the 
net proceeds in such manner that the Notes qualify as 
Sustainable Notes), will need to include those reasons here. 
In case net proceeds are to be allocated for the Notes to 
qualify as Sustainable Notes specify herein the applicable 
definition of Eligible Green Loan Portfolio and Eligibility 
Criteria (or equivalent terms) and whether a Compliance 
Opinion has been obtained) and, if possible, the envisaged 
impact) 
 Estimated net proceeds: 
[●] 
 
(If proceeds are intended for more than one use will need to 
split out and present in order of priority. If proceeds 
insufficient to fund all proposed uses state amount and 
sources of other funding) 
 Estimated total expenses: 
[●] [Include breakdown of expenses] 
 
[Indicate the amount of any expenses and taxes specifically 
charged to the subscribers or purchasers]

--- Page 69 ---
69 
[The terms of the Public Offer do not provide for any 
expenses and/or taxes to be charged to any subscriber and/or 
purchaser of the Notes.]]7 
5 
YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[Not Applicable] [●] 
 
As set out above, the yield is calculated at the Issue Date on 
the basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6 
POST-ISSUANCE INFORMATION 
[Indicate whether or not the Issuer intends to provide post-issuance information. If so, specify what 
information will be reported and where such information can be obtained.] 
7 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
 
ISIN: 
 [●] 
 Common Code: 
 [●] 
 CFI: 
 [●] [Not Applicable] 
 FISN: 
 [●] [Not Applicable] 
(If the CFI and/or FISN is not required, requested or 
available, it/they should be specified to be "Not 
Applicable") 
 Other relevant code: 
 [●] [Not Applicable] 
 Any clearing system(s) other than Euroclear 
Bank SA/NV and Clearstream Banking S.A. and 
the relevant identification number(s): 
 [●] [Not Applicable] 
 Delivery: 
 Delivery [against/free of] payment 
[The delivery of Notes shall be made free of payment to 
the Issuer’s account number 22529 with Euroclear. Any 
subsequent delivery of Notes from the Issuer’s account 
number 22529 with Euroclear to the relevant Dealer(s) 
shall be made against payment.] 
 Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
 [●] 
 Name and address of Calculation Agent (if 
other than the Issuer): 
 [●] 
 Intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
 [Yes][No] 
[Include this text if “Yes” selected: Note that the 
designation “Yes” simply means that the Notes are 
 
7 
Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.

--- Page 70 ---
70 
intended upon issue to be deposited with one of the 
International Central Securities Depositories as Common 
Safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will be recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the ECB 
being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]  
[Include this text if “No” selected: Whilst the designation 
is set at “No”, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future the Notes may then be deposited 
with one of the International Central Securities 
Depositories as Common Safekeeper. Note that this does 
not necessarily mean that the Notes will ever be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem 
at any time during their life. Such recognition will depend 
upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met] 
 Trade date: 
 [●] 
8 
DISTRIBUTION 
 
Method of distribution: 
 [Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
 If syndicated, names [and addresses]8 of 
Managers [and underwriting commitments]9:  
 [Not Applicable/give names, addresses and underwriting 
commitments] 
(Include names and addresses of entities agreeing to 
underwrite the issue on a firm commitment basis and 
names and addresses of the entities agreeing to place the 
issue without a firm commitment or extra information will 
be required if the managers and underwriters are not the 
same or if the placing is on a “best efforts” basis if such 
entities are not the same as the Managers. Where 
applicable, set out the material features of any 
underwriting agreements, including quotas, and where an 
issue is only partially underwritten, include a statement of 
the portion not covered) 
 Date of Syndication Agreement:  
 [Not Applicable] [●]10  
 
8 
Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.  
9 
Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.  
10 Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.

--- Page 71 ---
71 
 If non-syndicated, name [and address]11 of 
relevant Dealer:  
 [Not Applicable/specify name [and address]12 of dealer] 
[The Notes are not being underwritten by any Dealer(s). 
(i.e. if Notes are to be directly sold by the Issuer)]  
(Where not all of the issue is underwritten, indicate the 
portion not covered) 
 Total commission and concession:  
 [Not Applicable] [[●] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal 
Amount]13  
 U.S. Selling Restrictions:  
 Reg. S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA 
D/TEFRA Not Applicable]  
(TEFRA not applicable to Notes with a term of one year or 
less (taking into account any unilateral right to extend or 
roll over the term)  
 Additional selling restrictions:  
 [Not Applicable] 
 Non-Exempt Offer: 
 [Not Applicable] [An offer of the Notes may be made by 
the Managers and [insert names and addresses of financial 
intermediaries receiving consent (specific consent)] 
(together [with the Managers] the “Initial Authorised 
Offerors”)] [and any additional financial intermediaries 
who have or obtain the Issuer’s consent to use the 
Prospectus in connection with the Non-Exempt Offer and 
who are identified on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.ingmarkets.com/en-nl/ing-markets/ as an 
Authorised Offeror (together, being persons to whom the 
Issuer has given consent, the “Authorised Offerors”) 
other than pursuant to Article 3(2) of the Prospectus 
Regulation in [the Netherlands] (the “Public Offer 
Jurisdiction”) during the period from [specify date] until 
[specify date] (the “Offer Period”). See further paragraph 
[8 (xiii))] below.  
 General Consent: 
 [Not Applicable][Applicable] 
 Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
 [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.] 
 Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors:  [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[If the Notes clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the 
Notes may constitute “packaged” products and no “key 
 
11 Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.  
12 Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.  
13 Only required in the case of a Tranche of Non-Exempt PR Notes.

--- Page 72 ---
72 
information document” will be prepared, “Applicable” 
should be specified.] 
 Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers:  [Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Advice should be taken from Belgium counsel before 
disapplying this selling restriction.] 
9 
[GENERAL 
 
Total amount of the offer; if the amount is 
not fixed, description of the arrangements and 
time for announcing the definitive amount to the 
public: 
 [●] 
 Conditions to which the offer is subject: 
 [Offers of the Notes are conditional on their issue. As 
between the Authorised Offerors and their customers, 
offers of the Notes are further subject to conditions as may 
be agreed between them and/or as specified in the 
arrangements in place between them.] [as set out on page 
[●]] [●] 
 Description of the application process: 
 [A prospective Noteholder should contact the applicable 
Authorised Offeror in the applicable Public Offer 
Jurisdiction prior to the end of the Offer Period. A 
prospective Noteholder will subscribe for the Notes in 
accordance with the arrangements existing between such 
Authorised Offeror and its customers relating to the 
subscription of securities generally. Noteholders will not 
be required to enter into any contractual arrangements 
directly with the Issuer in connection with the subscription 
of the Notes.] [as set out on page [●]] [●] 
 Description 
of 
possibility 
to 
reduce 
subscriptions: 
 [Not Applicable. The terms of the Public Offer do not 
provide for any reductions of subscriptions.] [Investors 
may not be allocated all of the Notes for which they apply. 
The offering may, at the discretion of the Issuer, be 
cancelled at any time prior to the Issue Date.] [as set out 
on page [●]] [●] 
 Manner for refunding excess amount paid 
by applicants: 
 [Not Applicable. The terms of the Public Offer do not 
provide for any refunds of excess amounts paid by 
applicants.] [as set out on page [●]] [●] 
 Minimum and/or maximum amount of 
application: 
 [There are no pre-identified allotment criteria. The 
Authorised Offerors will adopt allotment criteria in 
accordance with customary market practices and 
applicable laws and regulations.] [as set out on page [●]] 
[●] 
 Method and time limit for paying up the 
securities and for delivery of the Notes: 
 [Investors will be notified by the relevant Authorised 
Offeror of their allocations of Notes and the settlement 
arrangements in respect thereof. The Notes will be issued

--- Page 73 ---
73 
on the Issue Date against payment to the Issuer of the net 
subscription moneys.] [as set out on page [●]] [●] 
 Manner and date on which results of the 
offer are to be made public: 
 [Investors will be notified by the Issuer or any applicable 
financial intermediary of their allocations of Notes and the 
settlement procedures in respect thereof on or around 
[date].] [as set out on page [●]] [●] 
 Procedure for exercise of any right of pre-
emption, the negotiability of subscription rights 
and the treatment of subscription rights not 
exercised: 
 [Not Applicable. The terms of the Public Offer do not 
provide for a procedure for the exercise of any right of 
pre-emption or negotiability of subscription rights.] [as set 
out on page [●]] [●] 
 Categories of potential investors to which 
the Notes are offered and whether tranche(s) have 
been reserved for certain countries:  
 [Offers may be made by the Authorised Offerors in each of 
the Public Offer Jurisdiction to any person during the 
Offer Period. In other European Economic Area countries 
and in all jurisdictions (including the Public Offer 
Jurisdiction) outside of the Offer Period, offers will only 
be made by the Issuer [and any Managers] pursuant to an 
exemption under the Prospectus Regulation. All offers of 
the Notes will be made in compliance with all applicable 
laws and regulations.] [●] 
 Process for notification to applicants of the 
amount allotted and the indication whether 
dealing may begin before notification is made: 
 [[A prospective Noteholder may not be allocated all of the 
Notes for which they apply during the Offer Period]/[A 
prospective Noteholder will receive 100 per cent. of the 
amount of the Notes allocated to it during the Offer 
Period. Prospective Noteholders will be notified by the 
applicable Authorised Offeror in accordance with the 
arrangements in place between such Authorised Offeror 
and the prospective Noteholders. No dealings in the Notes 
on a regulated market for the purposes of the Markets in 
Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU may take 
place prior to the Issue Date.] [●] 
 Amount of any expenses and taxes 
specifically charged to the subscriber or 
purchaser: 
 [Not Applicable. The terms of the Public Offer do not 
provide for any expenses and/or taxes to be charged to any 
subscriber and/or purchaser of the Notes.] [●] 
 Name(s) and address(es), to the extent 
known to the Issuer, of the placers in the various 
countries where the offer takes place: 
 The Initial Authorised Offerors identified in paragraph 9 
above [and any additional Authorised Offerors who have 
or obtain the Issuer’s consent to use the Prospectus in 
connection with the Public Offer and who are identified on 
the Issuer’s website as an Authorised Offeror] (together, 
the “Authorised Offerors”).]14 
10 
[FEES 
ING Hedging and Margin: 
 []% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
 
14 Delete in the case of a Tranche of Exempt PR Notes or Exempt Notes.

--- Page 74 ---
74 
(where “ING Hedging and Margin” means, as on the 
Trade Date, (a) the total costs of hedging the Notes; and 
(b) the total margin for the Issuer based on the fair value 
calculations done by the Issuer in a commercially 
reasonable manner, which are included in the Issue Price) 
Distribution/Structuring Fees: 
 []% of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
(where “Distribution/Structuring Fees” means, as on the 
Trade Date, the fee payable by the Issuer to a third party 
for (a) distributing, (b) structuring and/or (c) providing 
advice in relation to the Notes. The 
Distribution/Structuring Fees are included in the Issue 
Price).]15 
 
 
 
 
 
15 Delete if fees not to be disclosed.

--- Page 75 ---
75 
ANNEX: ISSUE SPECIFIC SUMMARY OF THE MEDIUM TERM NOTES

--- Page 76 ---
76 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Notes will be applied by the Issuer for its general corporate purposes 
or for such other purpose as specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Sustainable Notes 
Notes may be issued as Sustainable Notes and the applicable Final Terms will indicate if the Notes are intended 
to constitute Sustainable Notes. 
An amount equal to the net proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes will be used to finance and/or 
refinance, in part or in whole, a portfolio of green loans and/or projects (the “Eligible Green Loan Portfolio”) 
in accordance with the relevant eligibility criteria (the “Eligibility Criteria”) as set out in ING Bank N.V.’s 
green bond framework as amended from time to time (the “ING Green Bond Framework”). With the ING 
Green Bond Framework, ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer) intends to support the growth in green residential 
and commercial buildings and renewable energy categories and increase ING Banks N.V.’s (including the 
Issuer’s) own sustainable asset portfolio.  
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Eligibility Criteria are: 
1. Renewable Energy: financing or refinancing of production of renewable energy, including: 
a) Solar energy; 
b) On- and offshore wind energy; 
2. Green Buildings: financing or refinancing new or existing buildings: 
a) Buildings built before 31 December 2020 with Energy Performance Certificate (“EPC label”) > 
‘A’ 
b) Buildings built before 31 December 2020 belonging to the top 15% of the national building stock 
based on primary energy demand (“PED”) 
c) Buildings built after 31 December 2020 with energy performance at least 10% better than the 
threshold for Nearly Zero-Energy Buildings in the local market 
d) Buildings that have been refurbished, resulting in a reduction of PED of at least 30% and validated 
through an Energy Performance Certificate 
e) Buildings that have been refurbished meeting the criteria for major renovations under applicable 
building regulations 
f) 
New, existing or refurbished commercial buildings which have received at least one or more of the 
following certifications:  
 
BREEAM ‘Excellent’ or above certification 
 
LEED “Gold“ or above certification 
 
DGNB certification “Gold” and/or above 
 
HQE “Excellent” and/or above 
 
Other equivalent internationally recognised Green Building certification  
Details of such green loans and/or projects meeting the Eligibility Criteria and of any third party agency 
appointed to monitor compliance with such arrangements (if any) will be detailed in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 77 ---
77 
For the avoidance of doubt, the ING Green Bond Framework has not been and will not be incorporated by 
reference in and, therefore, does not and will not form part of this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms 
and has not been scrutinised or approved by the AFM. 
See “Risk Factors – Risks related to the nature of a particular issue of Notes – Notes issued as Sustainable 
Notes may not be a suitable investment for all investors seeking exposure to green or sustainable assets. Any 
failure to use the net proceeds of any Series of Sustainable Notes in connection with green or sustainable 
projects, and/or any failure to meet, or to continue to meet, the investment requirements of certain 
environmentally focused investors with respect to such Sustainable Notes may affect the value and/or trading 
price of the Sustainable Notes, and/or may have consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in green or sustainable assets” for further detail. 
Process for project evaluation and selection 
Projects financed and/or refinanced through proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes are evaluated and 
selected based on compliance with the Eligibility Criteria. When identifying loans to be included in the Eligible 
Green Loan Portfolio, the Issuer may rely on external consultants and their data sources. 
Alignment of eligibility criteria with the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act 
The definition of the Eligibility Criteria takes into account the EU Taxonomy Regulation and the EU Taxonomy 
Climate Delegated Act with the intention to apply them on a best-efforts basis as long as there are feasible 
practical applications in the geographies where the Issuer’s assets are located (in terms of local regulation). 
Environmental and social risk management policy  
Loans included in the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio are expected to comply with official national and 
international environmental and social standards and local laws and regulations on a best effort basis. It is part 
of the Issuer’s environmental and social risk management approval process to assess the compliance of all loans 
included in the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio against internal environmental and social standards, as well as 
external frameworks such as the equator principles, including those financed with the proceeds of the 
Sustainable Notes. These eligibility criteria and minimum requirements and ESG related matters are 
continuously developed and renewed in its external and internal policy frameworks. The implementation of 
these minimum ESG requirements helps to mitigate the environmental and social risks associated with the 
Eligible Green Loan Portfolio. 
Management of proceeds 
The proceeds from any issue of Sustainable Notes will be managed by ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer) in 
a portfolio approach. The Issuer intends to allocate an amount equivalent to any proceeds from the Sustainable 
Notes to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio, in accordance with the ING Green Bond Framework.  
The Issuer strives, over time, to achieve a level of allocation for the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio that matches 
or exceeds the balance of net proceeds from its outstanding Sustainable Notes. Unallocated net proceeds from 
Sustainable Notes will be held in ING Bank N.V.’s (including the Issuer’s) treasury liquidity portfolio, in cash 
or other short term and liquid instruments, at ING Bank N.V.’s (including the Issuer’s) own discretion. 
Reporting 
For as long as Sustainable Notes are outstanding, ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer) will publish allocation 
and impact reports annually, at least until full allocation. ING Bank N.V. (including the Issuer) will show the 
allocation and impact of the Sustainable Notes proceeds to the Eligible Green Loan Portfolio for each eligible 
project category and on an aggregated basis for all of ING Bank N.V.’s (including the Issuer’s) green (or

--- Page 78 ---
78 
sustainable) bonds and other potential green funding outstanding in its green bond report. The green bond report 
will be made available via the ING Bank website: https://www.ing.com/Sustainability/Sustainable-
business/Green-bond.htm. 
External review  
Second party opinion 
The ING Green Bond Framework has been reviewed by ISS ESG who has issued a second party opinion (such 
second party opinion together with any other second party opinions provided from time to time, the “Second 
Party Opinion”). Any Second Party Opinion as well as the ING Green Bond Framework will be made available 
on https://www.ing.com/Sustainability/Sustainable-business/Green-bond.htm. In addition, ISS ESG assessed 
the alignment of ING’s Green Bond Framework with the EU Taxonomy Climate Delegated Act in its Second 
Party Opinion dated 26 April 2022. 
Verification 
The Issuer may request on an annual basis a limited assurance report of the allocation of the bond proceeds to 
eligible assets, provided by an auditor at such time. 
Notice to prospective investors of Sustainable Notes 
Neither the Issuer nor any Dealer makes any representation as to the suitability for any purpose of any Second 
Party Opinion or whether any Sustainable Notes fulfil the relevant environmental criteria or standards. 
Prospective investors should have regard to the Eligibility Criteria and/or Eligible Green Loan Portfolio 
described in the applicable Final Terms. Each potential purchaser of Sustainable Notes should determine for 
itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus and in the applicable Final Terms 
regarding the use of proceeds and its purchase of any Sustainable Notes should be based upon such investigation 
as it deems necessary. No Dealer will verify or monitor the proposed use of proceeds of Notes issued under the 
Programme. Furthermore, potential investors should be aware that any Second Party Opinion will not be 
incorporated by reference into, and will not form part of, this Base Prospectus or the relevant Final Terms. Any 
such Second Party Opinion may not reflect the potential impact of all risks related to the structure of the relevant 
Sustainable Notes, their marketability, trading price or liquidity or any other factors that may affect the price or 
value of the Sustainable Notes. Any such Second Party Opinion is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold 
securities and is only current as of its date of issue.

--- Page 79 ---
79 
TAXATION 
The following section applies to Notes issued by the Issuer. The information in this section does not 
address the tax consequences in connection with the purchase of the Notes in any other jurisdiction than the 
jurisdictions mentioned below. Any prospective purchaser of Notes should consult his or her own tax adviser 
regarding the tax consequences of acquiring, holding, redeeming and/or disposing of Notes. In particular, 
Noteholders should be aware that the tax legislation of any jurisdiction where a Noteholder is resident or 
otherwise subject to taxation (as well as the jurisdictions discussed below) may have an impact on the tax 
consequences of an investment in the Notes including in respect of any income received from the Notes. 
Tax Warning 
Potential investors and sellers of Notes should be aware that they may be required to pay stamp taxes or 
other documentary taxes or fiscal duties or charges in accordance with the laws and practices of the country 
where the Notes are transferred or other jurisdictions. In addition, payments of interest on the Notes, or income 
derived from the Notes, may be subject to taxation, including withholding taxes, in the jurisdiction of the Issuer, 
in the jurisdiction of the holder of Notes, or in other jurisdictions in which the holder of Notes is required to 
pay taxes. Any such tax consequences may have an impact on the net income received from the Notes.  
Prospective investors should carefully consider the tax consequences of investing in the Notes and 
consult their own tax adviser about their own tax situation. Finally, potential investors should be aware 
that tax regulations and their application by the relevant taxation authorities change from time to time, 
with or without retroactive effect. Accordingly, it is not possible to predict the precise tax treatment which 
will apply at any given time. 
DUTCH TAXATION  
The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all Dutch tax 
considerations that could be relevant for holders of the Notes. This summary is intended as general information 
only. Each prospective holder should consult a professional tax adviser with respect to the tax consequences of 
an investment in the Notes. This summary is based on Dutch tax legislation and published case law in force as 
at the date of this Base Prospectus. It does not take into account any developments or amendments thereof after 
that date, whether or not such developments or amendments have retroactive effect.  
For the purpose of this Dutch taxation section, it is assumed that the Issuer is a resident of the 
Netherlands for Dutch tax purposes.  
For the purposes of this summary, “the Netherlands” shall mean that part of the Kingdom of the 
Netherlands that is in Europe. 
1 
Scope 
Regardless of whether or not a holder of Notes is, or is treated as being, a resident of the Netherlands 
with the exception of the section on withholding tax below, this summary does not address the Netherlands tax 
consequences for such a holder: 
(i) 
having a substantial interest (aanmerkelijk belang) or deemed substantial interest (fictief aanmerkelijk 
belang) in the Issuer and holders of Notes of whom a certain related person holds a substantial interest 
in the Issuer. Generally speaking, a substantial interest in the Issuer arises if a person, alone or, where 
such person is an individual, together with his or her partner (statutory defined term), directly or 
indirectly, holds or is deemed to hold (i) an interest of 5 per cent. or more of the total issued capital of

--- Page 80 ---
80 
the Issuer or of 5 per cent. or more of the issued capital of a certain class of shares of the Issuer, (ii) 
rights to acquire, directly or indirectly, such interest or (iii) certain profit sharing rights in the Issuer; 
(ii) 
who is a private individual and who may be taxed in box 1 for the purposes of Netherlands income tax 
(inkomstenbelasting) as an entrepreneur (ondernemer) having an enterprise (onderneming) to which the 
Notes are attributable, or who may otherwise be taxed in box 1 with respect to benefits derived from the 
Notes; 
(iii) 
who is a person to whom the Notes and the income from the Notes are attributed based on the separated 
private assets (afgezonderd particulier vermogen) provisions of the Netherlands Income Tax Act 2001 
(Wet inkomstenbelasting 2001) and the Netherlands Gift and Inheritance Tax Act 1956 (Successiewet 
1956); 
(iv) 
which is a corporate entity and a taxpayer for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax 
(vennootschapsbelasting), having a participation (deelneming) in the Issuer within the meaning of article 
13 of the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969);  
(v) 
which is a corporate entity and an exempt investment institution (vrijgestelde beleggingsinstelling) or 
investment institution (beleggingsinstelling) for the purposes of Netherlands corporate income tax, a 
pension fund, or otherwise not a taxpayer or exempt for corporate income tax purposes;  
(vi) 
which is an entity which is a resident of Aruba, Curaçao or Sint Maarten having an enterprise which is 
carried on through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative on Bonaire, Sint Eustatius 
or Saba, to which permanent establishment or permanent representative the Notes are attributable;  
(vii) 
which is a partnership resident of the Netherlands or entered into under Dutch law which is considered 
a reverse hybrid (omgekeerd hybride lichaam) as defined in article 2(12) of the Dutch Corporate Income 
Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969); or 
(viii) which is not considered to be the beneficial owner (uiteindelijk gerechtigde) of benefits derived from 
the Notes.  
This summary does not address the Netherlands tax consequences where it concerns Notes that are 
redeemable in exchange for, or convertible into, shares. The Netherlands tax consequences for such holder of 
the exercise, settlement or redemption of such Notes and/or any Netherlands tax consequences for such holder 
after the moment of exercise, settlement or redemption are not described in this summary.  
2 
Withholding tax 
All payments made by the Issuer under the Notes may – except in certain very specific cases as described 
below – be made free of withholding or deduction for any taxes of whatsoever nature imposed, levied, withheld 
or assessed by the Netherlands or any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein provided that 
such Notes do not in fact function as equity of the Issuer within the meaning of article 10, paragraph 1, letter d, 
of the Netherlands Corporate Income Tax Act 1969 (Wet op de vennootschapsbelasting 1969).  
Dutch withholding tax may apply on certain (deemed) interest due and payable to an affiliated (gelieerde) 
entity of the Issuer if such entity (i) is considered to be resident of a jurisdiction that is listed in the yearly 
updated Dutch Regulation on low-taxing states and non-cooperative jurisdictions for tax purposes (Regeling 
laagbelastende staten en niet-coöperatieve rechtsgebieden voor belastingdoeleinden), or (ii) has a permanent 
establishment located in such jurisdiction to which the interest is attributable, or (iii) is entitled to the interest 
payable for the main purpose or one of the main purposes to avoid taxation of another person, or (iv) is not 
considered to be the recipient of the interest in its jurisdiction of residence because such jurisdiction treats 
another (lower-tier) entity as the recipient of the interest (hybrid mismatch), or (v) is not treated as resident in 
any jurisdiction (also a hybrid mismatch), or (vi) is a reverse hybrid whereby the jurisdiction of residence of a

--- Page 81 ---
81 
participant that has a qualifying interest (kwalificerend belang) in the reverse hybrid treats the reverse hybrid 
as tax transparent and that participant would have been taxable based on one (or more) of the items in (i)-(v) 
above had the interest been due to him directly,  all within the meaning of the Dutch Withholding Tax Act 2021 
(Wet bronbelasting 2021). Provided that no payments of interest are made by the Issuer under a Note to an entity 
affiliated to the Issuer that meets one of the conditions as stated under (i) – (vi) above, payments of interest 
made by the Issuer under a Note shall not become subject to withholding tax on the basis of the Withholding 
Tax Act 2021 (Wet bronbelasting 2021). 
3 
Income tax 
Resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and a resident, or treated as being a resident of 
the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, must record the Notes as assets that are held in box 
3.  
Taxable income with regard to the Notes is determined on the basis of a deemed return on the holder’s 
yield basis (rendementsgrondslag) at the beginning of the calendar year insofar as the yield basis exceeds 
€57,000 threshold (heffingvrij vermogen), rather than on the basis of income actually received or gains actually 
realised. Such yield basis is determined as the fair market value of certain qualifying assets held by the holder 
of the Notes, less the fair market value of certain qualifying liabilities at the beginning of the calendar year. The 
fair market value of the Notes will be included as an asset in the holder’s yield basis and will be classified as 
other investments. The deemed return on this yield basis is calculated on the basis of a weighted average of the 
different classes of qualifying assets each with their own estimated deemed returns. The deemed returns for 
2023 are estimated at 0.01% for savings, at 6.17% for other investments (such as Notes) and at 2.46% for 
liabilities. The estimated deemed return for savings and liabilities will be definitively set after the end of the 
calendar year to determine the best possible approximation of returns actually realised in the market in that 
calendar year. If the deemed return is negative, then the deemed return is set to nil. The deemed return on the 
holder’s yield basis is taxed at a rate of 32% (in 2023). 
Although the value of Notes issued by the Issuer in principle forms part of the yield basis, the value of 
green investments (groene beleggingen) is, however, excluded from the yield basis up to a maximum of €65,072 
(€130,144 for the taxpayer and his/her partner together freely attributable to both partners, provided that that 
partner qualifies as the taxpayer’s partner for Dutch tax purposes during the entire calendar year). Notes issued 
by the Issuer qualify as green investments so long as the Issuer qualifies as a green bank (Groenbank) and, 
therefore, Notes issued by the Issuer are taken into account together with any other green investments held by 
a Dutch individual for purposes of determining the amount excluded from the yield basis at the beginning the 
year. 
The Dutch Government intends to introduce a new system regarding the taxation of income from savings 
and investments as of the taxable year 2026. Such new system will be based on the actual returns realised (such 
as interest, dividends, rent and leases minus costs) and the value development of assets (such as price gain or 
price loss of shares and value increase or decrease of real estate). Alternatively, the Dutch government is 
examining whether a refinement of the current system based on deemed returns may be a feasible option. A 
capital gain tax in which only regular income and capital gains (on the sale of assets) are annually taxed is not 
anticipated. 
Non-resident holders: A holder who is a private individual and neither a resident, nor treated as being a 
resident of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands income tax, will not be subject to such tax in respect 
of benefits derived from the Notes, unless such holder is entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a 
co-entitlement to the net worth of an enterprise which is effectively managed in the Netherlands, to which 
enterprise the Notes are attributable.  
4 
Corporate income tax

--- Page 82 ---
82 
Resident holders: A holder that is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Netherlands corporate 
income tax, a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, is taxed in respect of benefits derived 
from the Notes at rates of up to 25.80% (in 2023). 
Non-resident holders: A holder which is a corporate entity and, for the purposes of Netherlands corporate 
income tax, is neither a resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands, will not be subject to 
corporate income tax, unless such holder has an interest in an enterprise that is, in whole or in part, carried on 
through a permanent establishment or a permanent representative in the Netherlands, a Netherlands Enterprise 
(Nederlandse onderneming), to which Netherlands Enterprise the Notes are attributable, or such holder is (other 
than by way of securities) entitled to a share in the profits of an enterprise or a co-entitlement to the net worth 
of an enterprise, which is effectively managed in the Netherlands and to which enterprise the Notes are 
attributable. Such holder is taxed in respect of benefits derived from the Notes at rates of up to 25.80% (in 
2023). 
5 
Gift and inheritance tax 
Resident holders: Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax (schenk- of erfbelasting) will arise in respect of 
an acquisition (or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who 
is a resident, or treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and 
inheritance tax. 
Non-resident holders: No Netherlands gift tax or inheritance tax will arise in respect of an acquisition 
(or deemed acquisition) of Notes by way of a gift by, or on the death of, a holder of Notes who is neither a 
resident, nor treated as being a resident, of the Netherlands for the purposes of Netherlands gift and inheritance 
tax. 
6 
Other taxes 
No Dutch value added tax (omzetbelasting) will arise in respect of any payment in consideration for the 
issue of Notes, with respect to any cash settlement of Notes or with respect to the delivery of Notes. 
Furthermore, no Dutch registration tax, capital tax, transfer tax or stamp duty (nor any other similar tax or duty) 
will be payable in the Netherlands by a holder in respect of or in connection with the subscription, issue, 
placement, allotment, delivery or transfer of Notes. 
FOREIGN ACCOUNT TAX COMPLIANCE WITHHOLDING 
Certain non-U.S. financial institutions must comply with information reporting requirements or 
certification requirements in respect of their direct and indirect U.S. shareholders and/or U.S. accountholders 
to avoid becoming subject to withholding at a rate of 30% on certain payments. The Issuer and other non-U.S. 
financial institutions may accordingly be required to report information to the IRS regarding the holders of 
Notes and to withhold on a portion of payments under the Notes to certain holders that fail to comply with the 
relevant information reporting requirements (or hold Notes directly or indirectly through certain non-compliant 
intermediaries). However, under proposed US Treasury regulations, such withholding would generally not 
apply to payments made before the date that is two years after the date on which final regulations defining 
foreign passthru payments are published in the U.S. Federal Register. In the preamble to the proposed 
regulations, the US Treasury Department indicated that taxpayers may rely on these proposed regulations until 
the issuance of final regulations. Moreover, such withholding generally would only apply to Notes that are 
characterized as debt (or which are not otherwise characterized as equity) for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
and have a fixed term that are issued at least six months after the date on which final regulations implementing 
such rule are enacted, or to Notes issued on or before such grandfathered date that are materially modified after 
such date. Holders are urged to consult their own tax advisers and any banks or brokers through which they will 
hold Notes as to the consequences (if any) of these rules to them. In the event any withholding would be required

--- Page 83 ---
83 
pursuant to FATCA or an intergovernmental agreement between a non-US jurisdiction and the United States, 
with respect to payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the 
withholding.

--- Page 84 ---
84 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
On 3 November 2023, the Issuer and ING Bank N.V. signed a Programme Agreement (as amended, 
supplemented or restated from time to time, the “Programme Agreement”), and ING Bank N.V. was appointed 
as a Dealer in respect of Note issues by the Issuer under the Programme. 
One or more other Dealers may be appointed under the Programme in respect of issues of Notes by the 
Issuer in the future. The Issuer may also issue Notes directly to purchasers thereof. 
The Issuer has prepared the Programme Agreement to which any Dealer to be appointed in connection 
with issues of Notes by the Issuer under the Programme will be required to accede, and pursuant to which any 
such Dealer may from time to time agree to purchase Notes issued by the Issuer. In the Programme Agreement, 
the Issuer has agreed to reimburse the relevant Dealers for certain of their expenses in connection with the 
Programme and the issue of Notes by the Issuer under it. 
United States  
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings 
assigned to them by Regulation S under the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes of any Series (i) as 
part of its distribution at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of an 
identifiable tranche of which Notes are a part, as determined by the relevant Dealer or, in the case of an 
identifiable tranche of Notes sold on a syndicated basis, the relevant lead manager, within the United States or 
to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons. Each Dealer has further agreed that it will have sent to each 
dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period a confirmation or other notice setting 
forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons. Until 40 days after the completion of the offering of any identifiable tranche of Notes, an offer 
or sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer whether or not participating in the offering may violate 
the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by Regulation S of the Securities Act. 
Notes in bearer form having a maturity of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral right 
to extend or rollover the term) are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a U.S. person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. 
treasury regulations. 
Notes in bearer form having a term of more than one year (taking into account any unilateral right to 
extend or rollover the term) will be issued in accordance with the provisions of United States Treasury 
regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor rules in substantially the same form as such rules for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the “Code”)) (the “TEFRA D 
Rules”), unless the relevant Final Terms specify that the Notes will be issued in accordance with the provisions 
of United States Treasury regulation section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor rules in substantially the same 
form as such rules for purposes of Section 4701 of the Code) (the “TEFRA C Rules”). 
In respect of Notes in bearer form issued or to be issued in accordance with the TEFRA D Rules, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree) that:

--- Page 85 ---
85 
 
except to the extent permitted under the TEFRA D Rules, (i) it has not offered or sold, and during the 
restricted period will not offer or sell, Notes to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a 
United States person, and (ii) such Dealer has not delivered and will not deliver within the United States or its 
possessions definitive Notes that are sold during the restricted period; 
 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Notes are aware that such Notes may not be offered 
or sold during the restricted period to a person who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States 
person, except as permitted by the TEFRA D Rules; 
 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it represents that it is acquiring the Notes for purposes of resale 
in connection with their original issuance and, if such Dealer retains Notes for its own account, it will only do so in 
accordance with the requirements of U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or any successor provision for 
purposes of Section 4701 of the Code; 
 
with respect to each affiliate (if any) that acquires from such Dealer Notes for the purposes of offering or 
selling such Notes during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) hereby represents and agrees on behalf of such 
affiliate (if any) to the effect set forth in sub-paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph or (ii) agrees that it will 
obtain from such affiliate (if any) for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-
paragraphs (a), (b) and (c) of this paragraph; and 
 
such Dealer will obtain for the benefit of the Issuer the representations and agreements contained in sub-
paragraphs (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this paragraph from any person other than its affiliate with whom it enters into a 
written contract, as defined in U.S. Treas. Reg. § 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(4) or any successor provision for purposes of 
Section 4701 of the Code, for the offer and sale of Notes during the restricted period. 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by Code and regulations thereunder, 
including the TEFRA D Rules. 
Notes issued pursuant to the TEFRA D Rules and any coupons or talons appertaining thereto will bear 
the following legend: 
“ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE.” 
Where the TEFRA C Rules are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable in relation to 
any issue of Notes in bearer form, such Notes must be issued and delivered outside the United States and its 
possessions in connection with their original issuance. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed 
(and each additional Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to represent and agree) in respect of 
such Notes that it has not offered, sold or delivered, and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, any 
such Notes within the United States or its possessions in connection with the original issuance. Further, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed (and each further Dealer appointed under the Program will be required to 
represent and agree) in connection with the original issuance of such Notes, that it has not communicated, and 
will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if such Dealer or such purchaser is 
within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve the U.S. office of such Dealer in the 
offer and sale of Notes. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the TEFRA C Rules. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies the “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors” as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed

--- Page 86 ---
86 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the 
European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
“MiFID II”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the “Prospectus 
Regulation”); and  
(B) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area (each a “Member State”), 
each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the subject 
of the offering contemplated by the Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation in the Member State (a “Non Exempt Offer”), 
following the date of publication of a prospectus in relation to such Notes which has been approved by 
the competent authority in that Member State or, where appropriate, approved in another Member State 
and notified to the competent authority in that Member State, provided that any such prospectus has 
subsequently been completed by the final terms contemplating such Non Exempt Offer, in accordance 
with the Prospectus Regulation, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such 
prospectus or final terms, as applicable and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose 
of that Non Exempt Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any person or legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; 
(d) 
at any time if the denomination per Note being offered amounts to at least €100,000 (or equivalent); or 
(e) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (e) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3 of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.

--- Page 87 ---
87 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression an “offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes in any Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information 
on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Notes and the expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specify the “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering contemplated by 
this Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United Kingdom. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
(A) 
the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of UK domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
(the “FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement the Insurance 
Distribution Directive, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of UK domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(B) 
the expression an “offer” includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Notes. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as “Not 
Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme 
will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Notes which are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by this Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the 
public in the United Kingdom except that it may make an offer of such Notes to the public in the United 
Kingdom: 
(a) 
if the final terms in relation to the Notes specify that an offer of those Notes may be made other than 
pursuant to section 86 of the FSMA (a “Public Offer”), following the date of publication of a prospectus 
in relation to such Notes which either (i) has been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority, or (ii) 
is to be treated as if it had been approved by the Financial Conduct Authority in accordance with the 
transitional provision in Regulation 74 of the Prospectus (Amendment etc.) (EU Exit) Regulations 2019, 
provided that any such prospectus has subsequently been completed by final terms contemplating such 
Public Offer, in the period beginning and ending on the dates specified in such prospectus or final terms, 
as applicable, and the Issuer has consented in writing to its use for the purpose of that Public Offer; 
(b) 
at any time to any person or legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(c) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Issuer for any such offer; or

--- Page 88 ---
88 
(d) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Notes referred to in (b) to (d) above shall require the Issuer or any Dealer to 
publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of 
the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision, the expression “an offer of Notes to the public” in relation to any 
Notes means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Notes to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Notes 
and the expression “UK Prospectus Regulation” means the Prospectus Regulation as it forms part of UK 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Belgium  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Notes specifies “Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered or sold or otherwise made available 
and that it will not offer or sell or otherwise make available the Notes to consumers 
(consumenten/consommateurs) within the meaning of the Belgian Code of Economic Law (Wetboek 
economisch recht/Code de droit économique). 
Switzerland  
Notes issued by the Issuer may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the 
meaning of the Swiss Financial Services Act (“FinSA”) and no application has or will be made to admit the 
Notes issued by the Issuer to trading on any trading venue (exchange or multilateral trading facility) in 
Switzerland. Neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offer or marketing material relating to the Notes 
constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA and, neither the Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or otherwise made publicly available in 
Switzerland. 
United Kingdom 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent and agree that, with respect to the issue of Notes by the Issuer: 
(i) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA, with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to the Notes issued by the Issuer in, from or otherwise involving the United 
Kingdom; and 
(ii) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of 
section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Notes issued by the 
Issuer in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA would not, if the Issuer was not an 
authorised person, apply to the Issuer. 
General 
Each Dealer appointed under the Programme by the Issuer will be required to agree that it will (to the 
best of its knowledge and belief) comply with all applicable securities laws and regulations in force in any 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes issued by the Issuer or possesses or distributes

--- Page 89 ---
89 
this Base Prospectus, any Final Terms or any other offering material relating to the Notes issued by the Issuer 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer, sale or delivery by it 
of Notes issued by the Issuer under the laws and regulations in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or 
in which it makes such purchases, offers, sales or deliveries and neither the Issuer nor any other Dealer shall 
have any responsibility therefor. 
Save as specifically described in this Base Prospectus, neither the Issuer nor any of the Dealers represents 
that Notes issued by the Issuer may at any time lawfully be sold in compliance with any applicable registration 
or other requirements in any jurisdiction, or pursuant to any exemption available thereunder, or assumes any 
responsibility for facilitating such sale. 
With regard to each Tranche of Notes issued by the Issuer, the relevant Dealer will be required to comply 
with such other or additional restrictions as the Issuer and the relevant Dealer shall agree and as shall be set out 
in the applicable Final Terms. 
Certain of the Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time and/or their respective affiliates 
have in the past been engaged, and may in the future, from time to time, engage in commercial banking, 
investment banking and financial advisory and ancillary activities in the ordinary course of their business with 
the Issuer or any parties related to any of them, in respect of which they have received, and may in the future 
receive, customary fees and commissions. In addition, such Dealers and/or their respective affiliates, including, 
as applicable, their respective asset management affiliates, have in the past held, and may in the future, from 
time to time, hold positions in shares, bonds or other instruments of the Issuer or any of their respective affiliates 
or have derivatives related to these instruments. 
In connection with a proposed or agreed issue of Notes, the Dealers and any of their respective affiliates, 
acting as an investor for its own account, may take up Notes and in that capacity may retain, purchase or sell 
for its own account such securities or related investments and may offer or sell such Notes or other investments 
otherwise than in connection with the proposed issuance of Notes. Accordingly, references in this Base 
Prospectus to Notes being offered or placed should be read as including any offering or placement of Notes to 
any of the Dealers or any of their respective affiliates acting in such capacity.  
None of the Dealers appointed under the Programme from time to time intends to disclose the extent of 
any such investment or transactions otherwise than pursuant to any legal or regulatory obligation to do so. In 
addition, certain of the Dealers or their affiliates may enter into financing arrangements (including swaps) with 
investors in connection with which such Dealers (or their affiliates) may from time to time acquire, hold or 
dispose of Notes. As a result of acting in the capacities described above, the Dealers may have interests that 
may not be aligned, or could potentially conflict, with investors’ and the interests of the Issuer.

--- Page 90 ---
90 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
The establishment of the Programme and the issue of Notes by the Issuer thereunder have been duly 
authorised with respect to the Issuer by (i) a resolution of the Supervisory Board of ING Bank N.V. dated 21 
February 2005 and by resolutions of the Management Board of ING Bank N.V. dated 20 June 2005 as lastly 
superseded by its resolution on 16 August 2010 and (ii) by a resolution of the Executive Board of the Issuer 
dated 21 April 2006 as lastly superseded by its resolution on 21 August 2023. All consents, approvals, 
authorisations or other orders of all regulatory authorities required by the Issuer under the laws of the 
Netherlands, have been given (a) for the issue of Notes by the Issuer and (b) for the Issuer to undertake and 
perform its obligations under the Programme Agreement, the Agency Agreement and the Notes. 
403 Declaration and ING Bank Guarantee 
 
Set out below is an unofficial English translation of the guarantee (the “403 Declaration”) given by ING 
Bank N.V. (formarly known as NMB Postbank Groep N.V.) in respect of debt obligations of the Issuer (formarly 
known as Bergerzicht B.V.): 
“Guarantee 
 
The undersigned, NMB Postbank Groep N.V., with its statutory seat in Amsterdam, hereby declares that 
as of 14.12.1990, it will be, without any reservation, liable for all obligations of: 
 
Bergerzicht B.V.  
 
With its statutory seat in Amsterdam and registered at the Dutch Chamber of Commerce in Amsterdam 
under file number 160155. 
 
Amsterdam, 14.12.1990 
 
NMB Postbank Groep N.V.”. 
 
While the Issuer accepts responsibility for the above as set out in this Base Prospectus, the official Dutch 
language 403 Declaration which can be obtained from the Trade Register of the Amsterdam Chamber of Commerce 
at De Ruyterkade 5, P.O. Box 2852, 1000 CW Amsterdam, The Netherlands or from the Issuer shall supersede the 
English language text contained herein. 
 
The 403 Declaration is part of the Dutch company law provisions designed to enable subsidiaries of parent 
companies which publish consolidated annual accounts to obtain an exemption from the requirements to separately 
publish their own annual accounts. One of the conditions for obtaining such exemption is that a 403 Declaration is 
issued by the parent company and deposited with the Trade Register of the Chamber of Commerce in the place where 
the subsidiary is established. The statutory provisions relating to 403 Declarations are contained in Article 2:403 and 
following of the Dutch Civil Code. A 403 Declaration is an unqualified statement by the parent company that the 
parent company is jointly and severally liable with the subsidiary for the debts of the subsidiary. The 403 Declaration 
set out above constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of ING Bank N.V., enforceable in accordance with 
its terms. Thus, the effect of the issue and deposit by ING Bank N.V. of its 403 Declaration is that ING Bank N.V. 
and the Issuer have become jointly and severally liable for all debts of the Issuer arising from transactions entered 
into by the Issuer after the date of the deposit. The 403 Declaration accordingly constitutes a guarantee by ING Bank 
N.V. for any debt instruments issued by the Issuer. If the Issuer should default under the debt instruments, holders 
concerned may claim against both or either of the Issuer and ING Bank N.V. The liability of ING Bank N.V. under 
the 403 Declaration is unconditional and not limited in amount, nor is it limited to certain specific types of obligation. 
Legal defences available to the Issuer against the holder concerned will likewise be available to ING Bank N.V. A

--- Page 91 ---
91 
403 Declaration may be revoked by the giver at any time. If the 403 Declaration is revoked by ING Bank N.V., the 
situation under Dutch law would be as follows: 
(i) 
ING Bank N.V. would remain liable in respect of Notes issued by the Issuer prior to the effective 
date of revocation; and 
(ii) 
ING Bank N.V. would not be liable for debt instruments issued by the Issuer after the effective 
date of revocation. 
The law of The Netherlands provides for one instance (i.e. the situation in which the Issuer would no 
longer be a subsidiary or group company of ING Bank N.V.) where revocation of the 403 Declaration is under 
certain conditions capable of releasing ING Bank N.V. from all obligations under the 403 Declaration; however, 
in such event, there are elaborate statutory provisions to protect the rights of creditors of the Issuer. The 403 
Declaration constitutes a statement of joint and several liability governed by and construed in accordance with 
the laws of The Netherlands. 
Clearing Systems 
The Notes issued by the Issuer may be cleared through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, or such 
additional or alternative clearing and/or settlement system as specified in the applicable Final Terms. The 
appropriate identification code for each Tranche or series allocated by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg 
will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Notes issued by the Issuer are to clear through an additional 
or alternative clearing and/or settlement system, the appropriate information will be specified in the applicable 
Final Terms. 
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium. The address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg.   
Issue Information 
The issue price and the amount of the relevant Notes will be determined, before filing of the applicable 
Final Terms of each Tranche, based on the prevailing market conditions. Unless otherwise indicated in the 
applicable Final Terms of a Tranche, the Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Notes. 
Significant or Material Adverse Change 
At the date hereof, there has been no significant change in the financial position or performance of ING 
Groenbank N.V. since 31 December 2022. 
At the date hereof, there has been no material adverse change in the prospects of ING Groenbank N.V. 
since 31 December 2022. 
For information on any significant change in the financial or trading position of ING Bank N.V. and its 
consolidated subsidiaries  and/or any material adverse change in the prospects of ING Bank N.V., see “General 
Information – Significant or Material Adverse Change” and “Description of ING Bank – Significant 
Developments 2022 and Significant Developments 2023” in the ING Bank Registration Document. 
Litigation 
There have not been any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings 
which are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware), nor have there been any such proceedings during

--- Page 92 ---
92 
the 12 months before the date of this Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant 
effects on the financial position or profitability of the Issuer. 
For information on any governmental, regulatory, arbitration and legal proceedings and/or investigations 
of ING Bank N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries, see “General Information – Litigation” of the ING Bank 
Registration Document. 
The EU Credit Rating Agencies Regulation 
ING Bank N.V. has a senior debt rating from S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited (“S&P”), Moody’s 
Investors France S.A.S. (“Moody’s”) and Fitch Ratings Ireland Limited (“Fitch”), details of which are 
contained in the ING Bank Registration Document. S&P, Moody’s and Fitch are established in the European 
Union and are registered under the Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 of the European Parliament and of the 
Council of 16 September 2009 on credit rating agencies (as amended from time to time, the “CRA 
Regulation”).  
The European Securities and Market Association (“ESMA”) is obliged to maintain on its website a list 
of credit rating agencies registered in accordance with the CRA Regulation. This list must be updated within 5 
working days of ESMA’s adoption of any decision to withdraw the registration of a credit rating agency under 
the CRA Regulation. 
Credit Ratings  
For information on the credit ratings of ING Bank N.V. and its consolidated subsidiaries (including the 
Issuer), see “General Information – Ratings” of the ING Bank Registration Document. 
S&P 
In accordance with S&P's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://disclosure.spglobal.com/ratings/en/regulatory/article/-/view/sourceId/504352, a long-term obligation 
rated 'A' is somewhat more susceptible to the adverse effects of changes in circumstances and economic 
conditions than obligations in higher-rated categories. However, the obligor's capacity to meet its financial 
commitments on the obligation is still strong.  
S&P ratings from 'AA' to 'CCC' may be modified by the addition of a plus (+) or minus (-) sign to show 
relative standing within the rating categories. 
Moody’s 
In accordance with Moody's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.moodys.com/researchdocumentcontentpage.aspx?docid=PBC_79004, long-term obligations rated 
Baa are judged to be medium-grade and subject to moderate credit risk and as such may possess certain 
speculative characteristics. Furthermore, long-term obligations rated A are judged to be upper-medium grade 
and are subject to low credit risk. 
Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through 
Caa. The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category, the 
modifier 2 indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic 
rating category. 
Fitch 
In accordance with Fitch's ratings definitions available as at the date of this Base Prospectus on 
https://www.fitchratings.com/products/rating-definitions#about-rating-definitions, long-term A’ ratings denote

--- Page 93 ---
93 
expectations of low default risk. The capacity for payment of financial commitments is considered strong. This 
capacity may, nevertheless, be more vulnerable to adverse business or economic conditions than is the case for 
higher ratings. Furthermore, long-term AA’ ratings denote expectations of very low default risk. They indicate 
very strong capacity for payment of financial commitments. This capacity is not significantly vulnerable to 
foreseeable events. 
Within rating categories, Fitch may use modifiers. The modifiers "+" or "-" may be appended to a rating 
to denote relative status within major rating categories. 
Auditor 
The financial statements of the Issuer for the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 
2021, respectively, have been audited by KPMG Accountants N.V. The auditors of KPMG Accountants N.V. 
are members of the Royal Dutch Institute of Chartered Accountants (Nederlandse Beroepsorganisatie van 
Accountants), which is a member of the International Federation of Accountants (IFAC). KPMG Accountants 
N.V. has issued an unqualified auditor’s report with respect to the financial statements for the financial year 
ended 31 December 2022 dated 22 June 2023 and an unqualified auditor’s report with respect to the financial 
statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2021 dated 22 June 2022. 
The auditor’s report in respect of the financial years ended 31 December 2022 and 31 December 2021, 
respectively, incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus are included in the form and context in which 
they appear with the consent of KPMG Accountants N.V., who have authorised the contents of these auditor’s 
reports. As the securities to be issued have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act, KPMG 
have not filed and will not file a consent under the Securities Act with respect to this auditor’s report. 
For information on the auditor if the financial statements of ING Bank N.V. and its consolidated 
subsidiaries (including the Issuer), see “General Information – Auditor” of the ING Bank Registration 
Document. 
Market Information 
The Base Prospectus cites market share information published by third parties. The Issuer has accurately 
reproduced such third-party information in the Base Prospectus and, as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to 
ascertain from information published by these third parties, no facts have been omitted which would render the 
information reproduced herein to be inaccurate or misleading. Nevertheless, investors should take into 
consideration that the Issuer has not verified the information published by third parties. Therefore, the Issuer 
does not guarantee or assume any responsibility for the accuracy of the data, estimates or other information 
taken from sources in the public domain. The Base Prospectus also contains assessments of market data and 
information derived therefrom which could not be obtained from any independent sources. Such information is 
based on the Issuer’s own internal assessments and may therefore deviate from the assessments of competitors 
of ING or future statistics by independent sources. 
Calculation of Yield 
The yield for any particular Series of Fixed Rate Notes will be specified in the applicable Final Terms 
and will be calculated on the basis of the compound annual rate of return if the relevant Notes were to be 
purchased at the Issue Price on the Issue Date and held to maturity. Set out below is the formula for the purposes 
of calculating the yield of Fixed Rate Notes.

--- Page 94 ---
94 
Issue Price = Rate of Interest × 
1 − (
1
(1 + Yield)n)
Yield
 + [Final Redemption Amount × 
1
(1 + Yield)n] 
Where: 
“Rate of Interest” means the Rate of Interest expressed as a percentage as specified in the applicable 
Final Terms and adjusted according to the frequency i.e. for a semi-annual paying Note, the Rate of 
Interest is half the stated annualised Rate of Interest in the Final Terms; 
“Yield” means the yield to maturity calculated on a frequency commensurate with the frequency of 
interest payments as specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
“n” means the number of interest payments to maturity. 
Set out below is a worked example illustrating how the yield on a Series of Fixed Rate Notes could be 
calculated on the basis of the above formula. It is provided for purposes of illustration only and should 
not be taken as an indication or prediction of the yield for any Series of Notes; it is intended merely to 
illustrate the way which the above formula could be applied. 
 
Where: 
n = 5 
Rate of interest = 3.00 per cent. 
Issue Price = 104.71 per cent. 
Final Redemption Amount = 100 per cent. 
104.71 = 3.00
1 − [
1
(1 + Yield)5]
Yield
 + [100 × 
1
(1 + Yield)5] 
 
Yield = 2.00 per cent. (calculated by iteration) 
  
The yield specified in the applicable Final Terms in respect of a Series of Fixed Rate Notes will not be 
indication of future yield.

--- Page 95 ---
95 
REGISTERED OFFICES 
REGISTERED AND PRINCIPAL OFFICE OF THE ISSUER 
ING Groenbank N.V. 
Bijlmerdreef 106 
1102 CT Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
ARRANGER AND DEALER 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
AGENT  
The Bank of New York Mellon, London Branch 
160 Queen Victoria Street 
London EC4V 4LA 
United Kingdom 
PAYING AGENTS  
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam  
The Netherlands 
ING Luxembourg S.A. 
26, Place de la Gare 
L-2965 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
 
AMSTERDAM LISTING AGENT 
ING Bank N.V. 
Foppingadreef 7 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
LUXEMBOURG LISTING AGENT 
ING Luxembourg S.A. 
26, Place de la Gare 
L-2965 Luxembourg 
Grand Duchy of Luxembourg 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE ISSUER 
Simmons & Simmons LLP 
(as to Dutch law matters) 
Claude Debussylaan 247 
1082 MC Amsterdam 
The Netherlands 
 
INDEPENDENT PUBLIC ACCOUNTANTS OF ING BANK N.V. 
KPMG Accountants N.V. 
Laan van Langerhuize 1 
1186 DS Amstelveen 
The Netherlands 
 
 
 
 
 
L_LIVE_EMEA2: 102262089