--- Page 1 ---
ING Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna 
(incorporated as a joint-stock company under the laws of the Republic of Poland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000  
Programme for the issuance of the Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme (the Programme), ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna, with its registered offices at ul. Chorzowska 50, 
40-101 Katowice, Poland (the Bank) may from time to time issue mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) (the Covered Bonds).  The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 
5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement), subject to increase as described herein.   
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General description of the programme" and to 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Bank (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment 
may be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered 
Bonds being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Covered Bonds. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent 
authority under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The CSSF has only approved this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should not be considered as an 
endorsement of the Bank.  The CSSF's approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the Covered Bonds and investors in the 
Covered Bonds should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.   
By approving the Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this 
Base Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Bank in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for 
securities.  Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Application will be made 
to list the Covered Bonds on Warsaw Stock Exchange and to trade the Covered Bonds on the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange.  The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer.  The Bank may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted 
to trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or 
that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange's regulated market.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's 
regulated market and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's regulated market are regulated markets for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments 
Directive (Directive 2014/65/EU). 
In order to be able to conduct a listing in relation to certain issuances of Covered Bonds and/or to list certain Covered Bonds on the regulated market of 
the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the Bank applied for a notification of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation into the 
Republic of Poland (Poland).  The Bank may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European 
Economic Area (the EEA) with a notification. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date and will expire on 20 August 
2025 in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the EEA and/or offered to the public in the 
EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  The obligation to 
supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this 
Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") of Covered Bonds will 
be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Covered Bonds to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.luxse.com). 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any 
state securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be offered and sold outside the 
United States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) in compliance 
with applicable securities laws. 
Moody's Investors Service España, S.A. (Moody's) is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).  As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority 
(ESMA) on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Moody's is not 
established in the United Kingdom and has not applied for registration under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue 
of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the UK CRA Regulation).  Accordingly, the rating(s) issued by Moody's will be endorsed by Moody's

--- Page 2 ---
Investors Service Ltd in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation.  Moody's Investors Service Ltd is established in the United Kingdom and registered 
under the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned a rating by Moody's.  However, the Bank may also issue Covered Bonds 
which are unrated or rated by another rating agency.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final 
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Covered Bonds.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
ING 
 
ING Bank Śląski 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under 
www.luxse.com, will be available free of charge at the specified offices of the Bank and will be published in electronic form on the website of the Bank 
under www.inghipoteczny.pl. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 20 August 2024.

--- Page 3 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes the base prospectus of ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna (the Bank) in respect 
of Covered Bonds (the Base Prospectus).  This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the 
purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus 
Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 
2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the 
EUWA).  This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction with any supplement thereto.  
Full information on the Bank and any Tranche of Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of this Base Prospectus, including any supplements thereto, and applicable final terms (the Final 
Terms). 
The Bank, with its registered office at ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland, is solely responsible for 
the information given in this Base Prospectus.  The Bank hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable 
care to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is 
responsible, is to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to 
affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in 
it by reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference").  This Base Prospectus shall be read and 
construed on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see "Documents 
Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the CSSF. 
Neither ING Bank N.V. (ING NV) nor ING Bank Śląski S.A. (ING BSK and, together with ING NV, the 
Arrangers and each of them the Arranger) nor any other Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus, excluding the Bank, has independently verified the information contained herein.  Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is 
accepted by the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information 
contained or incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Bank in 
connection with the Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be 
considered as a recommendation by the Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers that any recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered 
Bonds should purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds 
should make its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of 
the creditworthiness of the Bank.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in 
connection with the Programme nor the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on 
behalf of the Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any 
Covered Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in 
any circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank is correct at any time 
subsequent to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is 
correct as of any time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Arrangers 
and the other Dealers expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank 
during the life of the Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to 
their attention.

--- Page 4 ---
(ii) 
 
 
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered 
Bonds in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such 
jurisdiction.  The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted 
by law in certain jurisdictions.  The Bank, the Arrangers and the other Dealers do not represent that this Base 
Prospectus may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance 
with any applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption 
available thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In 
particular, no action has been taken by the Bank, the Arrangers or the other Dealers which would permit a 
public offering of any Covered Bonds outside the EEA or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any 
jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, 
directly or indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may 
be distributed or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with 
any applicable laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered 
Bonds may come must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this 
Base Prospectus and the offering and sale of Covered Bonds.  In particular, there are restrictions on the 
distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States of America, 
the EEA (including Belgium and Poland), Japan and the United Kingdom (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from 
the requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  Accordingly any person making or 
intending to make an offer in a Member State of Covered Bonds which are the subject of an offering 
contemplated in this Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Covered 
Bonds may only do so in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Bank, the Arrangers or any other 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither 
the Bank nor the Arrangers nor any other Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer 
of Covered Bonds in circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Bank, the Arrangers or any other 
Dealer to publish or supplement this Base Prospectus for such offer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Covered 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other 
professional advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, the appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
understands that an investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of 
the Bank only and not that of any other entities; and 
(vi) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for 
economic, interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the 
applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain 
investors are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  
Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered

--- Page 5 ---
(iii) 
 
 
Bonds are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing 
and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds.  Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered 
Bonds under any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules. 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities 
laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
offered and sold outside the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
This Base Prospectus contains selected macroeconomic, industry and statistical data as well as data relating to 
the ING Bank Śląski group (the Group) which has been derived from publicly available sources, including 
official industry sources and other third-party sources, such as financial statements of the Group which do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  The Bank believes that such data is reliable but cannot guarantee its 
accuracy and completeness.  Such information, data and statistics may be based on a number of assumptions 
and estimates and may be subject to rounding. 
The Bank confirms, in relation to information in this Base Prospectus which was sourced from a third party, 
this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Bank is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars, all references to "PLN" 
and "Zloty" refer to Polish zloty, all references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, all references to 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic 
and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time 
to time, and all references to "Swiss Francs" and "CHF" refer to the currency of Switzerland.   
As at 19 August 2024, the EUR/PLN spot exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland was EUR 
1.00 = PLN 4.2693. 
Certain figures in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments.  Accordingly, amounts 
shown as totals in tables or elsewhere may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede 
them. 
The term "mortgage covered bond" as used herein corresponds to the use of the term "hipoteczny list 
zastawny" as used in Polish legislation.  Covered Bonds (as so capitalised) means mortgage covered bonds in 
bearer form. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to one of 
EURIBOR or WIBOR as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of EURIBOR and WIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds 
includes a legend entitled "Prohibition of sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended 
to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold

--- Page 6 ---
(iv) 
 
 
or otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, 
a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 
4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive 
(EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as 
defined in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be 
unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of 
the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate.  Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.   
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product 
Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any 
Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise 
neither the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose 
of the MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds may 
include a legend entitled "UK MiFIR Product Governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
distributor should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the 
FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution 
channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR 
Product Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of 
such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates 
will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds – None of the Arrangers, Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates accepts any responsibility for any environmental or sustainability assessment of any 
Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds or makes any representation or warranty or gives any

--- Page 7 ---
(v) 
 
 
assurance as to whether such Covered Bonds will meet any investor expectations or requirements regarding 
such "green" or similar labels.  None of the Arranger, Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates have 
undertaken, nor are they responsible for, any assessment of the Eligible Green Loan Portfolios (as defined in 
the "Use of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus), any verification of whether the Eligible Green Loan 
Portfolios meet any eligibility criteria set out in the Green Covered Bond Framework (as defined in the "Use 
of Proceeds" section of this Base Prospectus) nor are they is responsible for the use of proceeds (or amounts 
equal thereto) for any Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such 
use of proceeds or the allocation of the proceeds to particular Eligible Green Loan Portfolios.  No 
representation or assurance is given by the Bank or any of the Arrangers or Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of 
Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by 
the Bank or any Arranger or Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Covered Bonds.  In the event any such 
Covered Bonds are, or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other 
equivalently-labelled segment of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is 
given by the Bank or any of the Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the 
lifetime of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme ..................................................................................................... 2 
Risk factors ................................................................................................................................................. 9 
Risks related to the Bank's financial situation ................................................................................... 9 
Risks related to the Bank's business activities and industry ............................................................. 13 
Legal and regulatory risks .............................................................................................................. 16 
Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds ............................................................................ 18 
Risks related to the admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated market .................... 26 
Use of proceeds .......................................................................................................................................... 28 
Documents incorporated by reference ......................................................................................................... 30 
Form of the Covered Bonds ...................................................................................................................... 32 
Form of Final Terms ................................................................................................................................... 34 
Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds ........................................................................................... 44 
Market overview ....................................................................................................................................... 68 
Selected financial information of the Bank .................................................................................................. 76 
Description of the Bank ............................................................................................................................ 84 
Management of the Bank .......................................................................................................................... 92 
Related party transactions........................................................................................................................ 94 
Overview of legal regulations concerning the banking sector ................................................................. 95 
Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds legislation ................................................................................... 98 
Bankruptcy and insolvency .................................................................................................................... 103 
Taxation .................................................................................................................................................. 108 
Subscription and sale ................................................................................................................................ 116 
General information ............................................................................................................................... 121

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, 
the remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980. 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Covered Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds" shall have the same meanings in this description. 
 
Issuer: 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
2594006G5AW3PX0GET92 
Description: 
Programme for the issuance of Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne). 
Arrangers: 
ING Bank N.V. and ING Bank Śląski S.A. 
Dealers: 
ING Bank N.V., ING Bank Śląski S.A. and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Bank's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  These are 
set out under "Risk Factors".  In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  These are set out under 
"Risk Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of 
particular Series of Covered Bonds and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 of 
the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional investors 
and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, see 
"Subscription and Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described under "General description of the programme") outstanding at 
any time.  The Bank may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis and subject to 
certain restrictions, as described under "Subscription and Sale".   
Series and Tranches: 
Covered Bonds will be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches with no 
minimum issue size, each Tranche consisting of Covered Bonds which are 
identical in all respects.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and forming 
a single series and identical in all respects, but having different issue dates, 
interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first interest 
payments may form a series (Series) of Covered Bonds.  Further Covered 
Bonds may be issued as part of an existing Series.  The specific terms of 
each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Bank or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued only on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at their nominal amount or at a discount to, or premium 
over, their nominal amount. 
Type of Covered Bonds: 
For a description of certain aspects relevant to the Covered Bonds, see 
"Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds legislation". 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of 
the Covered Bonds". 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined on the 
basis of the reference rate set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period 
(as defined in the Final Terms), as agreed prior to issue by the Bank and 
the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates (as 
defined in the Final Terms), and will be calculated on the basis of such Day 
Count Fraction (as defined in the Final Terms), as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate that the Covered Bond Holders 
are not entitled to request redemption of the Covered Bonds prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
 
Under the Polish Act on Bonds, if the Bank is subject to non-bankruptcy 
liquidation (likwidacja), the Bank shall redeem the Covered Bonds at par 
on the opening day of such non-bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja) 
proceedings.  If the Bank is subject to a merger (połączenie), division 
(podział) or transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej), and the entity 
that has taken over all or a portion of the Bank's obligations under the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to such merger (połączenie), division (podział) or

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) is not permitted under the 
Polish Covered Bonds Act to issue covered bonds, the Bank or its 
successor entity shall redeem such Covered Bonds at par. The terms non-
bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja), merger (połączenie), division (podział) 
and transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) in this paragraph shall 
have the meaning as prescribed under Polish law. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject to 
Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the 
Bank's Bankruptcy", each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Bank at 
100 per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions". 
Extended maturity in the event 
of the Bank's bankruptcy:  
Upon a Bankruptcy Event of the Bank (as defined in Condition 5(c) of the 
Conditions), the maturity of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the 
Bank, including the Covered Bonds, will automatically be extended by 12 
months (the Extended Maturity Date).  While interest under all of the 
Bank's covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) will continue to be 
payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms, a 
Bankruptcy Event may affect the timing and amount of principal to be paid 
to Covered Bond Holders. 
 
On the date of the Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy court will appoint a 
bankruptcy receiver (syndyk) who will assume responsibility for the 
administration of the Bank's assets.  Within three months of the 
Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy receiver must conduct, in accordance 
with the Polish Bankruptcy Law: 
 
 
a coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) to determine whether the 
assets forming the separate bankruptcy asset pool (osobna masa 
upadłości) of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's 
obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered bonds 
(including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank; and  
 
 
a liquidity test (test płynności) to determine whether the assets 
forming the separate bankruptcy asset pool of the Bank are 
sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards all holders 
of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into 
account the Extended Maturity Dates of all outstanding covered 
bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank. 
 
If the results of both the coverage test and the liquidity test are positive, the 
claims of the Holders of the Covered Bonds for the repayment of principal 
are to be fulfilled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms up to the Extended 
Maturity Date.   
 
If the result of the coverage test is positive but the result of the liquidity 
test is negative, or if the result of the coverage test is negative, the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds will be extended by three years from the latest 
maturity date of a receivable in the cover pool. 
 
In certain circumstances provided by Polish law, the claims of the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds for the payment of principal may be satisfied sooner 
than the applicable extended maturity dates pursuant to pass-through 
procedures from the receivables in the cover pool.

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
 
In addition, the holders of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the 
Bank may, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, adopt 
resolutions requesting the bankruptcy receiver to sell the cover pool 
(Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the 
Bank's Bankruptcy").   
 
Other circumstances may affect the timing and amount of principal to be 
paid to Covered Bond Holders.  For further details see Condition 5(c) 
"Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy" 
of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Overview of the 
Polish Covered Bonds legislation". 
Denomination 
of 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see "Certain Restrictions", and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if 
the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by a Tax 
Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 6 "Taxation" of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds unless such deduction is required by 
law.  In the event that any such deduction is made, the Bank will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 6 "Taxation" of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds will not contain a 
negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds will not contain a cross 
default provision. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations 
of the Bank and rank pari passu among themselves.  The Covered Bonds 
are covered in accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act and rank 
pari passu with all other covered and unsubordinated present and future 
obligations of the Bank which have the same status as the Covered Bonds 
under the Polish Covered Bonds Act. 
Label: 
The Covered Bonds constitute "European Covered Bonds" (europejskie 
listy zastawne, or europejskie obligacje zabezpieczone) within the meaning 
of Article 27(1) of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of 
covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending 
Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU. If the Covered Bonds comply 
with the requirements set out in Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 
on prudential requirements for credit institutions and investment firms and 
amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012 (the CRR), they may be labelled 
as a "European Covered Bonds (Premium)" (europejskie listy zastawne 
(premium), or europejskie obligacje zabezpieczone (premium)) in the 
relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
Subordination: 
Covered Bonds may not be issued on a subordinated basis. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency. 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
Application may be made to list Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
the Warsaw Stock Exchange and to admit to trading the Covered Bonds on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the 
Regulated Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
 
Each of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market and the 
Warsaw Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MiFID II.  The Programme provides that Covered Bonds 
may be listed on further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between the 
Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Covered Bonds may further be issued under 
the Programme without being listed on any stock exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the Covered Bonds 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or markets. 
Clearing: 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, as more fully described under "Form of the 
Covered Bonds".   
Payments: 
Payments on Global Covered Bonds will be made to Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), as relevant, or to its order for credit to the relevant 
accountholders of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The Bank will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as relevant, and each Holder of Covered Bonds represented 
by a Global Covered Bond held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for its share of any payments so made by the Bank. 
Notification: 
In order to be able to list certain Covered Bonds on the Regulated Market 
of the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the Bank applied initially for a notification 
of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation 
into Poland. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom 
or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Polish law. 
 
The Polish common court appropriate for the registered seat of the Bank at 
the time of making a claim shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the 
Covered Bonds.  The Polish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
lost or destroyed Covered Bonds.

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Covered Bonds in 
the United States of America, the European Economic Area (including 
Belgium and Poland), Japan, the United Kingdom and such other 
restrictions as may be required in connection with the offering and sale of a 
particular Tranche of Covered Bonds (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any state securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be offered 
and sold outside the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S in compliance with applicable 
securities laws. 
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulations section, including, without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (TEFRA D) or 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulations section, including, without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (TEFRA C), unless the Covered Bonds are issued in circumstances 
in which the Covered Bonds will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which circumstances 
will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.   
Representation of the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds: 
There is no provision for the representation of Holders of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Calculating the PLN equivalent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
For the purpose of calculating the PLN equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme from time to time: 
(a) 
the PLN equivalent of Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, described under "Form of the Covered 
Bonds") shall be determined, at the discretion of the Bank, either as of the date on which agreement is 
reached for the issue of Covered Bonds or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and 
foreign exchange markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate 
for the sale of the PLN against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign 
exchange market quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Bank on the relevant day of 
calculation; and 
(b) 
the PLN equivalent of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, described under "Form of the Covered Bonds") and other Covered 
Bonds issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by 
reference to the net proceeds received by the Bank for the relevant issue. 
Principal Paying Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Programme provides for the following initial agents: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
The Bank may vary or terminate the appointment of the agents and may appoint other or additional agents.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
Ratings 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the 
rating(s) assigned to Covered Bonds already issued.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the 
applicable rating(s) will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for 
in relation to a relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is 
certified under the CRA Regulation, and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK 
CRA Regulation, will, in each case, be disclosed in the Final Terms.  In general, European regulated investors 
are restricted from using a rating for regulatory purposes in the EEA unless such rating is issued by a credit 
rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation (and such registration has not 
been withdrawn or suspended, subject to transitional provisions that apply in certain circumstances) or (1) the 
rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating 
agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  In 
general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for UK regulatory purposes unless such 
rating is issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation 
or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed by a UK 
registered credit rating agency or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK 
which is certified in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at: www.luxse.com, will be available free of charge at the specified offices of 
the Bank (at the request of potential investors) and will be published on the website of the Bank at: 
www.inghipoteczny.pl.   
Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds issued by the Bank which are listed on a Regulated Market on any stock 
exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be available on the website of the Bank at: www.inghipoteczny.pl 
and will, if legally required, be published in any other form.  Furthermore, in relation to Covered Bonds which 
are listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be available on the website 
of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.luxse.com.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  There is a wide range of risks which 
individually or together could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due.  The Bank has 
described in this Base Prospectus risks which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to 
make payments due known to the Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  In addition, risks which are 
material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds are also described 
below.  It cannot be excluded that new risks, not known to the Bank as the date of this Base Prospectus, may 
arise.  Additionally, certain risks which the Bank currently deems not to be material may become material as 
a result of the occurrence of events outside the Bank's control.  Prospective investors should also read the 
detailed information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any 
investment decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BANK'S FINANCIAL SITUATION, MARKET ENVIRONMENT AND 
GENERAL ECONOMIC AND POLITICAL TRENDS 
Deterioration in Poland's economic condition could affect the Bank's business, financial condition and 
results of operations  
The Bank conducts its operations in Poland.  As a result, the macroeconomic situation in Poland has a 
material impact on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. 
The economic situation in Poland depends on a number of factors, including measures by which a government 
attempts to influence the economy, such as setting levels of taxation, government budgets, the money supply 
and interest rates as well as the labour market, the demographic situation in the country, macroeconomic 
conditions in the world and in Europe and the inflow of funds from the European Union. 
A potential prolonged economic slowdown in Poland would damage the Bank's operations.  Higher 
unemployment and lower consumption, as well as fluctuations in the financial markets (including the currency 
markets), may adversely affect the financial condition of the Bank's customers, which could, in turn, impair 
the quality and volume of the Bank's loans and advances portfolios and other financial assets.  In addition, in 
unstable market conditions, the value of assets securing loans in the Bank's portfolio, may decline 
significantly. 
On 24 February 2022 Russia invaded Ukraine and launched a full scale military attack against Ukraine. As of 
the date of this Base Prospectus Russia is occupying several regions in Ukraine and military operations 
continue to be conducted in the territory of Ukraine.  It is not possible to predict when the war will finish and 
what will be the result of the war.  The war caused increased market volatility and has had and continues to 
have a negative effect on the Polish economy.  In particular, disruptions to the supply of commodities and fuel 
led to a significant increase in inflation which in February 2023 reached 18.4 per cent. year-on-year, the 
highest level in Poland since 1996.  High inflation and economic uncertainty has led to a decrease in consumer 
consumption and demand for loans. Although the inflation has decreased to 2.6 per cent. year-on-year in June 
2024, it is still possible that will increase again and will be significantly above the inflation target set by the 
National Bank of Poland (the NBP), which is 2.5 per cent.  Sustained high inflation may have a negative 
effect on the financial standing of the Bank's customers, in particular the individuals.  The Bank's customers 
may experience difficulties in satisfying their obligations towards the Bank which, in turn, may negatively 
affect the Bank's financial condition and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank's business, as well as the successful implementation of its strategy, is highly dependent on the 
financial situation of its customers and their ability to repay existing loans.  The financial situation of Polish 
households, including the Bank's customers, is highly correlated with the unemployment rate.  An increase in 
the unemployment rate in Poland could cause an increase in the Bank's expected credit losses or hinder 
growth of the Bank's loans and advances portfolio.

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
Any deterioration in economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland may have a material adverse 
effect on the business, financial condition and operations of the Bank and may adversely affect the ability of 
the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the 
Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
The economic conditions in Central and Eastern Europe and the devaluation of the currencies in these 
countries could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The performance of the European markets and economies is currently facing heightened uncertainty especially 
due to the Russian invasion of Ukraine, increasing interest rates and inflation, as well as high prices of energy. 
These factors may still have significant impact on the European markets in the coming years. 
There is a perception among certain investors that the economic or financial conditions of Central and Eastern 
European countries influence the economic or financial conditions of Poland, and that financial assets of 
Central and Eastern European countries may be treated as the same "asset class" by foreign investors.  As a 
result, investors may reduce their investments in Polish financial assets due to deteriorating economic or 
financial conditions in other countries of Central and Eastern Europe.  Specifically, the devaluation or 
depreciation of any of the currencies in Central and Eastern Europe could impair the strength of PLN.  A 
depreciation of PLN against foreign currencies may make it more difficult for the Bank's customers to repay 
their obligations denominated in a foreign currency, which could also have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations.  The financial problems faced by the Bank's 
customers could also adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations.  
Market turmoil and economic deterioration could adversely affect the respective liquidity, businesses and/or 
financial conditions of the Bank's borrowers, which could in turn impair the Bank's loan portfolio and other 
financial assets and result in decreased demand for the Group's, including the Bank's products.  In an 
environment of significant market turmoil, economic deterioration and increasing unemployment, coupled 
with declining consumer spending, the value of assets collateralising the Bank's secured loans could also 
decline significantly.  The occurrence of any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on 
the business, financial condition, results of operations and/or prospects of the Bank. 
Adverse macroeconomic conditions or negative developments in the financial markets or legal and political 
environment could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations. It may adversely affect the ability of the Bank to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds 
and/or the market value and/or the liquidity of the Covered Bonds in the secondary market. 
Borrowers may fail to duly perform their obligations under the mortgage loans 
The Bank is exposed to potential credit-related losses that can occur as a result of borrowers being unable or 
unwilling to honour their contractual obligations.  Like any financial services organisation, the Bank assumes 
credit risk where it relies on the ability of the borrowers to satisfy their financial obligations to the Bank on a 
timely basis. 
There are various factors that influence borrowers' ability to satisfy their financial obligations under mortgage 
loans in the Bank's portfolio.  These factors range from the overall economic conditions to events affecting 
individual borrowers, such as changes in market interest rates, foreign exchange rates, international, national 
or local economic conditions, regional economic or housing conditions, changes in tax laws, inflation or real 
estate property values, unemployment, the financial standing of borrowers, the availability of financing, 
political developments and government policies, changes in the personal or financial condition of the 
borrowers or other, similar factors.  In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a property mortgaged as 
security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amount outstanding under that loan depends on a 
number of factors, including the availability of buyers for the property, the value of that property and property 
values in general at any given time.

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
The Bank maintains credit approval and monitoring procedures.  However, there can be no assurance that 
these credit approval and monitoring procedures will successfully protect the Bank from material credit losses 
or reduce the amount of provisions for mortgage loans that become non-performing in the future. 
Decrease of the borrowers' ability to duly perform their obligations under the mortgage loans due to any of the 
factors specified above or increase in the delinquency rates and prepayment rates may have an adverse effect 
on the business and profitability of the Bank and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's ability to 
meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank's refinancing costs may increase 
Mortgage loans in the Bank's portfolio usually have maturities beyond the maturity of the corresponding 
funding, which results in the Bank's dependence on its ability to continuously refinance its maturing debts 
with new funding.  The Bank's funding capacity and ability to raise funding can deteriorate due to 
circumstances which are outside of the Bank's control.  This may lead to increase the borrowing costs and 
adversely affect Bank's interest margins.  Difficulties in refinancing may also cause the Bank to dispose of its 
assets at a loss or limit its business activities.  A lack of liquidity or refinancing opportunities may also lead to 
the Bank limiting the purchases of mortgage loan portfolios, which may, in turn, lead to a reduction of the 
Bank's interest income and could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial position and results of 
operations and could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the 
Covered Bonds. 
Changes in interest rates may affect the Bank's income 
Interest rate risk originates primarily from the differences between the structure and/or levels of interest rates 
applicable in respect of the Bank's asset side and liability side respectively.  For example, the Bank may fund 
its assets with fixed and/or relatively high interest rates, by liabilities obtained at floating and/or lower interest 
rates, and vice versa.  Interest rate risk may also arise when interest rate fixing periods on assets and liabilities 
do not coincide. 
As with all other banks, the Bank earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its creditors.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including monetary policies and 
domestic and international economic and political conditions.  As with any bank, changes in market interest 
rates (including changes in the difference between prevailing short-term and long-term rates) and correlations 
between changes in interest rates in the reference markets and interest margins could affect the interest rates 
the Bank charges on its interest-earning assets compared to the interest rates it pays on its interest-bearing 
liabilities.  This difference could reduce the Bank's net interest income. 
As a consequence of its distinctive asset-liability structure as a mortgage bank, the Bank earns interest 
primarily from mortgage loans and pays interest mainly to the holders of covered bonds.  An increase in 
interest rates may reduce the demand for mortgage loans and the Bank's ability to originate such loans.  
Conversely, a decrease in the general level of interest rates may adversely affect the Bank through increased 
prepayments on the Bank's mortgage loan portfolio.  Changes in interest rates may also affect the Bank's 
ability to issue covered bonds. 
A mismatch in interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to 
accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Bank. 
Significant decline of residential property prices may affect the Bank's operations  
The repayment of mortgage loans advanced by the Bank is secured by residential property, which is exposed 
to the risk of losing value.  Therefore, a significant decline in property prices may lead directly to a decrease 
in the value of security for loans advanced by the Bank.  Furthermore, depreciation of property value may 
have an effect on the mortgage lending value of property calculated by the Bank, which may result in the

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
Bank breaching statutory restrictions on its activities.  All such developments may lead to a reduction of the 
scale of the Bank's operations and adversely affect the Bank's financial standing and could have a material 
adverse effect on the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The reform of benchmarks may have an adverse effect on the Bank's financial performance. 
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks" (including EURIBOR and WIBOR) are the 
subject of national and international regulatory guidance and proposals for reform.  Some of these reforms are 
already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms may cause such benchmarks to 
perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be 
predicted. 
The Bank has a significant portfolio of mortgage loans in PLN where the interest rate is a floating rate being 
the sum of WIBOR benchmark and applicable margin, WIBOR may change over time depending on the 
current quotations on the market and liquidity needs.  
In July 2022, the national working group for the reform of benchmarks (the Working Group) was established 
to determine the benchmark that will replace WIBOR.  The Working Group is composed of the 
representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the NBP, the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (in Polish: 
Komisja Nadzoru Finansowego, the KNF) and the largest Polish financial institutions.  On 27 September 
2022 the Working Group announced a roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a new 
benchmark.  Under the roadmap, WIBOR was supposed to be withdrawn in 2025.  On 25 October 2023, the 
Working Group updated the roadmap and the updated roadmap assumes that WIBOR will be withdrawn by 
the end of 2027.  On 29 March 2024 the Working Group announced that it will conduct a comprehensive 
review of all risk-free benchmarks, which may be an alternative for WIBOR.  The introduction of an 
alternative for WIBOR is pending and the Bank is analysing how replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark 
may affect the Bank.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus the Bank is not able to assess the exact impact of 
replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark on its financial performance.  However, the Bank cannot exclude 
that replacing WIBOR with a new benchmark may lead to an increase in the Bank's financing costs or a 
decrease in the Bank's interest income.  The process of benchmark transition may also result in significant 
administrative and compliance costs to the Bank. 
Claims of borrowers under loans with interest rates based on WIBOR may affect the Bank's financial 
performance 
The Polish Monetary Policy Council (in Polish: Rada Polityki Pieniężnej) which is responsible for setting the 
reference rates in Poland increased the main Polish reference rate in the period from October 2021 to 
September 2022 from 0.10 per cent. to 6.75 per cent.  Although as of the date of this Base Prospectus the main 
reference rate is 5.75 per cent., the increase in the reference rates led to an increase of WIBOR, a benchmark 
which is the basis for determining the interest rate for the majority of floating rate loans denominated in PLN, 
including outstanding loans granted by the Bank.  Certain borrowers under such loans to try to challenge the 
loans in courts by requesting the courts to invalidate the loan agreements in whole or only in relation to the 
provisions concerning the calculation of interest.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank received 
several claims from its clients challenging loans referencing WIBOR.  According to the Association of Polish 
Banks (in Polish: Związek Banków Polskich), as at 31 March 2024, 21 disputes concerning calculation of 
interest under a loan with an interest rate based in WIBOR were resolved and all court decisions were in 
favour of the banks. If Polish courts in the future determine that loan agreements referencing WIBOR have 
legal defects, a large number of borrowers under such loans may decide to challenge them in courts.  If the 
results of the majority of the lawsuits are unfavourable for the Bank, the Bank's financial condition may 
materially deteriorate. 
The Bank's day-to-day operations may be disrupted 
Internal and external events such as IT system failures, the Bank's staff and/or the Bank's outsourcers' errors 
or misconduct, cyber attacks, terrorist attacks, military actions, pandemics and natural disasters may disrupt

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
the Bank's day-to-day operations.  Such disruptions may force the Bank to suspend or limit its operational 
activities.  The Bank may also have to incur additional costs to limit the influence of such disruptions on its 
operations. 
Any disruptions in the Bank's day-to-day operations may have an adverse effect on the Bank's financial 
standing and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Properties securing mortgage loans are exposed to catastrophes and natural disasters 
The Bank insures the properties which are mortgaged in the Bank's favour in accordance with the market 
practice.  It is possible that such insurance may not cover all risks to which a property is exposed.  Properties 
on which loans advanced by the Bank are secured may be destroyed or significantly damaged as a result of 
natural disasters, such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, hailstorms and fires.  The frequency and intensity of 
such phenomena are difficult to predict.  Moreover, the growing weather and climate variability observed in 
recent years creates additional uncertainty over the future occurrence of such disasters.  A natural disaster can 
result in a lower value of property and thus the value of security established for the Bank's benefit, especially 
if a property is not covered by a valid insurance policy or if bringing the property back to its pre-disaster 
condition is impossible.  In consequence, such natural disasters could adversely affect the Bank's financial 
standing and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BANK'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
Proceeds from enforcement of mortgages may not satisfy the Bank's claims in full  
When borrowers default on mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken in order to claim the collateral 
securing these mortgage loans.  However, the Bank's credit risk may be increased when the collateral it holds 
cannot be enforced or is liquidated at a price not sufficient to recover the full amount due and payable under 
the relevant mortgage loan.  The market value at which real estate properties mortgaged as security for 
mortgage loans can be sold, and the amount that can be recovered as a result of enforcement action, heavily 
depends on the current real estate market conditions and prices and the legal environment at the time. 
When acquiring the mortgage loans, the Bank assumes a certain level of prices of residential real property 
securing such loans.  If sale prices of residential real property in Poland substantially decline for any reason, 
the value of the Bank's security might be adversely affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Bank may not be 
able to recover the entire amount of the loan if the borrowers are unable to repay them.  In addition, 
investments in real estate are characterised by low liquidity as compared to other types of investments and 
such liquidity may further deteriorate in periods of economic downturn.  The Bank cannot guarantee that if the 
residential real estate market in Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to enforce its security in a timely 
and effective manner would not deteriorate significantly as well. 
Additionally, a decline in the value of collateral taken by the Bank or the inability of the Bank to obtain 
additional collateral may require the Bank to reclassify the relevant loans and/or set aside additional 
provisions for loan losses, and could result in increased reserve and/or capital requirements. 
Any failure to recover the expected value of real estate collateral in enforcement proceedings may expose the 
Bank to losses, which may have an adverse effect on the Bank’s business, results of operations and financial 
conditions. 
Enforcement of mortgages is a lengthy and expensive process 
Enforcement of a mortgage over a property can be a lengthy process and may require the creditor to incur 
substantial costs, especially in relation to foreclosure sale of property by court enforcement officers.  Given its 
short operating history, the Bank has not yet developed a comprehensive database on the average time to 
enforce security over property; however, the Bank relies on the Group's solution in this case.  This solution 
may affect the reliability of the Bank's projections concerning the expected duration of an enforcement action.

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
 
Additionally, the Act on Mortgage Credit and Supervision over Mortgage Credit Intermediaries and Agents 
dated 23 March 2017 (the Mortgage Credit Act) introduced certain restrictions on banks' ability to enforce 
mortgages over real estate.  In particular, before commencing enforcement proceedings, a bank should grant 
the borrower a six-month period in which to sell the real estate asset encumbered with the mortgage. 
Prolonged enforcement proceedings requiring significant expenditure can render it difficult for the Bank to 
recover in full the funds due to the Bank from the borrowers, which could adversely affect the Bank's financial 
performance and its ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank is dependent on ING BSK 
The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ING BSK, a Polish universal bank, and is dependent on ING BSK 
in a number of areas. 
ING BSK set up the Bank to diversify the sources of funding for the Group.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group perceives the covered bonds to be issued by the Bank as an important source of funding 
for the Group.  However, it cannot be excluded that the Group's strategy may change and the Group may 
decide to raise financing in ways other than through the issuance of covered bonds by the Bank.  Such a 
change in the Group's strategy may lead to a reduction in the scale of the Bank's business activity. 
As the sole shareholder of the Bank, ING BSK may be required to subscribe for new shares in the Bank's 
share capital or provide the Bank with capital in a different manner if so required by the applicable capital 
adequacy requirements.  It is possible that ING BSK may decide that these requirements became too onerous 
for the Group.  This may lead to ING BSK deciding to reduce the scale of operations of the Bank to avoid 
making additional capital contributions.  For example, financial institutions have to meet the minimum 
requirement for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL).  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is 
exempt from meeting this requirement, but ING BSK is obliged to satisfy MREL. 
Additionally, the Bank outsources certain services to ING BSK on the basis of a cooperation agreement (see 
"Description of the Bank – Business overview of the Bank – Cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK in 
acquisition of mortgage loans").  The cooperation agreement defines the tasks to be performed by ING BSK 
for the Bank in the course of its business and specifies how these tasks are to be delivered.  The cooperation 
agreement covers, in particular, the following: 
 
post-sale services regarding loans transferred by ING BSK to the Bank, with ING BSK reviewing 
post-sale applications, instructions and complaints for which no lending decision is required; 
 
sharing IT systems with ING BSK; and  
 
support in the application of group-wide tools, methodologies and risk models approved by the Bank's 
competent bodies for the purposes of risk assessment and control. 
Any negative future changes affecting ING BSK's operations, business model and IT systems, as well as any 
changes in how the ING BSK brand is perceived, may adversely affect the Bank's business, results of 
operations and financial condition and the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank may fail to meet its strategic objective 
The key business objective defined in the Bank's strategy is to obtain long-term financing for the Group 
through issuances of covered bonds and becoming active covered bonds issuers in the Polish market.  The 
Bank does not grant mortgage loans to clients itself, but instead purchases the mortgage loans granted by ING 
BSK.  This means that the Bank's financial performance and its ability to deliver the stated strategic business 
objective largely depend on ING BSK meeting its mortgage loans sales targets and on investors' demand for 
covered bonds.  Decrease in demand for mortgage loans or decrease of the investors' appetite for covered

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
bonds issued by the Bank, may adversely affect the Bank's business, results of operations and financial 
condition and the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Similar to other mortgage banks, the Bank has a special asset-liability structure 
Since the Bank operates as a mortgage bank, it has a special asset-liability structure as compared with that 
generally characterising the Polish banking system.  In particular, as any other Polish mortgage bank, it cannot 
accept deposits.  The Bank will fund the acquisition of mortgage loans from ING BSK by issuing covered 
bonds and other medium-term funding instruments.  Mortgage loans have long-term maturities and provide 
for repayments in the form of instalments with principal amounts being subject to amortisation on a periodic 
basis.  Covered bonds, other debt securities and credit lines on the other hand, are short and medium-term 
obligations of the Bank with bullet repayments.  Consequently, financing mortgage loans through the issuance 
of covered bonds exposes the Bank to (funding) liquidity risks (besides interest rate risks) in particular arising 
from such maturity mismatches.  To the extent that the volume of, or the Bank's ability to access on 
commercially reasonable terms and/or in a timely manner, the wholesale lending markets become constrained, 
the Bank may face funding gaps, in particular, in periods of turmoil or in the event of unexpected 
governmental interventions in the markets where it operates.  Difficulties in refinancing may also cause the 
Bank to dispose of its assets at a loss, increase the rates paid on funding or limit its business activities.  A lack 
of liquidity or refinancing opportunities may, inter alia, result in a limitation of business volume in the 
financing business, which may, in turn, lead to a reduction of the Bank's interest income and could adversely 
affect the Bank's business, financial position and results of operations. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Bank's loan portfolio makes it difficult for the Bank to 
adjust its loan margins to market terms while any deterioration of residential real estate prices and 
decrease in value of collateral provided to the Bank may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial 
condition and/or the results of its operations 
Unless expressly permitted by law, under Polish law a party to an agreement cannot change its terms without 
the consent of the other party.  Therefore the Bank is not able to unilaterally change the terms of mortgage 
loans, including credit margins in its portfolio.  As a result, compared to other financial institutions operating 
on the Polish market, which have credit portfolios with a larger proportion of short-term loans, the Bank is 
limited in its ability to change its credit portfolio margins to acquiring new mortgage loans reflecting current 
credit margins in the market.  This limited ability to re-price its loan portfolio as well as any decrease in value 
of collateral provided to the Bank or deterioration of residential real estate prices may adversely affect the 
business, financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. 
Risk management systems might not identify all risks 
In its operations, the Bank manages risk through the risk assessment methods and procedures it has 
implemented, including risk assessment models.  These tools support the Bank's decision-making processes.  
However, they may prove to be insufficient to properly assess future risks due to reliance on historical data, 
errors made at the stage of development, implementation or incorrect use of the methods and models, etc.  
This may lead to an incorrect assessment of the risk related to the Bank's recognised assets and liabilities, off-
balance sheet items and the Bank's business decisions, which in turn may adversely affect the Bank's financial 
standing and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Competition in the Polish banking market may affect the Bank's profitability 
The Bank operates in the Polish banking services market which is subject to growing competition resulting 
from such market's continuous development.  This competition may interfere with the ING BSK's plans to sell 
mortgage loans and the Bank's plans to acquire these loans.  Should the competition in the Polish banking 
mortgage market increase, it may negatively impact the margins earned by the Bank on mortgage loans.  In 
turn, competition in the covered bonds market, both from Polish and international issuers, may have a 
negative impact on the value of covered bond issuances planned by the Bank and thus on the Bank's ability to

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
finance its lending activity or the costs of such financing.  Growing competition could adversely affect the 
Bank's financial performance and its ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Decline in demand for residential properties will lead to decline in demand for mortgage loans 
A drop in demand for residential property may have a direct negative effect on the demand for mortgage 
loans, translating into lower-than-planned sales of mortgage loans by the ING BSK and, as a consequence, 
reduced number of loans transferred by ING BSK to the Bank.  Lower sales of mortgage loans could 
adversely affect the Bank's financial performance and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered 
Bonds. 
The Bank is exposed to counterparty credit risk 
The Bank may routinely execute transactions with counterparties in the financial services industry, including 
commercial banks, investment banks, funds, brokers and dealers.   
Such transactions expose the Bank to the risk of a counterparty defaulting on its obligations prior to maturity 
when the Bank has an outstanding claim against that counterparty.  This counterparty credit risk may also be 
increased where the collateral held by the Bank cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to 
recover the full amount of the counterparty exposure.  In addition, counterparty credit risk also arises from 
holding debt instruments as the issuers (including financial institutions, sovereigns, supranational entities and 
corporations) of such debt instruments may default on their obligations thereunder due to insolvency, political 
events, lack of liquidity, operational failure or a number of other reasons.  Furthermore, the deteriorating 
solvency of such counterparties may impair the efficacy of the Bank's risk management strategies. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank makes deposits at ING BSK and holds debt securities issued 
by the Polish State Treasury.  However, it cannot be excluded that the Bank will enter into other transactions 
with ING BSK or other counterparties from the financial services industry. 
Any of the aforementioned events may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition and results of operations. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The Bank may be unable to satisfy its minimum capital adequacy and other regulatory ratios 
As at 31 December 2023, the Bank's total capital ratio was 23.58 per cent.  Certain developments could affect 
the Bank's ability to continue to satisfy the current capital adequacy requirements, including: 
 
increasing the scale of the Bank's business activities and increasing the Bank's risk-weighted assets; 
 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
 
the payment of dividends by the Bank to its shareholder; 
 
losses resulting from a deterioration in the Bank's asset quality, a reduction in income levels, the 
introduction of new levies or a combination of all of the above; 
 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital adequacy 
ratios of banks; and 
 
additional capital requirements imposed by the Bank's regulator. 
The Bank may also be required to raise additional capital in the future in order to maintain its capital adequacy 
ratios above the minimum-required levels including the required capital buffers.  The Bank's ability to raise 
additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including:

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
 
the Bank's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 
any necessary regulatory approvals; 
 
the Bank's credit rating; 
 
financial markets disruption; 
 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; 
 
changes in domestic and international economy; and 
 
political and other conditions. 
Failure to maintain the minimum capital adequacy and other regulatory ratios or to otherwise maintain 
sufficient levels of capital to conduct the Bank's business may have an adverse effect on the business, 
financial condition and results of operations of the Bank.  Moreover, a breach of laws relating to the minimum 
capital adequacy and other regulatory ratios may result in the Bank being subject to administrative sanctions 
or regulatory resolution measures which may result in an increase in the operating costs of the Bank, loss of 
reputation, and, consequently, an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations 
of the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight 
As a financial institution, the Bank is subject to extensive regulation, as well as to certain administrative 
measures and policies.  Moreover, the Bank holds an authorisation issued by the KNF, and the KNF and other 
regulatory authorities supervise its activity.  Applicable legal provisions address, inter alia, capital adequacy, 
risk management and prevention of money laundering.  The fulfilment of these regulations implies substantial 
costs and could significantly limit potential operations.  Furthermore, regulatory authorities have substantial 
discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, and the means available to the regulators, have been 
increasing during recent years.  Regulation may be imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators 
in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect financial institutions such as the Bank that are deemed 
to be systemically important. 
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Bank resulting 
from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in the Bank's compliance with such 
legislation and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Bank to pursue 
business opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products and 
services, affect the value of assets that it holds, require the Bank to increase its prices and therefore reduce 
demand for its products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Bank or otherwise adversely 
affect its business.  For example, on 12 April 2024, the Polish Parliament passed an act giving certain 
borrowers under housing loans an option to suspend repayment of four loan instalments in the period from 1 
June 2024 to 31 December 2024.  The Bank estimated that this suspension reduced the Bank's income in the 
first half of 2024 by PLN 11.1 million.  This estimate is based on the assumption that borrowers representing 
13 per cent. of the Bank's loan portfolio will apply for the suspension.  The final impact of the suspension on 
the Bank's financial results will depend on the actual number of borrowers who will apply for the suspension. 
Moreover, on 15 July 2024, the KNF approved a recommendation concerning a "long-term financing ratio". 
The purpose of this recommendation is to encourage Polish banks to increase the share of long-term debt 
instruments, including covered bonds, in their financing structure.  According to the KNF, changing the banks' 
financing structure will reduce the maturity mismatch between banks' assets and liabilities.  The Bank is not 
yet able to assess how this recommendation will affect the Bank and the Group.  However, it is possible that 
because of an increased supply of covered bonds and other debt securities issued by Polish financial

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
institutions, the Bank may in the future have difficulties in placing its own covered bonds on the terms 
favourable to the Bank. 
Additionally, pursuant to the provisions of the Polish Act on Bank Guarantee Fund, Deposit Guarantee 
Scheme and Compulsory Restructuring dated 10 June 2016 (Ustawa z dnia 10 czerwca 2016 r. o Bankowym 
Funduszu Gwarancyjnym, systemie gwarantowania depozytów oraz przymusowej restrukturyzacji) (the 
Resolution Act), members of a mandatory guarantee system are obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee 
fund and a resolution fund.  Mortgage banks, including the Issuer, do not have to make contributions to the 
deposit guarantee fund, but have to make contributions to the resolution fund.  If an entity that is a member of 
the Polish Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny) (the BFG) is declared bankrupt, other 
members may be required to make additional one-off payments to cover the liabilities of such entity. 
In addition, a Borrowers' Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców) was established pursuant to the 
Polish Act on the Support of Borrowers in Financial Difficulties who Have Taken Out a Housing Loan dated 
9 October 2015 (Ustawa z dnia 9 października 2015 r. o wsparciu kredytobiorców znajdujących się w trudnej 
sytuacji finansowej, którzy zaciągnęli kredyt mieszkaniowy) in order to support residential borrowers in 
financial difficulties. This fund is intended to provide support to natural persons who are unemployed or who 
find themselves in difficult financial situations or who are required to repay housing loans which significantly 
encumber their household budgets. The Borrowers' Support Fund is funded predominantly from contributions 
made by lenders in proportion to their housing loan portfolio for households, for which the delay in repayment 
of principal or interest exceeds 90 days. 
If the Bank is required to make substantial contributions to the BFG and the Borrowers' Support Fund, it may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's strategy, its growth potential and profit margins and, 
consequently, could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of 
operations.  The Bank was not required to make contributions to the Borrowers' Support Fund for 2023 and 
for the first quarter of 2024. 
The Bank may breach the regulatory requirements concerning the cover pool 
The Bank, its cover pool and issuances of covered bonds by the Bank are subject to a number of regulatory 
restrictions.  If the Bank does not originate or acquire new mortgage loans to replace the loans which were 
included in the cover pool, but were repaid, it is possible that the Bank will not satisfy the statutory 
overcollateralisation requirements.  Additionally, even though the Bank and the cover pool monitor verify 
whether the loans in the cover pool meet the statutory criteria, it cannot be excluded that particular loans in the 
cover pool might not satisfy all statutory criteria.  In such case the Bank may need to replenish the assets in 
the cover pool in order to comply with the regulatory requirements concerning the cover pools which can be 
done through adding additional eligible loans or by supplying substitute liquid assets.  Breach of regulatory 
requirements concerning the cover pool may also result in disciplinary action from the KNF including fines, 
removal of board members and (in extreme circumstances) commencement of compulsory restructuring. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Holders of all covered bonds issued by the Bank share the same cover pool 
The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Bank, which will rank pari passu among themselves and with all other covered bonds 
issued by the Bank and with all other obligations of the Bank that have been provided the same priority as the 
Covered Bonds.   
The Bank maintains one cover pool for all covered bonds of the same type (for example, mortgage covered 
bonds) issued by the Bank.  This means that holders of all covered bonds of one type issued by the Bank have 
a claim against the same assets in the cover pool maintained for that type of covered bonds.  Holders of one 
type of covered bonds have no claim against the assets in the cover pool maintained for another type of 
covered bonds (which means that holders of mortgage covered bonds have no claim against the cover pool

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
maintained for public covered bonds).  The Polish Covered Bonds Act does not permit the maintenance of a 
"variety of pools" for calculation, insolvency or other purposes under Polish law (for example, on issue-by-
issue or programme-by-programme basis).  In the future, the Bank may decide to issue mortgage covered 
bonds under programmes other than the Programme or on a standalone basis and the holders of mortgage 
covered bonds will have access to the same cover pool as holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds will have limited information on loans in the cover pool 
This Base Prospectus provides basic information on the loans in the cover pool as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus.  Within three months from the end of each financial year, the Bank will announce in "Monitor 
Sądowy i Gospodarczy" the aggregate amount of the Bank's receivables in the cover pool.  Additionally, the 
Bank publishes periodically a cover pool report in accordance with Article 129 section 7 of the CRR.  The 
Cover Pool Monitor supervises the proper maintenance of the cover pool register, but the results of this 
inspection are not publicly available.  Therefore, it is possible that after the date of this Base Prospectus the 
composition of the cover pool will change and these changes may have an adverse effect on the Bank's 
financial position and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are obligations of the Bank only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute the obligations of the Bank only.  An investment in the Covered Bonds 
involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Bank.  The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by ING BSK 
or any other member of the Group.  Holders of Covered Bonds have no recourse to any entity other than the 
Bank.  Although during the Bank's licensing process, ING BSK declared to the KNF its intention to support 
the Bank and maintain the Bank's liquidity and capital adequacy ratios above the applicable regulatory limits, 
this declaration does not constitute a guarantee, or any other similar instrument, for the Covered Bonds.  
Therefore, it cannot be a basis for claims of the Holders of the Covered Bonds against ING BSK and ING 
BSK is not in any way liable for the Bank's obligations under the Covered Bonds.  This means that if the Bank 
fails to satisfy its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Holders of the Covered Bonds will not have any 
claim against ING BSK and are exposed to the risk that the Bank may not have sufficient assets to make the 
payments under the Covered Bonds in full. 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Bank or 
the Covered Bonds, the occurrence of which would entitle the Holders of the Covered Bonds to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds.  Consequently, the Holders of the Covered Bonds will only be paid the scheduled interest 
payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and are not able to accelerate the Covered Bonds if the Bank's situation deteriorates. 
Extension of maturity dates in the case of the Bank's bankruptcy  
Upon a Bankruptcy Event of the Bank (as defined in Condition 5(c)), the maturity of all outstanding covered 
bonds issued by the Bank, including the Covered Bonds, will automatically be extended by 12 months (the 
Extended Maturity Date).  While interest under all of the Bank's covered bonds (including the Covered 
Bonds) will continue to be payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms, a Bankruptcy Event may affect the timing and amount of 
principal to be paid to Covered Bond Holders. 
On the date of the Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy court will appoint a bankruptcy receiver (syndyk) who 
will assume responsibility for the administration of the Bank's assets.  Within three months of the Bankruptcy 
Event, the bankruptcy receiver must conduct, in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law: 
 
a coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) to determine whether the assets forming the separate 
bankruptcy asset pool (osobna masa upadłości) of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by 
the Bank; and  
 
a liquidity test (test płynności) to determine whether the assets forming the separate bankruptcy asset 
pool of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards all holders of 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account the Extended Maturity Dates 
of all outstanding covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank. 
If the results of both the coverage test and the liquidity test are positive, the claims of the holders of the 
Covered Bonds for the repayment of principal are to be fulfilled in accordance with the terms and conditions 
of the Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms up to the Extended Maturity Date.   
If the result of the coverage test is positive but the result of the liquidity test is negative, or if the result of the 
coverage test is negative, the maturity of the Covered Bonds will be extended by three years from the latest 
maturity date of a receivable in the cover pool. 
In certain circumstances provided by Polish law, the claims of the holders of the Covered Bonds for the 
payment of principal may be satisfied sooner than the applicable extended maturity dates pursuant to pass-
through procedures from the receivables in the cover pool. 
In addition, the holders of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank may, by a vote of holders 
representing two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, adopt 
resolutions requesting the bankruptcy receiver to sell the cover pool (Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the 
Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy").   
Other circumstances may affect the timing and amount of principal to be paid to Covered Bond Holders.  For 
further details see Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy" of 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds legislation". 
Additionally, filing the motion to declare a mortgage bank bankrupt results in a suspension of the mortgage 
bank's operations for approximately two months.  Suspension of the mortgage bank's operations may further 
affect the timing of payments to be made to Covered Bond Holders. 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to mandatory bail-in tool 
The obligations of the Bank under the Covered Bonds may be subject to compulsory write-down or 
conversion into equity to the extent the value of the Cover Pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims under the 
mortgage covered bonds issued by the Bank. Such event may have adverse effect on the investment in the 
Covered Bonds and investors' return on the Covered Bonds  
The application of the net proceeds of Covered Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, such as 'Green 
Covered Bonds' may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Bank's intention to apply an amount equal to the net proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds 
specifically to refinance existing loans in the cover pool or acquire new loans which, in each case, are secured 
over energy efficient buildings (Green Mortgage Loans and the Covered Bonds issued thereunder, Green 
Covered Bonds).  It should be noted that any Green Mortgage Loans will be included in the cover pool 
together with other mortgage loans, which are not Green Mortgage Loans.  Accordingly, prospective investors 
will have a claim against the cover pool, without having a preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans 
over and above other investors.   
Prospective investors in the Green Covered Bonds should have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" 
regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Covered Bonds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds together with

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues 
to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Bank or the Dealers or any sustainability advisor or second 
party opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for any Green Mortgage Loans will satisfy, whether in 
whole or in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Covered Bonds is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, the Dealers or any 
other person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
obtained in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to 
trading will be maintained during the life of that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Covered Bonds so 
specified for Green Mortgage Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Mortgage Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially 
in such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally 
or partially disbursed for such Green Mortgage Loans. Nor can there be any assurance by the Bank, the 
Dealers or any other person that such Green Mortgage Loans will be financed or refinanced within any 
specified period or at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as 
originally expected or anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not 
give the Holder the right to early terminate the Covered Bonds. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Green 
Mortgage Loans as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Bank is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such 
opinion or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Covered Bonds no longer being listed or 
admitted to trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect 
on the value of such Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are 
intended to finance Green Mortgage Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with 
portfolio mandates to invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose. 
Certain benchmark rates, including EURIBOR and WIBOR, may be discontinued or reformed in the 
future 
EURIBOR, WIBOR and other interest rates or other types of rates and indices which are deemed to be 
benchmarks are the subject of ongoing national and international regulatory discussions and proposals for 
reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still to be implemented.  These reforms 
may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to disappear entirely, or have other 
consequences which cannot be predicted.  Any such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any 
Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the EU.  
Among other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-
based, to be subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain 
uses by EU supervised entities (such as the Bank) of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or 
registered (or, if non-EU based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed).  Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the EUWA (the UK 
Benchmarks Regulation) applies to the provision of benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a 
benchmark and the use of a benchmark, within the UK.  Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the 
FCA register (or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to EURIBOR, WIBOR or another benchmark rate or index, in particular, 
if the methodology or other terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU 
Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks Regulation, and such changes could (amongst other things) have 
the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level, or affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, of 
the benchmark.  More broadly, any of the international, national or other proposals for reform, or the general 
increased regulatory scrutiny of benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise 
participating in the setting of a benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.   
Such factors may have the effect of discouraging market participants from continuing to administer or 
contribute to certain benchmarks, trigger changes in the rules or methodologies used in certain benchmarks or 
lead to the discontinuance or unavailability of quotes of certain benchmarks. 
As an example of such benchmark reforms, on 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank (the ECB) 
announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked with the identification and adoption of a "risk 
free overnight rate" which can serve as a basis for an alternative to current benchmarks used in a variety of 
financial instruments and contracts in the euro area.  On 13 September 2018, the working group on Euro risk-
free rates recommended the new Euro short-term rate (€STR) as the new risk-free rate for the euro area.  The 
€STR was published for the first time on 2 October 2019.  Although EURIBOR has subsequently been 
reformed in order to comply with the terms of the Benchmarks Regulation, it remains uncertain as to how long 
it will continue in its current form, or whether it will be further reformed or replaced with €STR or an 
alternative benchmark. 
Another example of such benchmark reforms is the approaching transition from WIBOR a new risk-free rate 
for PLN.  In July 2022, the Working Group was established to determine the benchmark that will replace 
WIBOR.  The Working Group is composed of the representatives of the Ministry of Finance, the NBP, the 
KNF and the largest Polish financial institutions.  On 27 September 2022 the Working Group announced a 
roadmap for phasing out WIBOR and replacing it with a new benchmark.  Under the roadmap, which was 
updated in 2023, WIBOR will be withdrawn by the end of 2027.  As the roadmap is solely a non-binding step 
plan, the actual milestones may occur on different dates depending on market readiness and the actual 
progress of the work.  Therefore, it remains uncertain as to how long WIBOR will continue in its current 
form. 
The elimination of EURIBOR, WIBOR or any other benchmark, or changes in the manner of administration 
of any benchmark, could require or result in an adjustment to the interest calculation provisions of the 
Conditions (as further described in Condition 3(b)(ix) (Benchmark Discontinuation)), or result in adverse 
consequences to holders of any Covered Bonds linked to such benchmark (including Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds whose interest rates are linked to EURIBOR, WIBOR or any other such benchmark that is subject to 
reform).  Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, uncertainty as to the nature of 
alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may adversely affect such 
benchmark during the term of the relevant Covered Bonds, the return on the relevant Covered Bonds and the 
trading market for securities (including the Covered Bonds) based on the same benchmark.

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that a 
published benchmark, such as EURIBOR or WIBOR, (including any page on which such benchmark may be 
published (or any other successor service)) becomes unavailable, or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds), as applicable, otherwise occurs.  Such an event may be deemed 
to have occurred prior to the issue date for a Series of Covered Bonds.  Such fallback arrangements include 
the possibility that the rate of interest could be set by reference to any Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and 
that such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate may be adjusted (if required) in accordance with the 
recommendation of a relevant governmental body or in order to put the Issuer and the Holders in substantially 
the same economic position as prior to the occurrence of the Benchmark Event, although the application of 
such adjustments to the Covered Bonds may not achieve this objective.  Any such changes may result in the 
Covered Bonds performing differently (which may include payment of a lower interest rate) than if the 
original benchmark continued to apply.  In certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of 
calculation of the rate of interest for a particular Interest Period may result in the rate of interest for the last 
preceding Interest Period being used.  This may result in the effective application of a fixed rate for Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the Relevant Screen Page.  In addition, due 
to the uncertainty concerning the availability of successor rates and alternative reference rates and the 
involvement of an Independent Adviser (as defined in the Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds) in 
certain circumstances, the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Covered 
Bonds. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation reforms or arising from 
the possible cessation or reform of certain reference rates in making any investment decision with respect to 
any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
The Holder of a Covered Bond with a fixed rate of interest (Fixed Rate Covered Bond) is exposed to the risk 
that the price of such Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate.  While the nominal 
interest rate of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of 
such Covered Bond, the current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) typically changes 
on a daily basis.  As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond also changes, 
but in the opposite direction. 
If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically falls, until the yield of 
such Covered Bond is approximately equal to the market interest rate. 
If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of 
such Covered Bond is approximately equal to the market interest rate.  If the Holder of a Fixed Rate Covered 
Bond holds such Covered Bond until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are not relevant to such 
Holder as the Covered Bond will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount 
of such Covered Bond. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds with an interest commencement date not equal to the issue date, such 
instruments will have a lower yield than Fixed Rate Covered Bonds with an interest commencement date 
equal to the issue date.  In the event that such Fixed Rate Covered Bonds are sold in the secondary market 
before accrual of interest begins, investors may face a negative yield. 
Where an investor purchases Covered Bonds at an issue price (including any fees or transaction costs in 
connection with such purchase) higher than or equal to the sum of the redemption amount of the Covered 
Bonds and all remaining interest payments on the Covered Bonds until the maturity date, the investor may 
receive no yield or a negative yield.

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
The Holder of a Covered Bond with a floating rate of interest (Floating Rate Covered Bond) is exposed to 
the risk of fluctuating reference rates such as EURIBOR or WIBOR as applicable and uncertain interest 
income.  Fluctuating reference rate levels make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds in advance. 
Furthermore, where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds do not provide for a minimum rate of interest above 
zero per cent., investors may not receive any interest payments during one or more interest periods if the 
applicable reference rate decreases or increases (in the case of Reverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as 
defined below)) to a certain level. 
In case of a low floating rate of interest and where an investor purchases Covered Bonds at an issue price 
(including any fees or transaction costs in connection with such purchase) higher than or equal to the sum of 
the redemption amount of the Covered Bonds and all remaining interest payments on the Covered Bonds until 
the maturity date, the investor may receive no yield or a negative yield. 
Fixed to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed to Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for investors in Covered 
Bonds.  Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be 
lower than the rates on other Covered Bonds.  Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a 
fixed rate, the fixed rate may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the 
market value of an investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value.  
The difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and 
reflects the market interest rate.  The Holder of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond is exposed to the risk that the 
price of such Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate.  Prices of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and are likely to fluctuate more in 
relation to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. 
Currency risk 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency.  This presents 
certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in 
a currency (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds; (ii) 
the Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds; and (iii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that 
could adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of 
the Covered Bonds.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest 
or principal.

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
Additionally, although the Covered Bonds will be denominated in the Specified Currency, if a judgement in 
the Polish courts is made in the Specified Currency without explicit indication that the claim can only be 
fulfilled in the Specified Currency, the enforcement of such judgement would be made in PLN, which means 
an investor becomes exposed to currency risk as the currency of its investment has changed.  If PLN moves 
against the Specified Currency after judgement and before the judgement is fully enforced, the investor might 
incur a loss due to currency fluctuation.   
Furthermore, in the course of bankruptcy proceedings, in principle the claims of the Bank's creditors 
denominated in any currency other than PLN will be placed on the list of claims in PLN at the exchange rate 
of the NBP as at the date of the Bankruptcy Event, and in the absence of such exchange rate − according to the 
average market price on that day.  Entering the claim on the list of claims in PLN does not result in the 
conversion of the claim denominated in a foreign currency into a claim denominated in PLN; however, all 
payments made as a result of the implementation of the distribution plan prepared based on the list of claims 
shall be made in PLN.  The Bank, after consultation with its advisers, has concluded that, in the course of 
bankruptcy proceedings, the abovementioned provisions relating to satisfaction of claims as a result of the 
implementation of the distribution plan after conversion into PLN should not apply to the Covered Bonds, and 
consequently all payments under the Covered Bonds should be made in accordance with their respective terms 
and conditions in the Specified Currency.  However, as the relevant provisions of the Polish Bankruptcy Law 
relating to the bankruptcy of mortgage banks have not been tested in practice, the Bank cannot exclude the 
possibility that bankruptcy administrators appointed in the course of bankruptcy proceedings of the Bank 
might interpret the relevant legislation in a different manner. 
Clearing Systems 
Because the global covered bonds representing the Covered Bonds (each a Global Covered Bond and, 
together, the Global Covered Bonds) may be held by or on behalf of Euroclear, with its registered address at 
1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, with its registered 
address at 42 Avenue Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their 
procedures for transfer, payment and communication with the Bank. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s).  
Such Global Covered Bond will be deposited on the issue date with a common safekeeper (in the case of 
Covered Bonds issued in new global covered bond (NGCB) form) or common depositary (in any other case) 
for Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Covered Bonds.  
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global 
Covered Bonds.  While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s), investors 
will be able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s) the Bank will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary or to the 
common safekeeper (in the case of Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form), as the case may be, for Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their accountholders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a 
Global Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive 
payments under the relevant Covered Bonds.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records 
relating to, or payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect of 
the relevant Covered Bonds.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are 
enabled by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
Meetings of Holders of Covered Bonds 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of their respective 
Covered Bond Holders to consider matters affecting the interests of such Covered Bond Holders generally.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Covered Bond Holders who did not attend and vote at

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
the relevant meeting and Covered Bond Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, 
Covered Bond Holders can be bound by the result of a vote that they voted against. 
Additionally, under the Polish Act on Bonds, the resolutions of meetings of Holders of listed Covered Bonds 
amending the provisions of the Conditions or the Final Terms concerning: (i) the amounts payable by the 
Bank under the Covered Bonds, the manner of determining these amounts, including conditions of payment of 
interest; (ii) the dates, place and the manner of making payments under the Covered Bonds and the dates on 
which persons entitled to receive payments under the Covered Bonds are determined; (iii) convening, holding 
and adopting resolutions by the meeting of Holders; and (iv) lowering the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds require consent of all Holders attending the meeting and the consent of the Bank.  This means the Bank 
or a holder of a single Covered Bond may prevent an amendment to the Conditions or the Final Terms which 
would be beneficial for a majority of Holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Meetings of holders of covered bonds in the event of bankruptcy 
According to the Polish Bankruptcy Law, following the declaration of bankruptcy of the Bank the meeting of 
holders of covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) may be convened by the judge-commissioner on a 
motion of holders of covered bonds representing at least 10 per cent. of the principal amount of the 
outstanding covered bonds.  Unless the Polish Bankruptcy Law provides otherwise, resolutions of the meeting 
of holders of covered bonds are adopted regardless of the number of the covered bond holders present, by a 
majority of votes of those holders who hold no less than 50 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds.  Consequently, Covered Bond Holders can be bound by the result of a resolution that they 
voted against, abstained from voting or did not vote at all. 
Consent of the abovementioned meeting is required for sale of assets belonging to any cover pool register 
maintained by the Bank if: (i) they are sold in whole and the proceeds from such sale will not be enough to 
cover costs of cover pool liquidation and liabilities from covered bonds; or (ii) they are sold in part and below 
their fair value.  Consent to the sale of part of the Bank's banking enterprise, comprising in particular the 
separate bankruptcy asset pool, requires a majority of two-thirds of votes.  In such case none of the covered 
bonds (including the Covered Bonds) is subject to such sale and the bankruptcy receiver shall determine the 
share of the proceeds from the sale of the Bank's banking enterprise which will be used for covering claims of 
covered bond holders (including the Covered Bond Holders). 
For considerations in respect of pre-declaration of bankruptcy meeting of the Covered Bond Holders please 
refer to the "Meetings of Holders of Covered Bonds" risk factor above. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ADMISSION OF THE COVERED BONDS TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid 
and this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Covered Bonds 
Application may be made to list the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and/or the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda 
Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A.) and to admit to trading such Covered Bonds on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the Regulated Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange.  
In addition, the Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or 
may not be listed at all.  Regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are listed or not, there can be no assurance 
that a liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue.  
The fact that the Covered Bonds may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity than if they were 
not listed.  If the Covered Bonds are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Covered Bonds 
may, however, be more difficult to obtain, which may affect the liquidity of the Covered Bonds adversely.  In 
an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices.  
The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted due to currency restrictions.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
Market value of Covered Bonds 
The market value of Covered Bonds might change significantly on a daily basis.  The price at which a Holder 
will be able to sell Covered Bonds prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
relevant issue price of the Covered Bonds or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.  The historical market 
prices of reference rates or an index should not be taken as an indication of reference rates' or an index's future 
performance during the term of any Covered Bond.

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be applied by the Bank as follows: 
(a) 
where "General Corporate Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general 
corporate purposes; or 
(b) 
where "Green Covered Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Covered Bonds will be to projects determined to be 
eligible (each an Eligible Green Loan Portfolio) under the Issuer's "Green Covered Bond 
Framework" 
(Green 
Covered 
Bond 
Framework) 
published 
on 
the 
Issuer's 
website 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/1500014. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than "General 
Corporate Purposes" or "Green Covered Bonds" (as applicable), then this will be stated in the relevant Final 
Terms. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Green Covered Bond Framework describes an "Eligible Green 
Loan Portfolio" as financing or refinancing buildings which meet regional, national or internationally 
recognised regulations, standards or certifications ("green buildings") in either the commercial real estate or 
residential real estate categories, as further set out in the Green Covered Bond Framework. Such categories 
may change from time to time. 
The Issuer intends to select Eligible Green Loan Portfolios based on compliance with certain eligibility 
criteria, including certain national and international environmental and social standards and local laws and 
regulations, as further described in the Green Covered Bond Framework.  
The Issuer intends to manage the net proceeds from each issue of Green Covered Bonds through a 'portfolio 
approach' by allocating an amount equivalent to such proceeds to Eligible Green Loan Portfolios, as further 
described in the Green Covered Bond Framework. The Issuer intends to publish an allocation report and 
impact report with respect to its Eligible Green Loan Portfolios from one year after the issuance of the 
relevant Green Covered Bonds. Such reports will be reviewed annually until the net proceeds of any such 
Green Covered Bonds issued have been allocated in full. 
The Issuer may, in the future, update the Green Covered Bond Framework in line with developments in the 
market. 
An independent second party opinion (the Second Party Opinion) regarding the Issuer's Green Covered 
Bond Framework has been issued by ISS-oekom and is available on the Issuer's website at 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/gsoel3a. 
For the avoidance of doubt, other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by 
reference (see "Documents Incorporated by Reference"), the information on the websites to which this Base 
Prospectus refers (including the Green Covered Bond Framework, any report (including the allocation report 
and impact report referred to above), assessment, opinion or certification in relation thereto (including the 
Second Party Opinion)) shall not be incorporated by reference in, and does not form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. 
None of the Dealers shall be responsible for (i) any assessment of Eligible Green Loan Portfolios, (ii) any 
verification of whether the Eligible Green Loan Portfolios fall within an investor's requirements or 
expectations of a "green" or "sustainable" or equivalently labelled project or (iii) the ongoing monitoring of 
the use of proceeds in respect of any such Green Covered Bonds.

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
See also "Risk Factors—The application of the net proceeds of Covered Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, 
such as 'Green Covered Bonds' may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment 
criteria".

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
direct translations into English from the original Polish language documents.  To the extent that there are any 
inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original language versions 
shall prevail.  The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus: 
1. 
the unaudited condensed interim financial statements of the Bank for the six months ended 30 June 
2024 (published on the Bank's website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/epg0jij), prepared 
in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, which constitute a free translation from the 
Polish version into the English language version including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
(a) 
interim condensed income statement (page 6); 
(b) 
interim condensed statement of comprehensive income (page 7); 
(c) 
interim condensed statement of financial position (page 8); 
(d) 
interim condensed statement of changes in equity (page 9); 
(e) 
interim condensed cash flow statement (page 10); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 11–108); 
2. 
the separate independent auditor's report on review of the Bank's condensed interim financial 
statements for the six months ended 30 June 2024, which constitutes a free translation from the Polish 
version 
into 
the 
English 
language 
(published 
on 
the 
Bank's 
website 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/hbxorma); 
3. 
the audited financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2023 
(published on the Bank's website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/pmatqjc) prepared in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS) (the 
2023 Financial Statements) audited by Mazars Audyt sp. z o.o. which constitute a free translation 
from the Polish version into the English language including the information set out at the following 
pages in particular: 
(a) 
income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
cash flow statement (page 9); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 10–118);

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
 
4. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2023 Financial Statements (pages 1-9) 
which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language (published on 
the Bank's website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/4ca5eg5); 
5. 
the audited financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 2022 
(published on the Bank's website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/wco3vb2) prepared in 
accordance with the IFRS (the 2022 Financial Statements) audited by BDO spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp. k. which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English 
language including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
(a) 
income statement (page 4); 
(b) 
statement of comprehensive income (page 5); 
(c) 
statement of financial position (page 5); 
(d) 
statement of changes in equity (page 6); 
(e) 
cash flow statement (page 7); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 8–109); 
6. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2022 Financial Statements (pages 1-7) 
which constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language (published on 
the Bank's website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/okmzipp); 
7. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out on pages 42-63 of the Bank's base 
prospectus dated 2 December 2021 relating to the Programme (published on the Bank's website 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/oxbgnrz); and 
8. 
the "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds" set out on pages 34-51 of the Bank's base 
prospectus dated 5 September 2019 relating to the Programme (published on the Bank's website 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/1500018). 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are 
otherwise covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  The Bank accepts responsibility as to the accuracy and 
completeness of any translations into English set out in any documents incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained, free of charge, at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded.  Such 
documents will also be available to view on the website of Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://luxse.com). 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global covered bond (a Temporary Global Covered Bond) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global covered bond (a Permanent Global Covered Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(a) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are intended to be issued in NGCB form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the 
Common Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(b) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to 
the Issue Date of the Tranche to a common depositary for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Covered Bonds are intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Covered Bonds are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any 
times during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The 
Common Safekeeper for NGCBs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  Each 
Temporary Global Covered Bond (if it will not be exchanged) and/or Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
kept in custody by or on behalf of a Common Safekeeper until all obligations of the Bank under the Covered 
Bonds have been satisfied.  While any Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds due 
prior to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGCB form) only to the 
extent that certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such 
Covered Bond are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required 
by U.S. Treasury regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear 
and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has 
received) to the Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is 
issued, interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a 
request as described therein for interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond of the same Series.  The holder 
of a Temporary Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
made through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may 
be) of the Permanent Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Global Covered Bond is not intended to be 
issued in NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(TEFRA C) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (TEFRA D) are applicable in relation 
to the Covered Bonds or, if the Covered Bonds do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will appear on the 
applicable Permanent Global Covered Bond:

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE 
LIMITATIONS PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE." 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to 
deduct any loss on Covered Bonds and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on 
any sale, disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Covered Bonds or interest. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), the 
Agent (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") shall arrange that, where a further 
Tranche of Covered Bonds is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of 
Covered Bonds at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Covered Bonds of such further 
Tranche shall be assigned, if so required, a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code 
and ISIN assigned to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches 
are consolidated and form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance 
period (as defined in Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series/Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to 
be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a 
person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as 
amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional 
client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as amended, the Prospectus Regulation).  Consequently no key information 
document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been 
prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to 
any retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is 
one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to 
implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined 
in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the 
EUWA; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for 
offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has 
been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any 
retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  Any person subsequently 
offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook, and professional clients, as 
defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union 
(Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible 
counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.] 
Luxembourg, [Date] 
ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2594006G5AW3PX0GET92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the 
Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation) (the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds 
described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction 
with the Base Prospectus.  Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com), on the website of the Bank 
(www.inghipoteczny.pl), and is available for viewing at and collection from the registered office of ING Bank 
Hipoteczny S.A., at ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland and the office of Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch (in its capacity as the Principal Paying Agent) at 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United 
Kingdom. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated [5 September 2019]/[2 December 2021] which are incorporated by 
reference in the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the 
Covered Bonds described herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read 
in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 20 August 2024 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    
]] (the Base Prospectus).  Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus has been 
published on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.luxse.com), on the website of the Bank 
(www.inghipoteczny.pl), and is available for viewing at and collection from the registered office of ING Bank 
Hipoteczny S.A., at ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland and the office of Deutsche Bank AG, 
London Branch (in its capacity as the Principal Paying Agent) at 21 Moorfields, London EC2Y 9DB, United 
Kingdom. 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated and 
form a single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a 
single Series with [identify issue amount/ISIN/maturity 
date/issue date of earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue 
Date/the exchange date of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond for interests in the Permanent Global 
Covered Bond which is expected to occur on or about 
[date]][Not Applicable]

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[           ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Issue Price (per Covered Bond): 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of 
the Tranche [plus accrued interest amounting to [insert 
Specified Currency and amount of accrued interest] 
for [insert number of days] days for the period from, 
and 
including 
[the 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date][insert date] to, but excluding [the Issue Date] 
[insert date]] 
(Zero Coupon Covered Bonds can be issued only at a 
discount.) 
4. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[           ] 
(Covered Bonds of each Series must have only one 
Specified Denomination with a minimum denomination 
of €100,000 (or equivalent)). 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[           ] 
(Insert the relevant Specified Denomination.) 
5. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant 
for certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds.) 
 
(i) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Period from Maturity 
Date to Extended 
Maturity Date or 
Additionally Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Covered Bonds − 
Interest Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify 
month and year]] 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[[    ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] month [WIBOR/EURIBOR]/ +/- [    ] per cent.] 
Floating Rate]

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [11]/[12]/[13(a)] below) 
 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date to 
Extended 
Maturity 
Date 
or 
Additionally Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[  ] month [WIBOR/EURIBOR]/ +/- [    ] per cent.] 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [11]/[12]/[13(a)] below) 
8. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] 
paragraph [11/12] applies and for the period from (and 
including) [date], up to (and including) the Maturity 
Date, paragraph [11/12] applies] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Date of Management Board approval for 
issuance of Covered Bonds obtained: 
[           ] [and [           ], respectively] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
 
11. 
Fixed Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum in arrear on each Interest 
Payment Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity 
Date] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular 
coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest 
Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [    ]/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[30/360] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[           ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is 
Actual/Actual (ICMA).   In such a case insert regular

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
interest payment dates, ignoring issue date or maturity 
date in the case of long or short first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Party responsible for calculating 
amounts payable: 
[Agent[/if not the Agent, insert details of Calculation 
Agent]] 
12. 
Floating Rate Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[           ] subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not 
subject to adjustment, as the Business Day Convention 
in (b) below is specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[           ] 
(d) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate of Interest and Interest 
Amount: 
[Agent/[if not Agent, insert details of Calculation 
Agent]] 
(e) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[           ] month [[WIBOR]/[EURIBOR]] 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
 
(Second Warsaw business day prior to the start of 
each Interest Period if WIBOR and, second day on 
which the T2 is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[           ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 
ensure it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(iv) 
Reference Banks: 
[           ] 
(f) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for 
the [long/short] [first/last] interest Period shall be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period)] 
(g) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][           ] per cent. per annum 
(h) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[           ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
(i) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[           ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(j) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
13. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bond Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[           ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[           ]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
14. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B.: In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which 
are expressed at item 4 above to have a minimum 
denomination and tradeable amounts above such 
minimum denomination which are smaller than it, the 
following wording should be added: "For the 
avoidance of doubt, in the case of a holding of 
Covered Bonds in an integral multiple of [    ] in 
excess of [    ] as envisaged in item 4 above, such 
holding will be redeemed at its nominal amount.") 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
15. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or other 
special provisions relating to Payment 
Dates: 
[Warsaw] / [Brussels] / [Not Applicable] / [    ] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment as 
referred to under Condition 4(c)) 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS 
 
16. 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond]

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
17. 
European Covered Bonds (Premium): 
[Yes/No] 
(If Covered Bonds comply with the requirements set 
out in Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of 
the European Parliament and of the Council of 26 
June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit 
institutions and investment firms and amending 
Regulation (EU) No. 648/2012 then "Yes" should be 
specified) 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[           ] has been extracted from [           ].  The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [           ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Bank: 
 
 
 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A. 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR OF ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A.

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/Warsaw/None/specify other] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Warsaw 
Stock 
Exchange/[specify other] with effect from [    ].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated 
defined terms].  Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies is published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.]/[Not Applicable.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the 
Programme generally or, where the issue has been 
specifically rated, that rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUES 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Bank is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to 
the offer.]  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other 
services for, the Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Amend as appropriate if 
there are other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement 
to the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND EXPENSES 
RELATING TO ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[General 
Corporate 
Purposes]/[Green 
Covered 
Bonds]/[description of the reasons for the offer if not 
"General Corporate Purposes" or "Green Covered Bonds"]

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of 
the proceeds 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
expenses 
relating to the admission to 
trading 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[           ] 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of the 
Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
[,/and], 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and 
the 
relevant 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and identification 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [free of/against] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised 
as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and 
intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition 
will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria 
be amended in the future such that the Covered Bonds are

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
capable of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be 
deposited with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  
Note that this does not necessarily mean that the Covered 
Bonds will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intraday credit operations 
by the Eurosystem at any time during their life.  Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being satisfied that 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria have been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address] 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
EEA Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Covered Bonds do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute "packaged" 
products or the Covered Bonds do constitute "packaged" 
products and a key information document will be prepared in 
the UK, "Not Applicable" should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute "packaged" products and no key 
information document will be prepared, "Applicable" should 
be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference 
into, and will form part of, each Global Covered Bond (as defined below).  The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond.  Reference 
should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) issued by ING Bank Hipoteczny 
Spółka Akcyjna (the Bank), a joint-stock company with its registered office in Katowice, Poland, at ul. 
Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, registered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register 
maintained by the District Court Katowice-Wschód in Katowice, VIII Commercial Division of the National 
Court Register, under number 0000723965, with the fully paid-up share capital of PLN 380,000,000, NIP 
number 205-000-51-99, with the corporate website www.inghipoteczny.pl pursuant to the resolution of the 
Supervisory Board of the Bank No. 23/4/2019 dated 9 May 2019 and the Agency Agreement (as defined 
below). 
The place of issue of the Covered Bonds is Luxembourg. 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche 
and shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a Global Covered Bond), 
units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond. 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 
20 August 2024 and made between the Bank and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying 
agent (the Agent, which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named 
therein (together with the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or 
successor paying agents). 
The final terms for the Covered Bonds (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms 
attached to or endorsed on the Global Covered Bond pertaining thereto, which complete these terms and 
conditions of the Covered Bonds (the Conditions).  References to the applicable Final Terms are to the 
Final Terms (or the relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Global Covered Bond for the 
relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Global Covered Bonds do not have interest coupons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Covered Bond Holders or Holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, be 
construed as provided below.   
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) 
identical in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue 
Dates, Interest Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
The Covered Bonds constitute "European Covered Bonds" (europejskie listy zastawne, or europejskie 
obligacje zabezpieczone) within the meaning of Article 27(1) of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU.  If the Covered Bonds 
comply with the requirements set out in Article 129 of Regulation (EU) No 575/2013 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 26 June 2013 on prudential requirements for credit institutions and 
investment firms and amending Regulation (EU) No 648/2012, they may be labelled as "European Covered 
Bonds (Premium)" (europejskie listy zastawne (premium), or europejskie obligacje zabezpieczone (premium)) 
in the relevant Final Terms. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Holder following their 
prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form 
satisfactory to the relevant Paying Agent).  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at 
the registered office of the Bank and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices  save that, if 
the Covered Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor 
offered in the European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under 
the Prospectus Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Covered Bond Holder 
holding one or more Covered Bonds and such Covered Bond Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the 
Bank and the relevant Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity.  If the Covered 
Bonds are to be admitted to trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the 
applicable Final Terms will be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange 
(www.luxse.com).  Words and expressions used in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings 
where used in the Conditions unless the context otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  In the 
Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form and are serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and in the denominations for each Series (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis and the determination in 
Change of Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.  Alternatively, the Covered Bonds may 
be Zero Coupon Covered Bonds depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Covered Bonds is effected by agreement on the transfer among 
the relevant parties and by delivery or otherwise in accordance with any applicable laws and 
regulations including the rules of any relevant Clearing System. 
The Bank and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the Holder 
of any Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Covered Bonds will be issued in new global note 
form.   
The applicable Final Terms will specify the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant 
Tranche and, in the event of a further Tranche to be consolidated with an existing Tranche or 
Tranches, the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds represented by the 
Temporary Global Covered Bond(s) and the Permanent Global Covered Bond(s) shall be the 
aggregate nominal amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
(Euroclear) and/or Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  The 
records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg (which expression means the records that of 
Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such 
customer's interest in the Covered Bonds) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary Global Covered Bond and the Permanent 
Global Covered Bond and, for these purposes, a statement issued by a Euroclear or by Clearstream, 
Luxembourg stating the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so represented at any time 
shall be conclusive evidence of the records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank and rank 
pari passu among themselves.  The Covered Bonds are covered in accordance with the Polish Act 
dated 29 August 1997 on Covered Bonds and Mortgage Banks (Ustawa z dnia 29 sierpnia 1997 r. o 
listach zastawnych i bankach hipotecznych, the Polish Covered Bonds Act) and rank pari passu with 
all other unsubordinated present and future obligations of the Bank which have the same status as the 
Covered Bonds under the Polish Covered Bonds Act. 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms determine whether the Covered Bonds of a given Series are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, or any combination thereof (depending upon the 
Interest Basis and the determination in Change of Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms), 
or Zero Coupon Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the 
Interest Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 
5(c) (in which case it shall be paid until the Extended Maturity Date or Additionally Extended 
Maturity Date, as the case may be). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Fixed Coupon Amounts are calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by a 
Global Covered Bond and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Payments 
of interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to 
the Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or, in case of the first interest period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period such interest shall 
be calculated in respect of such period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond and 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and (II) the number of 
Determination Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in 
one calendar year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: (I) the 
number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which 
the Accrual Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; and (II) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the 
next Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days 
being calculated on the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360. 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment 
Date, an Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period 
specified as the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding 
Interest Payment Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the 
Interest Commencement Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date.

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date 
should occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a 
Business Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
(b)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month 
and the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) 
above, shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would 
thereby fall into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment 
Date shall be brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) 
each subsequent Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month 
which falls the Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date 
occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Luxembourg and each Relevant Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms; 
(B) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant 
Specified Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer System or 
any successor or replacement for that system (T2) is open; and 
(C) 
a day on which Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are offsetting money and 
securities transfers. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified below. 
The Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations,

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR or 
WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 am (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 11.00 am (Warsaw 
time in the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.  
If five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the 
highest (or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and 
the lowest (or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) 
shall be disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean 
(rounded as provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Bank 
and/or an agent appointed by the Bank shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide 
its offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 am (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 11.00 am (Warsaw time 
in the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period 
shall be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin 
(if any), all as determined by the Bank and/or an agent appointed by the Bank.   
As used herein, Reference Banks means the principal office of the bank or banks specified as 
such in the Final Terms or such other prime bank or banks as may be appointed as such by the 
Agent after consultation with the Bank. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Agent 
with a quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest 
shall be the sum of the relevant quotation (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent 
(0.0005 per cent. being rounded upwards)) and the Margin (as applicable), all as determined 
by the Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent with a 
quotation, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) the rate determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (if any) or (ii) if there is no such previous Interest Determination Date, 
the Rate of Interest in the last preceding Interest Period, in each case, substituting, where a 
different margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the 
last preceding Interest Period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of 
the margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of 
Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) above is greater than such Maximum 
Rate of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of 
Interest.

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will at, or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by a Global 
Covered Bond and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding 
the resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such 
sub-unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market 
convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in 
accordance with this Condition 3(b): 
(A) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in 
that portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the 
actual number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year 
divided by 365); 
(B) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment 
Date falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 
number of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
 =
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater 
than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
(F) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as 
follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
=
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 
will be 30; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
 =
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period 
falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the 
last day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Interest Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not 
the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by 
straight line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference 
Rate, one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next than shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of 
time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter or, as the 
case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such time and by 
reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means the period of time designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period 
and the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Bank and any stock exchange on 
which the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed (by no later than 
the first day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with 
Condition 9 as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth 
Luxembourg Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so 
notified may subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way 
of adjustment) without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest 
Period.  Any such amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the 
relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bond 
Holders in accordance with Condition 9.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression 
Luxembourg Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks 
and foreign exchange markets are open for general business in Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b) by the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest 
error) be binding on the Bank, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Covered Bond 
Holders and (in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Bank or the 
Covered Bond Holders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-
exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that 
part only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its 
redemption unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is 
otherwise made in respect of payment.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue at a 
level specified under the provisions of the Polish Civil Code dated 23 April 1964 (Ustawa z 
dnia 23 kwietnia 1964 r. Kodeks cywilny, the Civil Code) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(ix) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3(b), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
The Bank shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Bank in determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ix)(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3(b)(ix)(D)) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future 
Interest Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)).  In 
making such determination, the Bank shall act in good faith as an expert.  In the 
absence of fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the 
Bank, the Agent or the Holders for any determination made by it or for any advice 
given to the Bank in connection with any determination made by the Bank, pursuant 
to this Condition 3(b)(ix). 
If the Bank is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with this 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(A), the Bank, acting in good faith, may still determine (i) a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread 
and/or any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ix) (with 
the relevant provisions in this Condition 3(b)(ix) applying mutatis mutandis to allow 
such determinations to be made by the Bank without consultation with an 
Independent Adviser). Where this Condition 3(b)(ix) applies, without prejudice to the 
definitions thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative 
Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the 
Bank will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and 
customary market usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations 
involved in the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international 
debt capital markets. 
The Bank is not obliged to use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent 
Adviser if a Benchmark Event occurred in relation to WIBOR and, following the 
occurrence of such a Benchmark Event, the Polish minister responsible for financial 
institutions issued a regulation (in Polish: rozporządzenie) in which it indicated the 
Successor Rate. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Agents shall be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject 
to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such 
Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest 
(or the relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on 
the Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with this 
Condition 3(b)(ix), the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Advisor, 
shall determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified 
quantum of, or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread),

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
which Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative 
Rate (as the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of 
Interest (or a relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or 
Alternative Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 
3(b)(ix) and the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines (i) that amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are 
necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate 
and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) 
the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Bank may also, following 
consultation with the Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), 
take necessary action to effect such Benchmark Amendments (and for the avoidance 
of doubt, the Agent shall, at the direction and expense of the Bank, consent to and 
effect such consequential amendments to the Agency Agreement and these 
Conditions as may be required in order to give effect to this Condition 3(b)(ix)). No 
Holder consent shall be required in connection with effecting such Benchmark 
Amendments. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3(b)(ix) will be 
notified promptly by the Bank to the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents 
in accordance with Condition 9.  
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Bank shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Bank: 
(I) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor Rate 
or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable Adjustment 
Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark Amendments (if any), in 
each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 
3(b)(ix); and 
(II) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (in either 
case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of 
the Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the 
Benchmark Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Agent's ability to rely 
on such certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Bank, the Agent, the Calculation 
Agent, the Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under Condition 3(b)(ix) (A), (B), 
(C) and (D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 3(b)(iv) will continue to apply unless and until the Agent has been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance 
with Condition 3(b)(ix)(E). 
(G) 
Instructions to the Agents 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b)(ix), if in the Agent's 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(b)(ix), the Agent 
shall promptly notify the Bank and/or the Independent Adviser thereof and the Bank 
shall direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt.  If 
the Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to 
make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Bank and/or 
the Independent Adviser (as the case may be) thereof and Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability 
for not doing so. 
(H) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 3(b)(ix): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce 
or eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(I) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the 
replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any 
Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(II) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative 
Rate) the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) in international debt capital markets 
transactions to produce an industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original 
Reference Rate; or  
(III) 
(if the Bank determines that no such spread is customarily applied) the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines to be 
appropriate. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(B) is customary applied in the international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds or, if 
the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines there is 
no such rate, such other rate as the Bank, following consultation with the Independent 
Adviser, determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b)(ix)(D). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(I) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
(II) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to 
the date specified in (i) above; or 
(III) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(IV) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely 
discontinued and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(i) above; 
(V) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original 
Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be 
subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a 
specified date and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in 
(i) above; or 
(VI) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Bank or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Holder of the Covered Bonds using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the 
Benchmarks Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(VII) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, no longer be representative 
or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i) above. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Bank under Condition 3(b)(ix)(A). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Bank. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which 
is responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen 
rate (as applicable); or 
(II) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or 
constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency to which the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any central bank or other

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
supervisory authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator 
of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable), (c) a group of the 
aforementioned central banks or other supervisory authorities or (d) the 
Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(c) 
Interest Rates Positive 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Covered Bonds shall never be less than zero.  If the method for determining a rate of interest 
applicable to the Covered Bonds would result in a negative figure, the applicable rate of interest 
would be zero. 
(d) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
There will be no periodic payments of interest on any Zero Coupon Covered Bonds. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, Holders will receive payments as follows: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the Holder with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the Holder. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto 
in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any 
withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 
1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any 
law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Payments 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds will (subject as provided 
below) be made in the manner specified and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global 
Covered Bond, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global 
Covered Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each 
payment distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made 
on such Global Covered Bond either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records 
of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the Bank will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so 
paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global 
Covered Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his 
share of each payment so made by the Bank to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered 
Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if:

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
(i) 
the Bank has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with 
the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. 
dollars at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Bank, adverse tax consequences to the Bank. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Day, the 
holder thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant 
place and shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these 
purposes, Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which T2 is 
open; and 
(iii) 
a day on which Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are effecting money and securities 
transfers. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Bank 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to 
include, as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under 
Condition 6. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Subject to Condition 5(c) and Condition 5(g), unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Bank at its Final Redemption 
Amount specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity 
Date specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
No redemption at the option of the Covered Bond Holders (Investor Put) 
The Covered Bond Holders are not entitled to request redemption of the Covered Bonds prior to the 
Maturity Date.

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
(c) 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy 
(i) 
In these Conditions: 
Bankruptcy Event means the announcement of the bankruptcy of the Bank (ogłoszenie 
upadłości) by a Polish bankruptcy court in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law; 
Bankruptcy Receiver means the receiver (syndyk) appointed by the bankruptcy court in 
respect of the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy 
Law; 
Bankruptcy Trustee means the trustee (kurator) appointed by the bankruptcy court to 
represent in the bankruptcy proceedings the rights of the holders of covered bonds issued by 
the Bank; 
Coverage Test means the coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) as defined in the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act, performed by the Bankruptcy Receiver to determine whether the 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards 
all holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full; 
Cover Pool means the assets which are the basis for the issuance of mortgage covered bonds 
by the Bank and are entered into the Cover Pool Register; 
Cover Pool Register means the cover pool register (rejestr zabezpieczenia listów 
zastawnych) maintained by the Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Polish Covered 
Bonds Act; 
Liquidity Test means the liquidity test (test płynności) as defined in the Polish Bankruptcy 
Law, performed by the Bankruptcy Receiver to determine whether the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account the maturity of all outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank extended by 12 months;  
Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale means the sale of a portion of the assets 
constituting the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy 
Law; 
Polish Bankruptcy Law means the Polish Act dated 28 February 2003 Bankruptcy Law 
(Ustawa z dnia 28 lutego 2003 r. Prawo upadłościowe); 
Qualifying Hedging Instruments means hedging arrangements to which the Bank is a party 
which satisfy the conditions of the Polish Covered Bonds Act;  
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool means a separate bankruptcy asset pool (osobna masa 
upadłości) of the Bank created on the date of the Bankruptcy Event to satisfy claims of all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank and counterparties to Qualifying 
Hedging Instruments; 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale means the sale of all of the assets constituting the 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law; and 
Underlying Receivables means the receivables which are the basis for the issuance of the 
covered bonds issued by the Bank. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event, the maturity date of all covered bonds issued by 
the Bank shall be automatically extended by 12 months (the Extended Maturity Date). 
(iii) 
With respect to the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test to be conducted by the Bankruptcy 
Receiver within three months of the date of the Bankruptcy Event in accordance with the 
Polish Covered Bonds Act: 
(A) 
If the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test each confirm that the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full, the Bank's

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
obligations towards the Covered Bond Holders shall be fulfilled in accordance with 
these Conditions and the applicable Final Terms taking into account the Extended 
Maturity Date and paragraph (iv) below. 
Notwithstanding the above, the holders of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the 
Bank, including the Covered Bond Holders, may, not later than two months following 
the announcement of the results of the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test by the 
Bankruptcy Receiver, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the aggregate 
nominal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, instruct the 
Bankruptcy Receiver to conduct a Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale (a) to another 
mortgage bank, with the transfer of the obligations of the Bank under all of the 
outstanding covered bonds of the Bank in which case payments of principal and 
interest under the Covered Bonds will be made by the mortgage bank acquiring the 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool or (b) to another mortgage bank or a bank, without 
such transfer, in which case payments of principal and interest under the Covered 
Bonds will be made by the Bankruptcy Receiver from the proceeds from the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale. 
If the amount of proceeds received from the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale, 
less, with respect to all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
the aggregate amount of interest that will become due and payable within six 
months from the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale; and  
(II) 
the aggregate amount of principal and interest that had become due and 
payable prior to the date of the Bankruptcy Event but had not been paid prior 
to the date of Bankruptcy Event, 
is equivalent to at least 5 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
covered bonds of the Bank, the Bankruptcy Receiver may, at his discretion, repay the 
principal under the Covered Bonds (provided that payments are made pro rata to all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, including the Covered Bond 
Holders, and counterparties to the Qualifying Hedging Instruments) earlier than on 
the Extended Maturity Date.  Such payment would be made on the next interest 
payment date, but in any event not earlier than (i) two months after the date on which 
the Bankruptcy Receiver submitted its report on the progress of the of the bankruptcy 
proceedings; or (ii) if the judge-commissioner issued a decision approving the 
Bankruptcy Receiver's report on the progress of the bankruptcy proceedings, 14 days 
after the date on which this decision became final and binding.   
(B) 
If the Coverage Test confirms that the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to 
satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered bonds issued 
by the Bank in full, but the Liquidity Test fails to confirm that the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account 
the maturity of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank extended by 12 
months, the Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds shall be extended by three years 
from the latest maturity date of an Underlying Receivable entered into the Cover Pool 
Register (the Additionally Extended Maturity Date). 
However, if the available funds in the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool, less, with 
respect to all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
the aggregate amount of interest that will become due and payable within six 
months from the date of the performance of the Coverage Balance Test; and 
(II) 
the costs of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool indicated in the Bankruptcy Receiver's report,

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
are equivalent to at least 5 per cent of the aggregate nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank, payment of principal under the Covered Bonds 
shall be made on the next interest payment date, but in any event not earlier than (i) 
two months after the date on which the Bankruptcy Receiver submitted its report on 
the progress of the of the bankruptcy proceedings; or (ii) if the judge-commissioner 
issued a decision approving the Bankruptcy Receiver's report on the progress of the 
bankruptcy proceedings, 14 days after the date on which this decision became final 
and binding; provided that such payments of principal shall be made pro rata to all 
holders of covered bonds issued by the Bank (including the Covered Bond Holders) 
and counterparties to the Qualifying Hedging Instruments (the Pass-Through 
Procedure).   
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bond Holders, together with all holders of 
the outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank, may, not later than three months 
following the date of the announcement of the results of the Coverage Test and the 
Liquidity Test, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the aggregate nominal 
amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
disapply the Additionally Extended Maturity Date and the Pass-Through 
Procedure and revert to the Extended Maturity Date; or 
(II) 
instruct the Bankruptcy Receiver to conduct a Separate Bankruptcy Asset 
Pool Sale or Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale to: 
a. 
another mortgage bank, with the transfer of the obligations of the 
Bank under all of the outstanding covered bonds of the Bank; 
b. 
a bank which is not a mortgage bank, without the transfer of the 
obligations of the Bank under all of the Bank's outstanding covered 
bonds, or 
c. 
an entity which is not a bank, with respect to assets the possession of 
which is not restricted to banks, without the transfer of the 
obligations of the Bank under all of the Bank's outstanding covered 
bonds,  
in which case principal and all interest under the Covered Bonds shall 
become immediately due and payable. 
(C) 
If the Coverage Test fails to confirm that the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool is 
sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered 
bonds issued by the Bank in full, paragraph (B) above shall apply (including the 
Additionally Extended Maturity Date); provided that the vote by the holders of the 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank on the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool 
Sale or Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale referred in paragraph (B) above 
may occur at any time following the announcement of the results of the Coverage 
Balance Test. 
(iv) 
Irrespective of the results of the Coverage Test and Liquidity Test, following the date of the 
Bankruptcy Event, any interest under the Covered Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of, 
and payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the Conditions and the applicable 
Final Terms. 
(v) 
In addition, if a Bankruptcy Event occurs after the Maturity Date and the aggregate nominal 
amount under the Covered Bonds which is due and payable had not been repaid prior to the 
date of the Bankruptcy Event, the Bank shall, subject to the Additionally Extended Maturity 
Date, pay such aggregate nominal amount under the Covered Bonds within 12 months of the 
date of the Bankruptcy Event, but not earlier than after the first announcement on the results 
of the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test.

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
(vi) 
In its decision announcing the Bank's bankruptcy, the bankruptcy court will appoint the 
Bankruptcy Trustee.  Before appointing the Bankruptcy Trustee, the bankruptcy court will 
consult the KNF.  The Bankruptcy Trustee is authorised to review the Bank's books and 
records.  The Bankruptcy Trustee has the right to vote at the creditors' meetings regarding 
matters which may affect the rights of the holders of the Covered Bonds.   
(vii) 
Within 21 days from the Bankruptcy Event, the Bankruptcy Trustee will declare to the 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool the principal amount of covered bonds issued by the Bank 
which have not yet been redeemed, but became due before the date of the Bankruptcy Event, 
and the principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank and interest 
under the covered bonds payable after the date of the Bankruptcy Event. 
(viii) 
The KNF and the Bankruptcy Trustee may exchange information on the Programme to the 
extent necessary to conduct the bankruptcy proceedings. 
This Condition 5(c) replicates mandatory provisions of Polish law, in particular the Polish 
Bankruptcy Law, as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  In the event of a conflict between 
Condition 5(c) and mandatory provisions of Polish law, if and as amended from time to time, 
mandatory provisions of Polish law shall prevail.  Changes (if any) in the mandatory 
provisions of Polish law which affect the provisions of this Condition 5(c) shall not create an 
obligation for the Bank to notify the Holders thereof unless otherwise required under 
applicable Polish law.   
(d) 
Purchases 
The Bank may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed or purchased by the Bank will forthwith be cancelled.  All 
Covered Bonds so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold. 
(f) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 5(a) is improperly withheld or refused, default interest 
specified under Article 481 §2 of the Civil Code shall accrue on such amount. 
(g) 
Mandatory redemption in case of non-bankruptcy liquidation, merger, division or transformation 
under statutory provisions of Polish law 
Under the Polish Act dated 15 January 2015 on Bonds (Ustawa z dnia 15 stycznia 2015 r. o 
obligacjach) (the Polish Act on Bonds), if the Bank is subject to non-bankruptcy liquidation 
(likwidacja), the Bank shall redeem the Covered Bonds at par on the opening day of such non-
bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja) proceedings.  If the Bank is subject to a merger (połączenie), 
division (podział) or transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej), and the entity that has taken 
over all or a portion of the Bank's obligations under the Covered Bonds pursuant to such merger 
(połączenie), division (podział) or transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) is not permitted 
under the Polish Covered Bonds Act to issue covered bonds, the Bank or its successor entity shall 
redeem such Covered Bonds at par.  The terms non-bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja), merger 
(połączenie), division (podział) and transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) in this paragraph 
shall have the meaning as prescribed under Polish law. 
(h) 
Resolution, compulsory write-down or conversion (bail-in) 
The payment obligations of the Bank under the Covered Bonds are not subject to automatic 
acceleration upon resolution (przymusowa restrukturyzycja) of the Bank.  The maturity of the 
Covered Bonds cannot be extended if the Bank is subject to resolution (przymusowa 
restrukturyzacja).

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
If the Bank becomes subject to resolution (przymusowa restrukturyzycja), pursuant to the provisions 
of the Polish Act on the Bank Guarantee Fund, Deposit Guarantee Scheme and Compulsory 
Restructuring dated 10 June 2016 (Ustawa z dnia 10 czerwca 2016 r. o Bankowym Funduszu 
Gwarancyjnym, systemie gwarantowania depozytów oraz przymusowej restrukturyzacji) (the 
Resolution Act), secured liabilities comprising a separate and secured pool, such as obligations of the 
Bank under the Covered Bonds, remain valid and binding and shall not be subject to compulsory 
write-down or conversion into equity up to the amount by which all amounts due and payable in 
respect of such Covered Bonds is fully covered by the Cover Pool. However, the Covered Bonds may 
be subject to compulsory write-down or conversion to equity to the extent that the value of the Cover 
Pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims in respect of amounts due and payable under such Covered 
Bonds.  
Pursuant to the Resolution Act, the Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny) may 
decide to change the Conditions of the Covered Bonds or transfer assets in the Cover Pool to another 
entity, provided that such change or transfer should not be detrimental to the rights of the Covered 
Bond Holders or affect the existing level of collateralisation of the Covered Bonds. In particular, the 
Bank Guarantee Fund shall not: (i) transfer the assets included in the Cover Pool without transferring 
the liabilities under the Covered Bonds, or (ii) transfer liabilities under the Covered Bonds without 
transferring the assets in the Cover Pool. 
During resolution of the Bank, the Polish Financial Supervision Authority (Komisja Nadzoru 
Finansowego) shall cooperate with the Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny) in 
order to ensure that the rights and interests of the Covered Bond Holders are preserved, including 
ensuring continuous and sound management of the Programme during the period of the resolution 
process. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Bank 
will be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or 
duties of whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such 
withholding or deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Bank will pay such additional 
amounts as shall be necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Covered 
Bonds after such withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest 
which would otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds, as the case may be, in 
the absence of such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable 
with respect to any Covered Bond: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with a Tax 
Jurisdiction other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by, or by a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by it complying, or procuring (if it is 
in the relevant Holder's control) that any third party complies, with any statutory requirements 
or by it making, or procuring (if it is in the relevant Holder's control) that any third party 
makes, a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax 
authority in the relevant place; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on 
presenting the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a 
Payment Day (as defined in Condition 4(c)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Paying Agent 
in a Member State of the European Union.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Bank be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds for, or on account of, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
i. 
Tax Jurisdiction means Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or 
therein having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any 
authority thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Bank of 
principal and interest on the Covered Bonds become generally subject; and 
ii. 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if 
the full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to 
such due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so 
received, notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bond Holders in accordance with 
Condition 9. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Bank for payment of principal amount under the Covered Bonds expire after six 
years and claims against the Bank for payment of interest under the Covered Bonds expire after three 
years. 
8. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The initial Paying Agents are set out above.  If any additional Paying Agents are appointed in 
connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents will be specified in Part B of the 
applicable Final Terms. 
The Bank is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint 
additional or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which 
any Paying Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Agent, 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(b) 
the Bank undertakes that it will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction 
within Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4(b).  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in the Paying Agents will be given to the Covered Bond Holders promptly by 
the Bank in accordance with Condition 9. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bond Holders.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor paying agent. 
9. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg.  It is expected that such publication will be made in

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  So long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general 
circulation in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.luxse.com.  It is 
expected that any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort in 
Luxembourg.  The Bank shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies 
with the rules of any stock exchange or other relevant regulatory authority on which the Covered 
Bonds are for the time being listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice 
will be deemed to have been given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be 
published in more than one newspaper, on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  
The Bank will deliver printouts of all information published on the Bank's website in accordance with 
the Polish Act on Bonds to ING Bank Śląski S.A. 
So long as any Global Covered Bonds representing the Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for communication by them to the Holders of the Covered Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any 
Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bond Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Agent.  While any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond, such 
notice may be given by any Holder to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as 
the case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
10. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bond Holders to 
create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
11. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Polish common court appropriate for the registered seat of the Bank at the time of making a claim 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in 
connection with the Covered Bonds.  The Polish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over lost or 
destroyed Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Enforcement 
Any Holder of Covered Bonds may in any proceedings against the Bank, or to which such Holder and 
the Bank are parties, in his own name enforce his rights arising under such Covered Bonds on the 
basis of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account 
in respect of Covered Bonds (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a copy of the Covered Bonds in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of 
the Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the 
Global Covered Bond representing the Covered Bonds.  For purposes of the foregoing, Custodian 
means any bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities 
custody business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Covered 
Bonds and includes the Clearing System.  Each Holder may, without prejudice of the foregoing, 
protect and enforce his rights under the Covered Bonds also in any other way which is permitted in 
the country in which the proceedings are initiated. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF COVERED BOND HOLDERS MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The meeting of the Covered Bond Holders may consider any matter affecting their interests under the 
Covered Bonds, including the sanctioning by a resolution of a modification of the Conditions.  Such a 
meeting may be convened for each Series by the Bank and shall be convened by the Bank if required 
in writing by Covered Bond Holders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered Bond Holders 
who are members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 item 44 of the 
Polish Accounting Act).  The meeting of the Covered Bond Holders shall be convened by an 
announcement made at least 21 days before the date of the meeting published in accordance with 
Condition 9.  The meeting of the Covered Bond Holders maybe held at the seat of the entity operating 
the regulated market (in the event the Covered Bond Holders are admitted to trading on a regulated 
market) or in Warsaw, Poland.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing a resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered Bond Holders who are 
members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 item 44 of the Polish 
Accounting Act), except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of 
certain provisions of the Covered Bonds (including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered 
Bonds or any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing the nominal value or the rate of interest 
payable in respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered Bonds), 
the quorum shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal 
amount of the Covered Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered 
Bond Holders who are members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 
item 44 of the Polish Accounting Act).  A resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bond 
Holders shall be binding on all the Covered Bond Holders of the Series for which the meeting was 
held, whether or not they are present at the meeting.  The resolutions shall be passed: 
(a) 
in case of reduction of the nominal value of the Covered Bonds − by an unanimous vote of all 
present Covered Bond Holders; 
(b) 
in case of: 
i. 
modifications to the methods of calculating interest, and terms of payment (including 
reduction or cancellation) of interest; 
ii. 
modifications as to the time, place or method of satisfying the claims of the Covered 
Bond Holders, including the date, as at which entitlement to these benefits is 
established; or 
iii. 
the principles of convening, holding or adopting resolutions by the meeting of the 
Covered Bond Holders, 
by an unanimous vote of all present Covered Bond Holders (in case the Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market) or by a majority of 75 per cent. of all present 
Covered Bond Holders (in case the Covered Bonds are not admitted to trading on a regulated 
market); and 
(c) 
in all other cases − by a majority vote.

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
Any changes to the Conditions approved by the Covered Bond Holders in the manner specified above 
shall only take effect if the Bank consents thereto.  The Bank's statement concerning consent or the 
lack thereof for the change of the Conditions shall be published by the Bank on the Bank's website 
within seven days from the end of the meeting of the Covered Bond Holders.  Failure to publish such 
statement means that the Bank does not grant its consent for the change of the Conditions.   
Upon the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Event, the provisions of the Polish Bankruptcy Law with respect of 
meetings of holders of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank shall prevail.  For further details see 
Condition 5(c) above.

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
MARKET OVERVIEW 
The Polish economy 
According to Statistics Poland (Główny Urząd Statystyczny, GUS), the economic growth in Poland in 2023 
slowed down to 0.2 per cent., compared to 5.6 per cent. in 2022.  The decline in private consumption (-1 per 
cent. year on year) and the increase in investment (13.1 per cent. year on year) were accompanied by a high 
positive contribution to GDP growth from the improvement in the foreign trade balance and a large negative 
contribution from the change in inventories.  Over the course of 2023, the annual growth rate rebounded from 
-0.5 per cent. in the first half of the year to approximately 0.8 per cent. in the second half of the year.  The 
economic growth was linked to, among others, the fall in inflation, which led to an improvement in real 
household disposable income and improved private consumption.  
Registered unemployment rate in 2023 was at a historically low level of 5.1 per cent.  At the same time, 
because of the deteriorating demographic structure, there are significant supply constraints for further growth 
of employment. 
Inflation decreased from its peak of 18.4 per cent. year-on-year in February 2023 to 2.6 per cent. year-on-year 
in June 2024. 
The Monetary Policy Council, which is responsible for setting the reference rates, began loosening its policy 
and the main reference rate decreased from its peak of 6.75 per cent. to 5.75 per cent. as of the date of this 
Base Prospectus. 
 
 
31 December 2023 
31 December 2022 
Activity indicators 
 
 
Real GDP (per cent., year on year) 
0.20 
5.60 
Private consumption (per cent., year on year) 
-1.00 
5.40 
Investments (per cent., year on year) 
13.10 
2.70 
Industrial production (per cent., year on year) 
11.70 
10.70 
General government balance (per cent. of GDP) 
-5.10 
-3.40 
Government debt (per cent. of GDP) 
49.60 
49.20 
Registered unemployment rate (per cent.) 
5.10 
5.20 
Nominal GDP (USD billion) 
815.37 
689.24 
Prices 
 
 
CPI inflation rate (per cent., year on year average) 
11.60 
14.40 
PPI inflation rate (per cent., year on year average) 
2.80 
22.40 
Enterprise sector wage rates (per cent., year on year) 
9.60 
10.30 
Market indicators 
 
 
3-months' interbank rate (per cent.) 
5.88 
7.02 
EUR/PLN exchange rate (average) 
4.53 
4.69 
Source: GUS, NBP 
The Polish banking sector 
Structure of the Polish banking sector 
In line with KNF data, as at 31 March 2024, the total number of banks and branches of foreign credit 
institutions operating in Poland was 554: there were 29 domestic commercial banks, 34 branches of foreign 
credit institutions, and 491 cooperative banks operating in Poland. 
The following table sets out the number of domestic commercial banks, foreign credit institutions and 
cooperative banks operating in Poland:

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
 
31 March 
2024 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Total, including: 
554 
555 
557 
Domestic commercial banks 
29 
29 
30 
Branches of foreign credit institutions 
34 
34 
34 
Cooperative banks 
491 
492 
493 
Source: KNF's monthly data on the banking sector – April 2024 
Financial situation of the Polish banking sector 
In 2023 the structure of the Polish banking sector remained stable with continuation of trends observed in 
previous years.  Capital position, long and short term liquidity were all evaluated to be on safe levels, above 
the regulatory requirements. 
The table below presents the basic financial data for the Polish banking sector: 
 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Change 
2022/2023 
 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Total assets 
3,011.3 
2,733.0 
10.20 
Deposits from the non-financial sector 
1,815.7 
1,650.8 
10.00 
Loans to non-financial sector 
1,095.4 
1,116.9 
-1.90 
Source: KNF's monthly data on the banking sector – February 2024 
Loans 
In 2023, loans to the non-financial sector decreased by PLN 21.5 billion, i.e. 1.90 per cent. compared to 2022.  
The largest share of total loans to non-financial clients belongs to households (64 per cent.), followed by 
business (35 per cent.). 
High interest rates and decrease in the potential borrowers' creditworthiness resulted in a significant decrease 
in sales of new housing loans 2022.  In 2023 the sales of housing loans grew, mainly as a result of 
amendments to the KNF's recommendations concerning assessment of the borrowers' creditworthiness, 
accompanied by lower reference rates.  The higher sales of housing loans in 2023 were also largely supported 
by the launch of a governmental programme subsidising new housing loans.  
The following table sets out the structure of loans to non-financial clients: 
31 December 
2023 
31 December 
2022 
Change 
2022/2023 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Loans to non-financial sector, including: 
1,095.40 
1,116.90 
-1.90 
Loans to households, including: 
698.6 
710.5 
-1.7 
Housing loans 
443,0 
459.5 
-3.6 
Loans to business 
388,6 
398,0 
-2.4 
Source: KNF's monthly data on the banking sector – February 2024 
The quality of loan portfolio set out in the table below remained stable – share of receivables in stage 3: 
 
2023 
2012 
(per cent.) 
Households total 
5.05 
5.03 
Housing loans in PLN 
1.51 
1.49

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
Source: KNF's monthly data on the Polish banking sector – March 2024 
The quality of the housing loans portfolio is very high. As at 31 December 2023, the share of housing loans 
denominated in PLN being under observation or with identified impairment was at the level of 1.51 per cent. 
of the total portfolio. 
Residential market 
One of the permanent elements that characterises the Polish socio-economic situation is a shortage of flats.  
According to Deloitte Property Index 2023, the number of dwellings in Poland per 1,000 citizens in 2022 was 
413.  For comparison, the number in other countries included in the report is around 473.  In Germany, France 
and Spain, it is over 500 apartments. 
 
 
Source: Deloitte Property Index 2023 
In addition to a shortage in quantity, it is also important to point out the unsatisfactory standard of a large part 
of the available housing stock.  According to the Eurostat definition, over 35.8 per cent. of Poles live in 
overcrowded homes. 
 
0
100
200
300
400
500
600
Spain
France
Germany
Czech
Republic
Hungary
Poland
Number of dwellings per  1,000 citizens

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
 
Source: Eurostat 
Over the last five years the number of new dwellings completed in Poland has reached, on average, over 
200,000 per year.  According to GUS, 221,282 apartments were commissioned in 2023, (7.22 per cent. fewer 
than in the 2022).  In addition, there were almost 189,093 apartments whose construction has begun (5.59 per 
cent. fewer than in 2022) and 241,569 apartments for which construction permits have been issued or filed in 
accordance with the construction design (18.93 per cent. less than in 2022). 
 
Source: GUS 
The availability of an adequate housing stock is one of the factors that determines further social and economic 
development.  The significant housing shortage in Poland is an opportunity for the development of the 
mortgage banking market, which is based granting residential mortgage loans financed and refinanced through 
issuances of covered bonds. 
The prices of flats in Poland have systematically grown since 2014 by about 80 per cent. on average, more in 
particular locations.  The upward trend continued also in 2023, especially after the introduction of subsidies to 
35.8
25.1
15.1
9.2
11
6.6
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
Poland
Italy
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Spain
Share of people living in overcrowded homes 
(as % of the total population)
13,983
14,120
14,272
14,440
14,615
14,813
15,015
15,360
15,575
15,796
143
148
163
178
185
207
221
235
239
220
0
50
100
150
200
250
300
350
400
450
500
13,000
13,500
14,000
14,500
15,000
15,500
16,000
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
INGBH
Forecast
Growing number of dwellings in Poland (thous.)
Outstanding
Completed

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
mortgage loans by the Polish government in July 2023.  In 2023, compared to 2022 the prices increased by 
11.49 per cent. on the primary market and by 7.23 per cent. on the secondary market.  The average annual 
price growth from 2019 to 2023 was 54.84 per cent. on the primary market and 44.63 per cent. on the 
secondary market. 
The rental market is concentrated mainly in the largest Polish agglomerations.  It is a market dominated by 
private individual investors. Long-term renting dominates the market.  Demand is generated mainly by 
students, foreigners, people starting their career and employees delegated to a location other than their 
permanent address. 
 
 
Source: National Bank of Poland 
The Polish mortgage loan market 
In 2023 the Polish mortgage market grew after a significant slowdown in 2022.  As at 31 December 2023, the 
receivables of Polish banks under housing loans were PLN 479 billion, a 3.3 per cent. decrease as compared to 
31 December 2022.  According to the AMRON-SARFiN report dated 28 February 2024, in 2023 162,375 new 
residential mortgage loans of an aggregated value of PLN 62.8 billion (respectively 28.5 per cent. and 43.8 per 
cent. more than in in the previous year) were granted.  For several years, the trend of an increase in the 
average size of a single loan, which in the 2023 was around PLN 375,367, is clearly noticeable.  This is 
related to an increase in borrowers' affluence, interest in larger areas and constantly rising property prices. 
The Polish mortgage market is dominated by loans with a floating interest rate.  Currently, banks are 
expanding their offer of loans based on a fixed interest rate.  In 2023 loans granted in PLN accounted for 
99.69 per cent. of all new loans. 
In Poland, according to the European Mortgage Federation the ratio of total amount of residential loans to 
GDP in market prices is approximately 16.2 per cent. whereas in the EU countries, according to the European 
Mortgage Federation at the end of 2023, it was around 42.7 per cent. 
6,213
6,458
6,662
6,829
7,525
8,221
8,837
10,204
11,418
12,730
5,762
5,823
5,977
6,445
7,154
7,931
8,742
9,758
10,698
11,471
0
2,000
4,000
6,000
8,000
10,000
12,000
14,000
2014
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
Houses prices on the Polish housing market
(7 biggest cities: Gdańsk, Gdynia, Łódź, Kraków, Poznań, Warszawa, Wrocław)
Avarage primary market
Avarage secondary market
in PLN

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
 
Source: European Mortgage Federation – Hypostat September 2023 
The ratio of outstanding residential loans to disposable income of households in Poland is also lower than the 
European Union average. 
 
 
Source: European Mortgage Federation – Hypostat September 2023 
The high demand for housing, the growing economy and low interest rates are conducive to further growth in 
the mortgage market; however. 
Covered bond and mortgage bank market 
The Polish covered bond market is still small and only moderately liquid in comparison to developed EU 
economies, where covered bonds are an important source of financing mortgage loans.  At the end of 2023, 
the total outstanding covered bonds amounted to around 3.85 per cent. of the total residential loans portfolio, 
whereas, according to "ECBC European Covered Bond Fact Book 2023" at the end of 2022, in Germany and 
the Czech Republic this ratio was, respectively, 15.3 per cent. and 27.3 per cent.  While the Polish covered 
bond market is developing, the pace of this growth is relatively slow.  The principal amount of outstanding 
covered bonds issued by Polish mortgage banks has increased almost three times since 2015: 
75.6
84.6
22.4
36.7
48.5
47.6
23.7
16.2
0
20
40
60
80
100
Total outstanding residential 
loans to GDP for 2022
168.1
174.5
33.5
59.6
75.6
76.3
42.3
28.4
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
Denmark
Sweden
Italy
Spain
France
Germany
Czech
Republic
Poland
Total Outstanding Residential Loans to 
Disposable Income of Households Ratio for 2022
EU27 average = 71.5

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
 
Source: European Covered Bond Council and Harmonised Transparency Template Reports published by 
Polish mortgage banks 
The covered bonds are offered mostly in public offerings.  The majority of the covered bonds offered in the 
Polish market are floating rate covered bonds whereas the bonds offered in the foreign markets are fixed rate 
covered bonds. 
 
 
 
Source: Bank's own assessment based on the financial statements published by Polish mortgage banks. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, there are five mortgage banks operating in Poland: PKO Bank 
Hipoteczny S.A., mBank Hipoteczny S.A., Pekao Bank Hipoteczny S.A., ING Bank Hipoteczny S.A. and 
Millennium Bank Hipoteczny S.A.  As at 31 December 2023, the total value of outstanding covered bonds 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
2021
2022
2023
1Q 2024
Outstanding covered bonds issued by Polish mortgage bank - PLN million
10.01
8.44
Currency breakdown (PLN billion)
EUR
PLN
8.6
9.85
Interest rate breakdown (PLN billion)
float
fixed

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
issued by Polish mortgage banks was approximately PLN 18.5 billion.  PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A. is 
currently the largest issuer of mortgage bonds in Poland in terms of outstanding covered bonds portfolio.

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE BANK 
 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank has been 
derived from the audited standalone financial statements of the Bank for the financial years ended 31 
December 2023 and 2022 and the unaudited condensed interim standalone financial statements of the Bank 
for the six-month period ended 30 June 2024. 
The Bank's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Bank's annual financial statements have 
been prepared in accordance with the IFRS as adopted by the European Union.  The Bank's interim financial 
statements have been prepared in accordance with International Accounting Standard 34, Interim Financial 
Reporting. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Bank considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS.  The APMs are not measurements of 
the Bank's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of 
performance under IFRS or as measures of the Bank's liquidity. 
 
TCR (Total capital ratio) 
calculated by dividing the total capital of the Bank by total risk weighted 
assets at the end of the current accounting period. 
LR (Leverage ratio) 
calculated by dividing the total capital of the Bank by total exposures at 
the end of the current accounting period. 
LCR (Liquidity coverage ratio) 
calculated by dividing liquidity coverage of the Bank by net liquidity 
outflows at the end of the current accounting period. 
The Issuer believes that the above measures provide useful information to investors for the purposes of 
evaluating the financial condition and results of operations of the Issuer, the quality of its assets and the 
fundamentals of its business. 
In particular: 
(a) 
the ratios presented by the Issuer are aimed at quantifying certain aspects of the Issuer's business and 
its strengths within the context of the Polish banking system; and 
(b) 
the alternative performance measures, although not required by law in the preparation of financial 
statements, allow for comparisons with other banks, over different periods of time and between the 
Issuer and the average industry standards. 
Bank's financial information for the years ended 31 December 2023 and 31 December 2022 and for the 
six-months period ended 30 June 2024 and 30 June 2023

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
Selected Financial Data 
 
 
From  
1 January 2023 to  
31 December 2023 
From  
1 January 2022 
to 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Net interest income 
77,527.3 
-27,062.1 
Net income on basic activities 
76,274.7 
-28,560.9 
General and administrative expenses, including: 
-25,810.0 
-25,626.4 
operating expenses 
-23,122.5 
-22,307.1 
regulatory costs 
-2,687.5 
-3,319.3 
Gross profit (loss) 
51,558.1 
-56,127.8 
Net profit (loss) 
41,306.5 
-46,004.8 
Profit/loss per ordinary share (PLN) 
108.70 
-121.07 
 
 
From 
1 January 2024  
to 30 June 2024 
From 
1 January 2023 
to 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Net interest income 
26,167.3 
45,526.7 
Net income on basic activities 
25,195.9 
44,853.5 
General and administrative expenses, including: 
-16,918.2 
-16,310.0 
operating expenses 
-15,094.0 
-13,621.0 
regulatory costs 
-1,824.2 
-2,689.0 
Gross profit (loss) 
8,600.0 
27,695.5 
Net profit (loss) 
6,692.1 
21,986.5 
Profit/loss per ordinary share (PLN) 
17.61 
57.86 
 
 
As at  
31 December 2023 
As at  
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Amounts due from banks 
26,143.2 
13,348.0 
Debt securities 
86,293.0 
84,623.0 
Loans to customers 
3,660,051.8 
2,901,111.1 
Total assets 
3,777,242.4 
3,020,271.5 
Liabilities to other banks 
2,920,927.6 
2,043,049.2 
Liabilities under issue of bonds 
0.0 
135,927.4 
Liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
405,303.0 
406,711.6 
Total liabilities 
3,336,620.0 
2,595,259.1 
Share capital 
380,000.0 
380,000.0 
Total equity 
440,622.4 
425,012.4 
 
 
As at  
30 June 2024 
As at  
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Amounts due from banks 
11,503.0 
2,959.1 
Debt securities 
86,594.2 
85,759.4 
Loans and other receivables to customers 
3,722,405.8 
3,276,745.0 
Total assets 
3,827,212.2 
3,380,542.6 
Liabilities to banks 
2,991,567.7 
2,411,794.9 
Liabilities under issue of bonds 
0.0 
128,217.1 
Liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
405,638.7 
406,218.5 
Total liabilities 
3,410,619.8 
2,959,615.9 
Share capital 
380,000.0 
380,000.0 
Total equity 
416,592.4 
420,926.7

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
The basic ratios 
 
 
30 June 2024 
unaudited 
30 June 2023 
unaudited 
31 December 2023 
audited 
31 December 2022 
audited 
 
(per cent.) 
TCR 
26.07 
28.10 
23.58 
35.53 
LR 
10.71 
11.77 
10.84 
14.13 
LCR 
1626.41 
1470.84 
1348.48 
142 
 
Income Statement 
 
  
From  
1 January 2023  
to 31 December 2023 
From  
1 January 2022 to  
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Interest income, including: 
285,109.6 
121,385.9 
calculated using the effective interest method: 
285,109.6 
121,385.9 
Interest costs 
-207,582.3 
-148,448.0 
Net interest income 
77,527.3 
-27,062.1 
Fee and commission income 
1.9 
184.9 
Commission expenses 
-719.9 
-687.0 
Net commission income 
-718.0 
-502.1 
FX result 
-2.3 
-51.7 
Net income on other basic activities 
-532.3 
-944.7 
Net income on basic activities 
76,274.7 
-28,560.6 
General and administrative expenses, including: 
-25,810.0 
-25,626.5 
operating expenses 
-23,122.5 
-22,307.1 
regulatory costs 
-2,687.5 
-3,319.3 
Expected credit loss provision 
1,093.4 
-1,940.7 
Gross profit (loss) 
51,558.1 
-56,127.8 
Income tax 
-10,251.6 
10,123.0 
Net profit (loss) 
41,306.5 
-46,004.8 
  
 
 
Number of shares 
380,000 
380,000 
Profit(+)/loss(-) per ordinary share - basic (in PLN) 
108.70 
-121.07 
Profit(+)/loss(-) per ordinary share - diluted (in PLN) 
108.70 
-121.07 
 
  
From  
1 January 2024  
to 30 June 2024 
From  
1 January 2023 to  
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Interest income, including: 
129,768.3 
150,432.8 
calculated using the effective interest method: 
129,768.3 
150,432.8 
Interest costs 
-103,601.0 
-104,906.1 
Net interest income 
26,167.3 
45,526.7 
Fee and commission income 
703.4 
0.9 
Commission expenses 
-1,347.2 
-443.1 
Net fee and commission income 
-643.8 
-442.2 
FX result 
0.8 
11.5 
Net income on other basic activities 
-328.4 
-242.5 
Net income on basic activities 
25,195.9 
44,853.5 
General and administrative expenses, including: 
-16,918.2 
-16,310.0 
operating expenses 
-15,094.0 
-13,621.0 
regulatory costs 
-1,824.2 
-2,689.0 
Loss allowance 
322.3 
-848.0 
Gross profit (loss) 
8,600.0 
27,695.5 
Income tax 
-1,907.9 
-5,709.0 
Net profit (loss) 
6,692.1 
21,986.5 
  
 
 
Number of shares 
380,000 
380,000

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
Profit(+)/loss(-) per ordinary share - basic (in PLN) 
17.61 
57.86 
Profit(+)/loss(-) per ordinary share - diluted (in PLN) 
17.61 
57.86 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
  
From  
1 January 2023  
to 31 December 2023 
From  
1 January 2022  
to 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Profit (loss) after tax for the period 
41,306.5 
-46,004.8 
Other net comprehensive income, of which: 
1,241.7 
-614.0 
Items which can be reclassified to income statement, of which: 
1,237.4 
-830.3 
Unrealised result on securities at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
1,237.4 
-830.3 
including deferred tax 
-290.2 
194.8 
Items which will not be reclassified to income statement, of which: 
4.3 
216.2 
Actuarial gains/losses 
4.3 
216.2 
including deferred tax 
-1.0 
-50.7 
Net comprehensive income for the period 
42,548.2 
-46,618.8 
 
  
From  
1 January 2024  
to 30 June 2024 
From  
1 January 2023  
to 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Profit (loss) after tax for the period 
6,692.1 
21,986.5 
Total other comprehensive income, of which: 
259.3 
866.0 
Items which can be reclassified to income statement, of which: 
259.3 
866.0 
Unrealised result on securities at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
259.3 
866.0 
including deferred tax 
-60.8 
-203.1 
Net comprehensive income for the period 
6,951.4 
22,852.5 
 
Statement of financial position 
 
  
As of 31 December 2023 
As of 31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Amounts due from banks 
26,143.2 
13,348.0 
Debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
86,293.0 
84,623.0 
Loans to customers 
3,660,051.8 
2,901,111.1 
Property, plant and equipment 
1,413.5 
1,306.0 
Current income tax assets 
416.8 
6,112.7 
Deferred tax assets 
839.7 
11,382.6 
Other assets 
2,084.4 
2,388.1 
Total assets 
3,777,242.4 
3,020,271.5 
  
 
 
Liabilities to banks 
2,920,927.6 
2,043,049.2 
Liabilities under issue of bonds 
0.0 
135,927.4 
Liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
405,303.0 
406,711.6 
Provisions 
641.0 
561.7 
Other liabilities 
9,748.4 
9,009.2 
Total liabilities 
3,336.620.0 
2,595,259.1 
Share capital 
380,000.0 
380,000.0 
Supplementary capital - share premium 
15,997.4 
62,002.2 
Accumulated other income 
73.5 
-1,168.2 
Retained earnings 
44,551.5 
-15,821.6 
Total equity 
440,622.4 
425,012.4

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
Total equity and liabilities 
3,777,242.4 
3,020,271.5 
  
 
 
Carrying amount 
440,622.4 
425,012.4 
Number of shares 
380,000 
380,000 
Carrying amount per share (in PLN) 
1,159.53 
1,118.45 
 
  
As of 30 June 2024 
As of 30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Amounts due from banks 
11,503.0 
2,959.1 
Debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
86,594.4 
85,759.4 
Loans and other receivables to customers 
3,722,405.8 
3,276,745.0 
Property, plant and equipment 
1,291.0 
1,207.0 
Current income tax assets 
602.3 
6,529.5 
Deferred tax assets 
1,491.7 
5,470.5 
Other assets 
3,324.0 
1,872.1 
Total assets 
3,827,212.2 
3,380,542.6 
  
 
 
Liabilities to banks 
2,991,567.7 
2,411,794.9 
Liabilities under issue of bonds 
0.0 
128,217.1 
Liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
405,638.7 
406,218.5 
Provisions 
640.9 
561.7 
Other liabilities 
12,772.5 
12,823.7 
Total liabilities 
3,410,619.8 
2,959,615.9 
Share capital 
380,000.0 
380,000.0 
Supplementary capital - share premium 
15,997.4 
15,997.4 
Accumulated other income 
332.8 
-302.2 
Retained earnings 
20,262.2 
25,231.5 
Total equity 
416,592.4 
420,926.7 
Total equity and liabilities 
3,827,212.2 
3,380,542.6 
  
 
 
Carrying amount 
416,592.4 
420,926.7 
Number of shares 
380,000 
380,000 
Carrying amount per share (in PLN) 
1,096.30 
1,107.70 
 
Statement of changes in equity 
 
For the period from 1 January 2023 to 31 December 2023 
  
Share 
capital 
Supplementary 
capital - share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Opening balance of equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-1,168.2 
-15,821.6 
425,012.4 
Coverage of losses from previous 
years 
0.0 
-46,004.8 
0.0 
46,004.8 
0.0 
Net result for the current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
41,306.5 
41,306.5 
Dividend payout 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-26,938.2 
-26,938.2 
Other net comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
1,241.7 
0.0 
1,241.7 
Unrealised result on measurement of 
securities measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
1,237.4 
0.0 
1,237.4 
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
4.3 
0.0 
4.3 
Closing balance of equity 
380,000.0 
15,997.4 
73.5 
44,551.5 
440,622.4

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
For the period from 1 January 2022 to 31 December 2022 
 
  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital - share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Opening balance of equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-554.1 
40,538.8 
481,986.9 
Net result for the current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-46,004.8 
-46,004.8 
Dividend payout 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-10,335.6 
-10,335.6 
Other net comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
-614.0 
0.0 
-614.0 
Unrealised result on measurement of 
securities measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
-830.3 
0.0 
-830.3 
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
216.2 
0.0 
216.2 
Closing balance of equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-1,168.2 
-15,821.6 
425,012.4 
 
For the period from 1 January 2024 to 30 June 2024 
 
  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital - share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Opening balance of equity 
380,000.0 
15,997.4 
73.5 
44,551.5 
440,622.4 
Coverage of losses from previous 
years 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Net result for the current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
6,692.1 
6,692.1 
Dividend payout 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-30,981.4 
-30,981.4 
Other net comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
259.3 
0.0 
259.3 
Unrealised result on measurement of 
securities measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
259.3 
0.0 
259.3 
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Closing balance of equity 
380,000.0 
15,997.4 
332.8 
20,262.2 
416,592.4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
For the period from 1 January 2023 to 30 June 2023 
 
  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital - share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Opening balance of equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-1,168.2 
-15,821.6 
425,012.4 
Coverage of losses from previous 
years 
0.0 
-46,004.8 
0.0 
46,004.8 
0.0 
Net result for the current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
21,986.5 
21,986.5 
Dividend payout 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-26,938.2 
-26,938.2 
Other net comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
866.0 
0.0 
866.0 
Unrealised result on measurement of 
securities measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive income 
0.0 
0.0 
866.0 
0.0 
866.0 
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
Closing balance of equity 
380,000.0 
15,997.4 
-302.2 
25,231.5 
420,926.7

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
Cash flow statement 
 
  
From 1 January 
2023 to  
31 December 2023 
From 1 January 
2022 to  
31 December 2022 
 
(PLN thousand, audited) 
Profit after tax 
41,306.5 
-46,004.8 
Adjustments 
-540,332.7 
1,211,276.8 
Depreciation and amortisation 
400.7 
347.1 
Interest accrued (from the income statement) 
-77,527.3 
27,062.1 
Interest paid 
-381.6 
-362.0 
Interest received 
278,035.9 
117,267.3 
Income tax (from the income statement) 
-10,251.6 
10,123.0 
Income tax paid 
26,490.4 
-26,947.4 
Change in provisions 
83.6 
-45.6 
Change in loans and other receivables from banks 
0.0 
4.0 
Change in debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
-6,739.3 
-35,906.9 
Change in loans to customers 
-751,672.1 
984,199.9 
Change in fixed assets due to recognition of lease 
-183.6 
56.6 
Change in other assets 
-20.7 
-477.1 
Change in liabilities to other banks 
-2.4 
0.8 
Change in liabilities under issue of bonds 
0.0 
134,000.0 
Change in liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
328.7 
321.6 
Change in other liabilities 
1,106.6 
1,633.4 
Net cash flow from operating activities 
-499,026.2 
1,165,272.0 
   
 
 
Purchase of securities measured at amortized cost 
0.0 
14,995.6 
Interest received on debt securities 
6,111.8 
1,897.6 
Net cash flow from investing activities 
6,111.8 
16,893.1 
   
 
 
Dividend payout 
-26,938.2 
-10,355.6 
Long-term loans received 
3,304,525.4 
2,361,000.0 
Long-term loans repaid 
-2,429,000.0 
-2,778,000.0 
Interest on long-term loans repaid 
-168,889.2 
-115,663.8 
Proceeds from the issue of bonds 
376,000.0 
79,000.0 
Redemption of bonds 
-510,000.0 
-733,000.0 
Payment of interest on issued bonds 
-8,618.0 
-5,132.3 
Payment of interest on issued covered bonds 
-31,002.9 
-13,143.9 
Lease liabilities repaid 
-367.5 
-349.8 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
505,709.6 
-1,215.645.5 
   
 
 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
12,795.2 
-33,480.4 
Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents 
13,348.0 
46,828.4 
Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents 
26,143.2 
13,348.0 
 
  
From 1 January 
2024 to  
30 June 2024 
From 1 January 
2023 to  
30 June 2023 
 
(PLN thousand, unaudited) 
Profit after tax 
6,692.1 
21,986.5 
Adjustments 
-768,527.8 
-200,338.2 
Depreciation and amortisation 
207.7 
199.5 
Interest accrued (from the income statement) 
-26,167.3 
-45,526.7 
Interest paid 
-194.2 
-188.6 
Interest received 
131,757.2 
150,745.7 
Income tax (from the income statement) 
-1,907.9 
-5,709.0 
Income tax paid 
1,070.3 
11,204.2 
Change in provisions 
-0.1 
0.0 
Change in loans and other receivables from banks 
-12.6 
-6.3 
Change in debt securities measured at fair value through other comprehensive 
income 
-2,917.3 
-3,515.4

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
Change in debt securities measured at amortised cost 
-279.8 
0.0 
Change in loans to customers 
-64,143.3 
-375,843.7 
Change in fixed assets due to recognition of lease 
89.9 
60.5 
Change in other assets 
-1,414.7 
355.1 
Change in liabilities to banks 
-807,999.1 
63,727.6 
Change in liabilities under issue of covered bonds 
166.7 
162.0 
Change in other liabilities 
3,216.7 
3,996.9 
Net cash flow from operating activities 
-761,835.7 
-178,351.7 
   
 
 
Purchase of securities measured at amortized cost 
-249,720.2 
0.0 
Disposal of securities measured at amortized cost 
250,000.0 
0.0 
Interest received on debt securities 
2,688.3 
3,148.0 
Net cash flow from investing activities 
2,968.1 
3,148.0 
   
 
 
Dividend payout 
-30,981.4 
-26,938.2 
Long-term loans received 
2,260,523.7 
1,796,000.0 
Long-term loans repaid 
-1,384,000.0 
-1,492,000.0 
Interest on long-term loans repaid 
-88,887.2 
-84,476.4 
Proceeds from the issue of bonds 
0.0 
251,000.0 
Redemption of bonds 
0.0 
-258,000.0 
Payment of interest on issued bonds 
0.0 
-4,504.5 
Payment of interest on issued covered bonds 
-12,235.1 
-16,083.9 
Lease liabilities repaid 
-192.6 
-182.2 
Net cash flow from financing activities 
744,227.4 
164,814.8 
   
 
 
Net increase/decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
-14,640.2 
-10,388.9 
Opening balance of cash and cash equivalents 
26,143.2 
13,348.0 
Closing balance of cash and cash equivalents 
11,503.0 
2,959.1

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
History and general introduction 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna is a Polish mortgage bank (bank hipoteczny).  The core business of the 
Bank involves acquiring mortgage loans secured on residential properties granted by ING BSK.  The loans in 
the Bank's loan portfolio are denominated solely in PLN and as at the date of this Base Prospectus the Bank 
does not intend to acquire loans denominated in currencies other than PLN (for details on the Bank's loan 
portfolio, see "Business overview of the Bank" and "The Bank's loan portfolio" below).  As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank does not itself grant mortgage loans.  The Bank is the sole entity in the Group 
authorised to issue covered bonds. 
ING BSK, the sole shareholder of the Bank, is the fourth bank in Poland in terms of total assets.  ING BSK is 
a member of the ING capital group.  ING capital group provides financial and insurance services in 40 
countries worldwide.  The ING capital group's dominant entity is ING Groep N.V. with its registered office in 
Amsterdam. 
ING BSK has established the Bank as an entity through which the Group could diversify the Group's sources 
of funding.  The Group perceives the covered bonds issued by the Bank as an important source of long-term 
funding for the Group.  Additionally, obtaining funds through issuances of covered bonds by the Bank enables 
the Group to reduce the maturity mismatch between the Group's assets and liabilities. 
The Bank was established on 20 March 2018 for an indefinite period.  The Bank is entered into the register of 
entrepreneurs of the National Court Register maintained by District Court Katowice-Wschód in Katowice 
under number 0000723965.  The Bank is authorised to operate as a mortgage bank under the Polish Covered 
Bonds Act and is supervised by the KNF.  Its operating permit was issued by the KNF on 2 January 2019.  
The Bank's registered office is in Katowice at ul. Chorzowska 50 and its telephone number is +48 32 357 84 
33.  Although the Bank is a member of the Group and closely cooperates with ING BSK in its business 
operations, the Bank is an independent legal entity with separate corporate bodies.  The Bank has no 
subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Bank is PLN 380,000,000, which comprises 
380,000 ordinary shares each with a nominal value of PLN 1,000.00 each.  All of the Bank's shares are owned 
by ING BSK. 
Ratings 
Ratings assigned to ING BSK 
ING BSK has been assigned ratings by Moody's as set forth in the table below: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term deposit rating 
A2 
Stable 
Short-term deposit rating 
P-1 
N/A 
BCA rating 
baa2 
N/A 
Adjusted BCA rating 
baa1 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk assessment 
A1(cr) 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk assessment 
P-1(cr) 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk rating 
A1 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk rating 
P-1 
N/A

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
ING BSK has been assigned ratings by Fitch Ratings as set forth in the table below: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term issuer default rating 
A+ 
Stable 
Short-term issuer default rating 
F1+ 
N/A 
Viability rating 
bbb 
N/A 
Shareholder support rating 
a+ 
N/A 
National long-term rating 
AAA(pol) 
Stable 
National short-term rating 
F1+(pol) 
N/A 
Source: ING BSK 
Ratings assigned to the Bank 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's assigned the following ratings to the Bank and the covered 
bonds issued by the Bank: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Covered bonds rating 
Aa1 
N/A 
Long-term Bank's rating 
A3 
Stable 
Short-term Bank's rating 
P-2 
Stable 
Long-term counterparty risk 
A1 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk 
P-1 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk assessment 
A1(cr) 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk assessment 
P-1(cr) 
N/A 
According to the Moody's rating scale, obligations rated "Aa" are judged to be of high quality and are subject 
to very low credit risk. 
Under the Moody's rating scale counterparty risk assessments are opinions on the likelihood of a default by an 
issuer on certain senior operating obligations and other contractual commitments.  Issuers assessed "A(cr)" are 
judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low risk of defaulting on certain senior operating 
obligations and other contractual commitments. 
Moody's appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 
2 indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
Description of the Group and the Bank's position within the Group 
Overview 
The Bank is solely owned by ING BSK and is a member of the Group.  The Bank has no subsidiaries. 
As at 31 December 2023, ING BSK serviced approximately 4.6 million customers (including 4.0 million retail 
customers and 559 thousand corporate clients). 
In addition to products and services offered to retail and corporate banking clients, the Group provides 
specialist financial services with regard to leasing, factoring, investment funds, pension funds, investment 
banking, electronic payment services, life insurance, debt collection services and support in the conduct of 
business and offers Internet banking products and services.  ING BSK also generates income from its 
investment operations by investing ING BSK's excess liquidity in the inter-bank and Polish treasury securities 
markets. 
ING BSK's distribution network consists of 205 meeting places and 55 cash services points as at 31 December 
2023.  As at 31 December 2023, the Group employed 8,333 full-time equivalent staff and employees.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
As at 31 December 2023, the Group had market shares in the Polish banking sector of 7.9 per cent., 10.3 per 
cent. and 10.6 per cent. in respect of the assets, amounts due to customers and loans and advances to 
customers, respectively.  According to the NBP, the Group's share in the equity of the Polish banking sector 
for the year ended 31 December 2023 was 4.7 per cent. 
The Group's share in new sales of mortgage loans to retail banking customers amounted to 11.6 per cent. as at 
31 December 2023, which puts the Group in the fourth place in the Polish market.  ING BSK has a legacy 
portfolio of CHF-denominated mortgage loans, the active selling of which ceased in December 2008.  As at 
31 December 2023 and 2022, the share of foreign currency mortgage loans in total gross loan portfolio was 
0.1 per cent.  As at 31 December 2023, the amount of housing mortgage loans granted by the Group was PLN 
56 billion. 
ING BSK's primary residential loan products are standard repayment mortgages for financing home or 
apartment purchases, renovations or refurbishments.  These loans are secured by mortgages on the property 
being acquired or other property.  Until such mortgages are registered in the mortgage register, ING BSK 
insures the receivables under such loans during the interim period. 
Business overview of the Bank 
Spheres of activity 
The Bank's business activities as a Polish mortgage bank are subject to the Polish Covered Bonds Act.  The 
Bank's business activities include: (i) purchasing receivables under mortgage loans granted by other banks; (ii) 
issuing mortgage covered bonds; (iii) taking credits and loans; (iv) issuing bonds; (v) depositing debt 
securities; (vi) acquiring shares in other entities whose legal form ensures that the Bank's liability is limited to 
the value of funds invested by the Bank, if such investment supports the Bank's business activities, provided 
that the aggregate value of such shares does not exceed 10 per cent. of the Bank's own funds; (vii) providing 
consultancy services relating to the real estate market, including services to establish the mortgage lending 
value of real properties; and (viii) managing the receivables of the Bank and other banks under mortgage loans 
and granting these loans on behalf of other banks under agreements entered into with these banks.  The Bank 
does not accept deposits. 
The Bank focuses its business activity on acquiring mortgage loans for residential purposes granted by ING 
BSK (the pooling model), issuing covered bonds to finance or refinance the mortgage loans in the Bank's 
portfolio and entering into derivative transactions required by law.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank does not grant or acquire commercial mortgage loans and the Bank does not purchase loans from banks 
other than ING BSK.  Loans acquired by the Bank are denominated solely in PLN.  The Bank cannot exclude 
that in the future it might start acquiring commercial real estate loans denominated in PLN or in other 
currencies. 
The maximum amount of a loan at the time of acquiring the loan may not exceed 100 per cent. of the 
mortgage lending value of the property. 
Loans acquired by the Bank are secured by mortgages entered in the land and mortgage register with the 
highest priority.  The mortgage may be established over a house for a single family, a semi-detached house or 
a flat. 
The value of the property, i.e. the mortgage lending value of the property, is determined in a strictly 
prescribed form in accordance with the "Rules for determining the mortgage lending value of the property", 
approved by the KNF. 
Additionally, the Bank's claims under the loans are secured by an assignment of the borrower's pecuniary 
claims under the insurance policy against fire and other accidents relating to the property on which the 
mortgage is or will be established.   
The Bank's business activity is subject to a number of restrictions and the Bank must regularly conduct several 
tests to confirm that its activities comply with the regulatory restrictions and requirements.  The Bank follows 
the regulatory requirements and performs all required tests.  For a description of these restrictions and tests, 
see "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation".

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
From time to time the Bank may execute foreign exchange transactions and may enter into hedging 
transactions to hedge interest rate and foreign exchange risks.  Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, these 
transactions may only be entered into to support the Bank's principal business activities.  Additionally, under 
the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the Bank must hedge its foreign exchange risk if the covered bonds issued by 
the Bank are denominated in a currency different from: (i) the currency of the receivables in the cover pool; or 
(ii) the currency of cash held by the Bank or deposited by the Bank with the NBP or the currency in which the 
securities held by the Bank as substitute assets are denominated. 
The Bank's strategic position in the Group 
ING BSK set up the Bank in order to obtain long-term financing through issues of covered bonds. It would 
enable the Group to: 
 
reduce maturity mismatch between its assets and liabilities; 
 
diversity the Group's funding sources; and 
 
lower the Group's wholesale funding costs. 
Cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK in acquisition of mortgage loans 
The Bank's operations are based on maximum possible operational integration with ING BSK.  The Bank 
benefits from the Group's significant market share in the Polish residential mortgage loan market and the 
Group's extensive distribution network which ensures a stable growth of the number of mortgage loans the 
Bank may acquire.  Additionally, the Bank has access to ING BSK's know-how resources relating to 
managing mortgage loans granted to individuals and to risk models developed by the Group.  The Bank 
closely cooperates with ING BSK in servicing mortgage loans acquired from ING BSK.  Because of this close 
cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK, the Bank is dependent on ING BSK in conducting its business 
activities. 
In its business activity, the Bank benefits from ING BSK's know-how and resources, made available to the 
Bank under the cooperation agreement dated 25 September 2018 (the Cooperation Agreement) and the 
framework agreement for transfer of mortgage loans dated 17 January 2019 (the Framework Agreement), 
entered into between the Bank and ING BSK. 
During the proceedings at the KNF concerning the establishment of the Bank, ING BSK declared to the KNF 
that it will provide the Bank with financial support.  ING BSK also committed to the KNF to maintain the 
Bank's liquidity and capital adequacy ratios above the applicable regulatory limits. 
The Cooperation Agreement 
The Cooperation Agreement covers the following areas of cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK: 
 
post-sales services for loans acquired by the Bank, which have no impact on the risk associated with 
the loan, i.e. providing information on account balance, preparing statements from bank accounts and 
providing updates on upcoming payments, are outsourced to ING BSK and are performed by ING 
BSK branches as well as through internet banking and ING BSK's client contact centre; 
 
access to ING BSK's know-how and other resources: 
 
the Bank outsourced its back-office functions as well as processing settlements, payments, 
reconciliation of accounts and administrative support to ING BSK; 
 
both the Bank and ING BSK use the same risk evaluation tools and models for the sales and risk 
evaluation processes; 
 
both the Bank and ING BSK use the same IT systems in certain areas, however, the systems used 
by each bank store separate data and have separate access controls; and 
 
the Bank uses the same suppliers as ING BSK and usually benefits from supply and services 
agreement entered into by ING BSK for the benefit of the whole Group.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
ING BSK supports the Bank in operational aspects only.  The Bank independently makes all decisions relating 
to its business activities and its credit process. 
The Framework Agreement 
The Framework Agreement regulates the transfers of mortgage loans from ING BSK to the Bank.  The loans 
are transferred in tranches and each tranche is transferred to the Bank under a separate transfer agreement.  An 
independent expert separately evaluates each tranche of loans.  The Bank must pay ING BSK 90 per cent. of 
the purchase price within thirty days from the date of the transfer.  The remaining, interest-bearing part of the 
purchase price must be paid within 18 months from the date of the transfer. 
The pooling model 
Under the pooling model, the Bank purchases from ING BSK mortgage loans originated by ING BSK.  The 
purchase of mortgage loans from ING BSK is governed by the Framework Agreement The mortgage loans 
which the Bank acquires from ING BSK must satisfy the following criteria: 
 
The principal amount of the loan to the mortgage 
lending value: 
Maximum 100% 
Title to the property: 
Separate ownership or perpetual usufruct 
(użytkowanie wieczyste) 
Security interest: 
Mortgage with the highest priority 
Currency: 
PLN 
Arrears: 
None 
Purpose of the loan: 
Residential 
Servicing of the loans 
Following the transfer of a mortgage loan, ING BSK is responsible for dealing with the customers, managing 
their loan accounts and providing information on the customers during the term of the loans.  These services 
are conducted by ING BSK under the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Bank's loan portfolio 
All loans in the Bank's cover pool are PLN-denominated mortgage loans granted to private individuals.  As at 
31 December 2023, the principal amount of the loans in the Bank's portfolio was PLN 3.6 billion and the 
principal amount of the loans in the cover pool was PLN 2.4 billion. 
As at 31 December 2023, 99.98 per cent. of loans in the Bank's cover pool are floating rate loans with an 
interest rate based on WIBOR for six months and 0.02 per cent. of loans in the Bank's cover poll are loans 
with a periodically fixed interest rate.  As at 31 December 2023, the average contractual maturity of the loans 
in the cover pool was 223 months (weighted average). 
The Polish Covered Bonds Act sets out the detailed eligibility criteria for a loan to be included in the cover 
pool.  For a description of this criteria see "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation – Composition 
of the Cover ". 
The Bank periodically publishes disclosure reports (raporty ujawnień) regarding issuances of the mortgage 
covered bonds by the Bank and the structure of its loan portfolio.   
Composition of the Bank's cover pool 
The Bank's cover pool does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 
80 of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the 
implementation of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast).  These asset-backed 
securities have never been included in the Bank's cover pool and the Bank does not intend to include such 
asset-backed securities in its cover pool in the future.

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
Other sources of financing 
Apart from issuing covered bonds, the Bank raises financing through: 
 
credit facilities;  
 
short-term bond issuances; and 
 
the deferred payment of purchase price for loans acquired from ING BSK. 
Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the Bank's obligations under outstanding bonds and loans and credit 
facilities cannot exceed ten times the Bank's own funds. 
As at 31 December 2023, the principal amount of outstanding loans and credit facilities was PLN 
2,795,044,700, the principal amount of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank was PLN 400 million 
and the amount of deferred payments of purchase prices for loans acquired from ING BSK was PLN 
125,881,400. 
Risk Management 
General  
Risk management is a key internal process within the Bank.  It is aimed at ensuring the profitability of 
commercial activity by providing the control of the risk level and maintaining it within the risk tolerance and 
limits applied by the Bank in a changing macroeconomic and legal environment.  The expected level of risk 
plays an important role in the Bank's planning process. 
As a result of the statutory restrictions on activities that may be pursued by mortgage banks, the Bank's asset-
liability structure is distinct from that which generally characterises the Polish banking system.  The Bank's 
asset side consists predominantly of mortgage loans.  The Bank's liabilities consist of equity and credit 
facilities granted to the Bank.  The Bank assumes that the covered bonds it issues will also play a significant 
part in the Bank's liabilities in the future. 
Risk management within the Bank is based on the following principles: 
 
the risk management process, including the management of risk relating to the loan process, is defined 
and regulated by strategies, policies and procedures adopted by the Bank's Management Board and 
Supervisory Board; 
 
the Bank manages all identified types of banking risks and performs an ICAAP (Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process) wherein: 
 
the risk management process is appropriate to the scale of operations and to the significance, 
scale and complexity of a given risk, and tailored to new risk factors and sources on a current 
basis; and 
 
the risk management methods, in particular the models and their assumptions, and the risk 
measurement systems are tailored to the scale and complexity of the risk, and are periodically 
verified and validated; 
 
having an organisational structure that ensures the independence of the risk area, including the 
separation of the mortgage valuation and credit decision-making processes from the Bank's 
commercial activities, taking into account the Bank's business model, which does not assume granting 
new loans; 
 
integration with the planning and controlling systems and supporting the implementation of the 
Bank's strategy in compliance with the risk management strategy, particularly in terms of risk 
tolerance levels;  
 
the risk management process is consistent with the Group's principles of risk management, including 
the usage of the Group's risk and valuation models, modified to reflect the nature of the Bank's 
activities and approved by the Bank's Management Board and Supervisory Board; and

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
 
 
reporting on the identified sources of risk and risk factors as well as on identified levels of risk to 
enable the Bank to take appropriate preventive and remedy measures. 
Guidelines and methodologies for measuring risk have been approved by the Bank's Management Board and 
are subject to regular review, taking into account the applicable legal and regulatory framework, economic 
and financial environment, interest rate outlook, and the overall level of market risks affecting the Bank's 
balance sheet transactions.  The Bank's guidelines and methodologies for measuring risk are aligned with the 
guidelines and methodologies for measuring risk introduced by the Group. 
Risk management process 
The process of risk management in the Bank consists of the following elements: 
 
risk identification: the identification of actual and potential sources of risk and an estimation of the 
significance of their potential influence on the financial and non-financial situation of the Bank.  
Within the risk identification process, types of risk perceived as significant to the Bank's activities are 
identified; 
 
risk assessment and measurement: each identified risk must be assessed to determine the significance 
of this risk for the Bank.  This enables the Bank to choose the risks that require additional control 
measures and the severity of these measures.  Risks that have been identified and assessed previously 
must be re-assessed to confirm or amend the assessment made previously; 
 
risk control: establishing limit-risk levels in particular areas of operations.  Risk control covers the 
determination of control mechanisms adequate to the scale and complexity of the Bank's operations, 
particularly in the form of the Risk Appetite Statement; 
 
risk forecasting and monitoring: preparing risk-level forecasts and monitoring deviations from 
forecasts or adopted reference points (e.g. limits, thresholds, plans, measures from the previous 
period, recommendations and suggestions).  Risk monitoring is performed with a frequency 
appropriate to the significance and volatility of a specific risk type; 
 
risk reporting: periodically informing the Bank's managing and supervisory bodies (also through their 
relevant committees) of the results of risk measurement or risk assessment, actions taken and 
recommended actions.  The scope, frequency and form of reporting are adjusted to the management 
level of the recipients; and 
 
management actions: including, in particular, issuing internal regulations, establishing levels in the 
Risk Appetite Statement, establishing limits and thresholds, issuing recommendations, making 
decisions about the use of tools supporting risk management, and taking action to maintain a defined 
level of risk.  The objective of management actions is to direct the risk management process and risk 
levels. 
The Bank's Management Board is responsible for risk management, including supervising and monitoring the 
Bank's activities. The Bank's Management Board takes the most important decisions affecting the risk profile 
of the Bank and adopts internal regulations concerning risk management. 
The risk management process is executed in three lines of defence, which are independent of one another in 
organisational and functional terms. 
The first line of defence consist of the Bank's organisational units managing risk in the operational activity of 
the Bank (in particular, Treasury, Business, Operations, Legal, Finance and Human Resources units).  The 
first line of defence is responsible for working out, implementing and executing control mechanisms aimed at 
attaining the objectives of the internal control system.  It ensures that the rules, including any relevant limits 
resulting from internal and external regulations, are observed in order to achieve compliance with applicable 
laws and markets standards.  The responsibilities of the first line of defence include the analysis, control and 
management of risk.  
The second line of defence consists of units responsible for the areas of operational risk, model risk, 
compliance risk and credit and market risk.  The second line of defence supports the first line of defence in 
attaining the objectives of the internal control system, in particular through the issuance of internal regulations

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
 
and ensuring the methods and tools within the internal control system are adequate for the bank's profile, 
monitoring the first line of defence's observance of control mechanisms, horizontal monitoring of the 
observance of control mechanisms within the second line of defence, performing independent control and 
quality assurance, reporting risks which may be material to the Bank as well as reporting identified threats and 
instances of non-compliance. 
The internal audit function is the third line of defence, the purpose of which is an independent review and 
assessment of the risk management system and internal control system (excluding internal audit) introduced 
by the Bank. 
Mortgage lending value 
Due to the asset structure of the Bank, the process of assessing the mortgage lending value of a property is 
critical to the operations of the Bank.   
The Bank's policy with respect to credit security and its valuation is based on the Polish Covered Bonds Act, 
the Banking Law and the Act on Land and Mortgage Register and Mortgages dated 6 July 1982 (Ustawa z 
dnia 6 lipca 1982 r. o księgach wieczystych i hipotece).  The Bank's policy also takes into account the KNF's 
guidelines. 
The Bank has in place and applies the Mortgage Lending Value Calculation Rules approved by the KNF and 
issued in accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act and KNF recommendations. 
The mortgage lending value determined by the Bank reflects the long-term risk associated with property 
serving as collateral for loans advanced by the Bank and is used to calculate the maximum amount of a loan 
secured by a mortgage over a given property or to decide whether a loan secured by this property can be 
purchased by the Bank.   
The Bank calculates the mortgage lending value based on an expert's opinion, prepared with due care and 
diligence, taking into account only those characteristics of the property and expenditure necessary to build it 
which are permanent and can be obtained by any owner of the property assuming its reasonable use.  The 
expert's opinion, prepared as at a specific date, presents the assumptions and parameters based on which the 
analysis was made, the calculation process and the proposed mortgage lending value.  The opinion takes into 
account the analyses and forecasts of the parameters specific to a given property which are material for credit 
risk assessment, as well as general factors, such as population growth, unemployment rate, and regional and 
urban development. 
The mortgage lending value of a property for loans acquired by the Bank from ING BSK is determined in the 
following stages: 
 
Stage 
Description 
Legal due diligence of the real 
property 
ING BSK conducts a legal due diligence of the real property 
encumbered with the mortgage. 
Preparing a report on the property 
and a market report 
An external expert who has demonstrated to the Bank sufficient 
experience and skills in estimating banking risk associated with 
securing mortgage loans prepares a report on the property and a 
market report. 
Preparing the mortgage lending 
value valuation 
The Valuation and Credit Decisions Team, a separate unit of the Bank, 
prepares the mortgage lending value valuation. 
Final review of the valuation and 
determining the mortgage lending 
value of the property 
The Valuation and Credit Decisions Team, a separate unit of the Bank, 
conducts a final review of the valuation and determines the final 
mortgage lending value of the property.

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE BANK 
General 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) operating under Polish law.  The Bank, its management 
and the Bank's corporate setup are governed by the Statutes of the Bank.  The business address of all members 
of the Bank's Management Board is ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland.  The business address of 
all members of the Bank's Supervisory Board is ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland. 
To the best of the Bank's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board with respect to the Bank and their private 
interests or other duties. 
Management structure and committees 
The Management Board represents the Bank in all matters and is responsible for its day-to-day management.  
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the operations of the Bank.  The Supervisory Board is 
not responsible for the management of the Bank, but certain decisions require the Supervisory Board's 
approval. 
There is one committee within the Supervisory Board: the Audit and Risk Committee.  The Audit and Risk 
Committee supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring and supervising the financial reporting process, 
internal and external audit and the organisation of the Bank's management.  The Audit and Risk Committee 
also monitors the relationship between the Bank and the Bank's auditor.  Additionally, the Audit and Risk 
Committee supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the risk management system. 
Management Board 
The Management Board manages the activities of the Bank, acts on the Bank's behalf and makes decisions in 
all matters regarding the Bank which are not reserved for the General Meeting or the Supervisory Board.  The 
Management Board is also responsible for making all decisions concerning issuances of covered bonds by the 
Bank.  The operations of the Management Board are further regulated by the Management Board's by-laws. 
The Management Board consists of at least three members who are appointed and dismissed by the 
Supervisory Board.  The members of the Management Board are appointed for a joint three-year term.  There 
are no restrictions on reappointment of members of the Management Board.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the members of the Management Board are: 
 
Name 
Position 
Commencement of 
membership on 
the Management 
Board 
Commencement of 
current term of 
office 
Date of 
expiration of 
current term of 
office 
Jacek Frejlich 
President of the 
Management Board 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Katarzyna 
Majchrzak 
Vice-president of the 
Management Board 
1 September 2023 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Marek Byczek 
Vice-president of the 
Management Board 
1 October 2022 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Bank's Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Bank's operations.  The Supervisory Board 
appoints the Management Board members, approves the Bank's strategy and the Bank's financial plans.  The 
operations of the Supervisory Board are regulated by the by-laws of the Supervisory Board.  The Supervisory

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
 
Board consists of at least five members appointed by the Bank's General Meeting for a joint three-year term.  
There are no limits on the reappointment of Supervisory Board members.   
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has the following members: 
 
Name 
Position 
Commencement of 
membership 
Commencement of 
current term of 
office 
Date of expiration 
of the current 
term of office 
Bożena Graczyk 
Chairwoman 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Marcin Giżycki 
Deputy Chairman 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Brunon 
Bartkiewicz 
Member 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Joanna Erdman 
Member 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Krzysztof Gmur 
Member 
26 February 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Jacek Michalski 
Member 
10 August 2018 
9 May 2024 
31 December 2027 
Cover Pool Monitor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, upon application by the Supervisory Board, the KNF appointed Ms 
Grażyna Zielińska as Cover Pool Monitor and Mr Krzysztof Brejdak as Deputy Cover Pool Monitor.  The 
Cover Pool Monitor's responsibilities are described in "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation" 
below.

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
ING BSK provides the Bank with services in the key areas of the Bank's operations, such as: accounting 
controlling, IT, IT security, credit risk and models validation, market risk, liquidity risk, operating risk, IT 
risk, procurement services, HR services, business and operations, treasury, legal services, data management, 
compliance risk and audit.  Some of the activities are performed as part of outsourcing, in accordance with 
applicable laws, while all decision-making processes related to the conducted activity are performed by the 
Bank.  ING BSK maintains current accounts and short-term deposit accounts for the Bank.  Moreover, the 
Bank's employees have access to credit lines which ING BSK makes available through credit cards offered to 
the Group's employees.  
All the above mentioned transactions are carried out on an arm's length basis.  The Bank and ING BSK also 
carry out transactions resulting from agreements for the sub-lease of premises used for the Bank's registered 
office, the office in Warsaw and a backup centre, support agreements concerning IT and personnel and payroll 
services. 
Furthermore, the Bank benefits from services provided by other related entities, ie SWIFT operating services 
provided by ING Belgium N.V., financial and accounting services provided by ING Usługi dla Biznesu S.A., 
global directory services provided by ING Hubs B.V., Polish Branch and robotic automation software services 
provided by SAIO S.A. 
In the course of its business activities, the Bank provides ING BSK with refinancing of the housing mortgage 
loans originated by ING BSK and acquired by the Bank.

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF LEGAL REGULATIONS CONCERNING THE BANKING SECTOR 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Polish law concerning the 
banking sector as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Polish legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to banking activities. 
Specific legal requirements for banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow 
directly from the provisions of the Banking Act dated 29 August 1997 (Ustawa z dnia 29 sierpnia 1997 r. 
Prawo bankowe) (the Banking Act), and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations issued by the 
KNF.  The most important of these obligations relate to banks' own funds, the capital adequacy ratio, solvency 
ratio, exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial management conducted by banks. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy.  Regulations on personal data protection are particularly 
important for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers.  Personal data may be 
processed exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational resources 
which ensure the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making it available to 
third parties. 
Banks must also comply with regulations for the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose 
of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities for 
and on behalf of the bank or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Agreements concluded by banks with their customers are subject to detailed regulations protecting the 
interests of consumers. 
Banking supervision exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is exercised by the KNF and covers in particular: 
 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, solvency 
and the financial results of banks; 
 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular the risk management system and 
internal control system; 
 
auditing compliance of the bank's activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
 
monitoring and controlling the bank's compliance with the exposure concentration limits and 
standards for the risk acceptable in banks' operations as determined by KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to carry out supervision over banks 
(including the possibility to conduct inspections). 
Other supervisory authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, the 
most important of which are as follows: 
 
the President of the Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers with respect to protecting 
market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
 
the Head of the Data Protection Office with respect to collecting, processing, managing and protecting 
personal data; and 
 
the minister responsible for financial institutions (the Minister of Finance) and the General Inspector 
for Financial Information with respect to the prevention of money laundering and financing of 
terrorism.

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The Bank Guarantee Fund covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivable in respect of 
claims confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system.  Participation in the Bank 
Guarantee Fund is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks 
operating in Poland.  Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the Bank 
Guarantee Fund and are obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund.  The mandatory guarantee 
system ensures that if a bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount 
specified in the regulations, are returned.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to the amount 
equivalent to EUR 100,000 per single person in respect of deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully 
covered by the guarantee system.  Funds deposited in particular by government administration authorities, 
other banks, credit institutions, insurance companies, investment and pension funds are not covered by the 
guarantee system. 
Mortgage Credit Act 
The Mortgage Credit Act, which implements the Directive 2014/17/EU into Polish law, came into force on 22 
July 2017.  The general purpose of the Mortgage Credit Act is to improve the position of borrowers who 
purchase real estate.  The Mortgage Credit Act introduces restrictions on granting mortgage loans such as 
restrictions on currencies in which a loan may be granted, which depend on the currency of the borrower's 
income.  Banks will be allowed to tie mortgage loans with other products except the auxiliary bank account 
free of charge (which does not concern Polish mortgage banks as they are not allowed to maintain bank 
accounts for their clients).  It does not affect the cross-selling that respects the borrower's right to choose a 
standalone mortgage loan or other combined offer.  Additionally, while a bank may require the borrower to 
insure the property financed with the mortgage loan and to assign this insurance to the bank, the bank may not 
restrict the borrower's ability to choose an insurer, as long as the insurance policy meets the criteria stipulated 
by the bank.  The Mortgage Credit Act imposes several mortgage loans information requirements on banks.  
The first requirement is in respect of advertisements concerning mortgage loans which must provide detailed 
information about, and refer to all important features of, the mortgage loans.  The next is the offer information 
which must be presented in a special information sheet and submitted to the customer after getting acquainted 
with his credit needs.  The information sheet is binding on a bank for 14 days.  Banks are also obliged to issue 
a credit decision within 21 days of the date of a loan application and to justify the refusal of granting a loan.  
The third requirement is in respect of the content of the loan agreement, which is also strictly regulated.  It 
includes a customer's right to withdraw from the loan agreement within 14 days of the date of signing the 
agreement.  The Mortgage Credit Act introduces licensing requirements for brokerage and agent services 
regarding mortgage loans.  Moreover it introduces regular training requirements as a condition of maintaining 
the licence.  Banks are also required to conduct regular training of their employees involved in mortgage loan 
origination processes. 
Personal data protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of particular importance to banking operations.  Personal data may be processed exclusively in 
compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means that ensure the 
protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties.  Additionally, the persons 
to which such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal data and to correct it. 
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) entered into force on 25 May 2018.  It imposes new 
obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of personal data.  This means a 
significant change for companies in their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it 
available to the relevant employees. 
The key challenges resulting from the GDPR's implementation result from: 
 
the definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates, will be 
much broader; 
 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions;

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
 
 
the legal rights of the individual will be increased considerably; 
 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers will have many new obligations 
related to providing technical and organizational protection of personal data; and 
 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation can reach EUR 20 million or 4 per cent. 
of an organisation's annual worldwide turnover.  Moreover, individuals will have the right to judicial 
redress and claim compensation beyond the statutory fines.

--- Page 105 ---
98 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE POLISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Polish law governing the 
issuance of covered bonds as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  It does not purport to be, and is not, a 
complete description of all aspects of the Polish legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to the 
Covered Bonds. 
Introduction 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the main act of law governing the covered bonds in Poland is the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act was adopted on 29 August 1997 and came into force on 
1 January 1998.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act was significantly amended on 24 July 2015.  These 
amendments came into force on 1 January 2016.  On 7 April 2022 the Polish parliament passed an act 
implementing the Covered Bonds Directive into Polish law.  This act came into force on 8 July 2022.  Other 
laws and regulations that also apply to mortgage banks and covered bonds are the Bonds Act, the Banking 
Act, the Polish Bankruptcy Law as well as the decrees issued by the Minister of Finance and the 
recommendations issued by the KNF. 
Mortgage banks 
In Poland, only specialised mortgage banks and Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, a state development bank, 
may issue covered bonds.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, all mortgage banks operating in Poland are 
subsidiaries of a bank and a separate legal entity.  Establishing a mortgage bank requires a permit from the 
KNF and mortgage banks' activities are subject to KNF supervision. 
Mortgage banks' lending activity 
In accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the lending activities of the mortgage banks cover: (i) 
granting mortgage loans; (ii) granting loans secured by a guarantee of the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD member 
states, except for countries that are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their external 
indebtedness in the last five years, loans to these entities, loans to local government units and loans secured by 
a guarantee from the local government units; and (iii) purchasing loans of the type referred to in (i) and (ii) 
above from other banks. 
Covered bonds 
Covered bonds (listy zastawne) are debt securities issued exclusively by mortgage banks and Bank 
Gospodarstwa Krajowego under the Polish Covered Bonds Act.  There are two types of covered bonds: 
mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) and public covered bonds (publiczne listy zastawne).  For 
a description of assets constituting the basis for issuing mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds, 
see "Core assets" below. 
The covered bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank, and rank pari 
passu among themselves and all other obligations of the Bank which have the same priority as the covered 
bonds.  Any obligations of the Bank arising from the covered bonds are obligations of the Bank the repayment 
of which can be realised from any assets of the Bank, subject to a special regime that applies in respect of the 
obligations arising from the covered bonds on the Bank's bankruptcy.  The assets which satisfy the relevant 
criteria set out in the Polish Covered Bonds Act and which cover the obligations of the Bank arising from the 
covered bonds are referred to in this Base Prospectus as the cover pool.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act sets 
out the criteria that certain assets must meet to be eligible to constitute cover for covered bonds. 
Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the title to assets in the cover pool is held by the Bank and these assets 
remain on the Bank's balance sheet.  Subject to certain exceptions in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings 
(described in detail in the "Bankruptcy and Insolvency" section), the holders of the covered bonds do not 
have direct access to the assets in the cover pool. 
In accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the mortgages established to secure loans included in the 
cover pool must have the highest priority.  This means that, on enforcement of the Bank's claims secured by a

--- Page 106 ---
99 
 
 
mortgage, the Bank's claims will be satisfied after the satisfaction of the enforcement costs, alimonies, and the 
statutory minimum wage for a three-month period, pensions due as compensation for an illness, inability to 
work, disability or death but ahead of the other creditors of the Bank. 
The aggregate principal amount of outstanding covered bonds may not exceed 40 times the mortgage bank's 
own funds increased by the general risk reserves created by the mortgage bank. 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
General 
A mortgage bank maintains separate cover pools for mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds.  
There is only one cover pool for each type of covered bond, so that holders of all mortgage covered bonds 
have the benefit of the same cover pool and holders of all public covered bonds have the benefit of the same 
cover pool.  The cover pool must comply with the requirements concerning, among others, the value of the 
assets, set out in the Polish Covered Bonds Act.   
Additionally, a mortgage bank must maintain a cover pool register (rejestr zabezpieczenia listów zastawnych) 
for each cover pool indicating the assets constituting the cover pool.  A mortgage bank enters both core and 
substitute assets as well as the assets in the liquidity buffer in the cover pool register.  For a description of 
assets in the liquidity buffer, please see "Liquidity buffer" below. 
The value of a loan disclosed in the cover pool register is up to the amount of the loan indicated in the relevant 
loan agreement for the loans originated or acquired by the mortgage bank.  Within three months from the end 
of each financial year, a mortgage bank will announce in "Monitor Sądowy i Gospodarczy" the aggregate 
value of assets entered in the register as at the end of the financial year. 
There are two types of assets in the cover pool: the core assets and the substitute assets.  At least 85 per cent. 
of the assets in the cover pool must be core assets.  Mortgage banks are subject to a mandatory 
overcollateralisation requirement, so that at all times the value of the assets in the cover pool must be at least 
105 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds.  If the assets in the cover 
pool are denominated in a currency different from the currency of the covered bonds, the mortgage bank is 
required to enter into transactions hedging the currency risk. 
A mortgage bank cannot dispose of the assets included in the cover pool without the prior written consent of 
the Cover Pool Monitor.  Generally, a mortgage bank can use the assets in the cover pool as collateral only for 
the covered bonds.  The only exceptions are establishing collateral for hedging transactions entered into by the 
mortgage bank and entered in the cover pool register and collateral established in favour of settlement systems 
of which a mortgage bank is a member. 
Core assets 
For the mortgage covered bonds, the core assets consist of mortgage loans, both originated by the mortgage 
bank and acquired by the mortgage bank from other banks.   
The mortgage bank may apply the proceeds from the issuance of covered bonds towards refinancing the 
mortgage loans in the cover pool.  Refinancing in relation to a single loan cannot exceed 80 per cent. of the 
mortgage lending value for residential properties and 60 per cent. of the mortgage lending value for other 
properties. 
A mortgage securing a loan to be included in the cover pool must have the highest priority.  The mortgage 
bank may disburse the funds to the borrower before the mortgage is entered in the land and mortgage register 
if the bank received interim security. 
Loans secured by mortgages over real property on which construction works are pending cannot exceed 10 
per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of loans in the cover pool.  Loans secured by mortgages over real 
property on which there are no buildings, but which is designated for construction in the applicable zoning 
plan, cannot exceed 10 per cent. of this limit. 
For public covered bonds, the core assets are: (i) loans secured by a guarantee of the State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
 
OECD member states, except for states which are restructuring their external indebtedness or have 
restructured their external indebtedness in the last five years; (ii) loans to the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD member 
states, except for states which are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their external 
indebtedness in the last five years; (iii) loans to local government units; (iv) loans secured by a guarantee from 
the local government units; and (v) debt securities issued by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland, 
local government units or Bank Gospodarstwa Krajowego, guaranteed by the State Treasury of the Republic 
of Poland. 
Substitute assets 
The substitute assets, for both mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds, are securities issued or 
guaranteed by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, 
governments and central banks of the EU and OECD member states, except for states which are restructuring 
their external indebtedness or have restructured their external indebtedness in the last five years, cash 
deposited by the mortgage bank with the NBP and cash held by the mortgage bank. 
Liquidity buffer 
A mortgage bank has to maintain a liquidity buffer.  The value of the assets in the liquidity buffer must be at 
least the amount of the maximum net liquidity outflows for the next 180 days.  The net liquidity outflows are 
due payments under the covered bonds, taking into account the maturity date of the covered bonds extended 
by 12 months, including interest, principal and payments under derivatives included in the covered bond 
programme reduced by the payments to be received on the same day from the assets included in the cover 
pool.  The only assets that can be included in the liquidity buffer are Level 1, 2A or 2B assets as set out in the 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) 2015/61 of 10 October 2014 supplementing Regulation (EU) No. 
575/2013 of the European Parliament and of the Council with regard to the requirement to cover net outflows 
for credit institutions that are valued in accordance with the Regulation and are not issued by entities referred 
to in Article 7(3) of this delegated regulation.  The assets included in the liquidity buffer cannot be used as a 
base for issuing covered bonds. 
Derivatives 
Derivatives may be included in the cover pool if they meet the following criteria: 
 
the hedging arrangements were entered into in order to mitigate currency risk or interest rate risk 
associated with the issued covered bonds, with the volume of hedging arrangements hedging this risk 
in question being reduced accordingly if the risk being hedged is reduced, and if the risk being hedged 
ceases to exist, the instruments are removed from the cover pool register; 
 
the counterparty is a domestic bank, credit institution, brokerage house or foreign investment firm; 
 
the counterparty (i) has a credit quality rating of 1 or 2, assigned by an external credit assessment 
institution, (ii) is not subject to restructuring proceedings, (iii) is not in liquidation or bankruptcy or 
has not had an application for bankruptcy dismissed against it and (iv) is not an entity undergoing 
restructuring within the meaning of Article 2.44 of the Resolution Act; 
 
the hedging arrangements excludes the power to terminate it upon the initiation of resolution or 
bankruptcy proceedings against the mortgage bank or the dismissal of the application for bankruptcy 
of the mortgage bank; 
 
the collateral for the hedging arrangements meets the criteria set out in Art. 129.1(c) of the CRR; and 
 
the valuation of hedging arrangements was made in accordance with the accounting principles 
adopted by the mortgage bank.

--- Page 108 ---
101 
 
 
Valuation of assets in the Cover Pool 
As required by the Polish Covered Bonds Act, a mortgage bank should determine the mortgage lending value 
of a real property in a prudent and cautious manner.  The mortgage lending value of a property is determined 
on the basis of valuation prepared by the mortgage bank or by a separate entity.  The Cover Pool Monitor and 
the KNF may review the valuation.  The detailed principles of determining the mortgage lending value of a 
real property are issued by the management board of a mortgage bank and are subject to the KNF's approval.  
Under Recommendation F issued by the KNF, if the valuation is conducted by the mortgage bank, it should be 
conducted by a separate organisational unit within the mortgage bank, independent from the units responsible 
for selling mortgage loans and handling the loan application process.  Additionally, Recommendation F 
provides that a simplified valuation procedure may be adopted for credit exposures whose value does not 
exceed PLN 300,000 for properties located in Warsaw, Cracow, Poznań, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Sopot or Gdynia 
and PLN 200,000 for properties located elsewhere.  For more information on the valuation process please see 
"Mortgage lending value". 
The role of the Cover Pool Monitor 
The Polish Covered Bonds Act governs the appointment and the responsibilities of the Cover Pool Monitor 
and the Deputy Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor monitors whether: 
 
there is appropriate coverage for the outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the mortgage lending value of the property was established in accordance with rules of establishing 
the mortgage lending value of the property adopted by the mortgage bank; 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the required overcollateralisation level and liquidity buffer; 
 
the results of the liquidity test and the coverage test confirm that the claims of the holders of the 
covered bonds can be satisfied in full; 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the cover pool register in accordance with the applicable regulations; 
and 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the appropriate cover pool and makes the required entries in the cover 
pool register. 
The Cover Pool Monitor must notify the KNF if it identifies any non-compliance by the mortgage bank with 
the applicable regulations or if the result of the coverage test or the liquidity test is negative.  On a monthly 
basis, the Cover Pool Monitor must provide the KNF with a copy of the cover pool register for the preceding 
month countersigned by the Cover Pool Monitor. 
There must be one Cover Pool Monitor and at least one Deputy Cover Pool Monitor at a mortgage bank.  
Additional Deputy Cover Pool Monitors may be appointed if it is required due to the scale of the mortgage 
bank's operations.  The Cover Pool Monitors and the Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are individuals who are 
citizens of an EU member state, have a university degree and can guarantee the proper performance of their 
obligations. 
The Cover Pool Monitor and the Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are appointed by the KNF, upon application 
from the mortgage bank's supervisory board, for a six-year term and may be appointed for one additional 
term. 
The Cover Pool Monitor and Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are independent from the mortgage bank and the 
audit firm reviewing the mortgage bank's financial statements in performing their duties. 
Monitoring the Cover Pool 
The mortgage bank conducts the collateralisation review (rachunek zabezpieczeń).  The mortgage bank 
monitors daily the satisfaction of the overcollateralisation requirements and verifies whether the mortgage 
bank's interest income from assets in the cover pool is not lower than interest payable under the outstanding

--- Page 109 ---
102 
 
 
covered bonds.  Additionally, each mortgage bank has to perform two periodic tests: the coverage test and the 
liquidity test. 
The coverage test verifies whether the value of the assets in the cover pool allows for full satisfaction of all 
claims under the outstanding covered bonds.  Under the decree of the Minister of Finance dated 21 June 2022, 
a mortgage bank should perform the coverage test using the following formula: 
core assets + substitute assets + hedging instruments + liquidity buffer 
principal amount of outstanding covered bonds + costs of liquidating bankruptcy asset pool + costs of 
liquidating the separate bankruptcy estate + due and unpaid interest 
 
The purpose of the liquidity test is to verify that the value of the assets in the cover pool is sufficient for full 
satisfaction of all claims under the outstanding covered bonds even if the maturity of the covered bonds is 
extended in bankruptcy proceedings.  Under the decree of the Minister of Finance, a mortgage bank should 
perform the liquidity test for a 180 days period and a 12-month period.   
The liquidity test for the 180 days period is conducted using the following formula: 
(Substitute assets + liquidity buffer + net proceeds under hedging instruments for the next 180 days) ‒  
(Interest payable in the next 180 days + 
principal amount of covered bonds that fall due in the next 180 days + estimated costs of managing the 
programme for the next 180 days if the programme is being wound up + 
cost for the next 180 days of liquidating the separate bankruptcy asset pool) 
The liquidity test for the 12-month period is conducted using the following formula: 
(Substitute assets + liquidity buffer + net proceeds under hedging instruments for the next 12 months + 
interest under receivables in the cover pool for the next 12 months + 
repayment of principal of receivables in the cover pool for the next 12 months) ‒ 
(Interest payable in the next 12 months + 
principal amount of covered bonds that fall due in the next 12 months + 
obligations towards holders that became due but were not paid before the date of declaration of bankruptcy + 
estimated costs of managing the programme for the next 12 months if the programme is being wound up + 
costs for the next 12 months of liquidating bankruptcy asset pool) 
The liquidity test should be performed by taking into account interest and principal amount payable in respect 
of covered bonds: (i) in the next 180 days; and (ii) in the next 12 months. 
In conducting the tests, the mortgage bank should take into account foreign exchange and interest rate 
differences if such differences were not hedged with appropriate hedging transactions.  The tests are 
conducted by reference to the market conditions as at the day of the test and by reference to adverse market 
conditions. 
The liquidity test must be performed at least every three months and the coverage test must be performed 
every six months.  The test results are positive if they demonstrate that as at the date of conducting the tests, 
the assets entered in the cover pool register were sufficient to satisfy the claims of holders of the covered 
bonds in full.  The test results are verified by the Cover Pool Monitor.  If the result of any test is negative, the 
Cover Pool Monitor must notify the KNF.

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
 
BANKRUPTCY AND INSOLVENCY 
Recovery plan 
If a mortgage bank is in breach of the capital adequacy requirements, there is a threat that a mortgage bank 
might breach the capital adequacy requirements, the financial position of the mortgage bank deteriorated 
materially, the mortgage bank demonstrates a loss, there is a threat that the mortgage bank may demonstrate a 
loss, there is a risk that the mortgage bank may become insolvent or illiquid, the leverage ratio is increasing, 
the value of non-performing loans or the concentration of exposure is increasing, the mortgage bank should 
notify the KNF and the BFG and implement a recovery plan (plan naprawy). 
The KNF may: 
 
request the mortgage bank to implement the recovery plan; 
 
order the mortgage bank to stop granting loans to the bank's shareholders, the members of the bank's 
management board and supervisory board, and the bank's employees; 
 
request the mortgage bank to decrease certain variable elements of the remuneration of individuals 
holding managerial positions in the mortgage bank or to suspend payment of these variable elements; 
 
request the mortgage bank's management board to convene a general meeting of the shareholders to 
ascertain the situation of the mortgage bank, adopt a decision on covering the balance sheet loss and 
take other decisions, including a decision on increasing the mortgage bank's own funds; 
 
request the mortgage bank to dismiss a person holding a managerial position at the mortgage bank; 
 
order the mortgage bank to prepare and implement a restructuring plan (plan restrukturyzacji); 
 
request the mortgage bank to amend its business strategy; or 
 
request the bank to amend its constitutional documents or the organisational structure. 
The KNF may also appoint a trustee (kurator) to oversee the execution of the recovery plan.  The trustee may 
participate in the meetings of the mortgage bank's governing bodies and has access to all information 
necessary to perform his duties.  The trustee may also file with the relevant court an objection against the 
decisions of the mortgage bank's management board and supervisory board. 
If the measures ordered by the KNF are insufficient or the implementation of the recovery plan is insufficient 
to remedy the situation of the bank, the KNF may decide to appoint a receiver (zarząd komisaryczny).  The 
receiver replaces the management board and the supervisory board and takes over the management of the 
mortgage bank.  The receiver prepares a recovery plan and, after agreeing the plan with the KNF, executes it. 
Liquidation 
If, after six months from convening an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders referred to in 
"Recovery plan" above, the loss of the mortgage bank exceeds half of the mortgage bank's own funds, the 
KNF may revoke the bank's banking licence and order its liquidation. 
The liquidation of a bank is conducted by a liquidator (likwidator) appointed by the KNF.  Upon the 
liquidator's appointment, the management board of the bank is dismissed and the supervisory board is 
suspended.  The liquidator takes over the management of the bank and represents the bank in all matters.  The 
purpose of the liquidation proceedings is to collect the bank's outstanding claims, liquidate its assets and 
terminate the bank's operations.  The claims of the holders of the covered bonds and the counterparties to 
eligible hedging are satisfied from the assets in the cover pool ahead of claims of other creditors of the 
mortgage bank.  The claims of the bank's shareholders are satisfied after the satisfaction of the claims of the 
other creditors of the bank.  Once the liquidator completes the liquidation, the liquidator files a report with the 
KNF and applies to the court maintaining the register of entrepreneurs (rejestr przedsiębiorców) to delete the 
bank from the register of entrepreneurs.  The bank ceases to exist on the day it is deleted from the register of 
entrepreneurs.

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
 
Resolution 
The Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms was implemented in Poland by the Resolution Act which 
entered into force on 9 October 2016. 
Under the Resolution Act, the BFG became the applicable resolution authority and was granted broad powers 
with respect to the Polish banks and other financial institutions (a Resolution Entity).  The BFG can either 
initiate compulsory restructuring proceedings concerning a Resolution Entity or decide to apply the bail-in 
tools concerning its capital instruments if (i) the threat of that Resolution Entity's insolvency cannot be ruled 
out by steps taken by it or its supervisory authorities, or (ii) initiating such BFG's actions are in the public 
interest. 
BFG can apply the following resolution tools with respect to the Resolution Entity: 
 
sale of business; 
 
bridge institution; 
 
asset separation; and 
 
bail-in (i.e. compulsory write-down or conversion of Resolution Entity's obligations). 
The above tools may be applied separately or in any combination save that asset separation can only be 
applied in conjunction with another resolution tool. 
In addition to the resolution tools, the Resolution Act grants certain resolution powers to BFG, including: 
 
the right to suspend the termination rights of a party to an agreement with the Resolution Entity until 
midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication notice of that suspension 
occurs; 
 
the right to suspend the termination rights of a party to an agreement with a subsidiary of the 
Resolution Entity until midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication 
notice of that suspension occurs, provided that certain conditions are met; 
 
the right to suspend the performance of any due obligations of the Resolution Entity under an 
agreement until midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication notice of 
that suspension occurs; and 
 
the right to suspend the rights of a secured creditor to enforce a security interest concerning any assets 
of the Resolution Entity until midnight on the business day following the date on which the 
publication notice of that suspension occurs. 
The above suspension rules do not apply to certain types of claims specified in detail in the Resolution Act 
If the BFG decides that a mortgage bank's liabilities under covered bonds should be transferred to another 
entity, this transfer should not limit the rights of the holders of covered bonds or affect the collateralisation of 
covered bonds.  Furthermore, the obligations of mortgage banks under covered bonds and hedging 
instruments entered into the cover pool register may be subject to a compulsory write-down or conversion 
only to the extent the value of the cover pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims under covered bonds issued 
by the Bank. 
A party to an agreement with the Resolution Entity cannot terminate that agreement due to BFG's declaration 
of the initiation of the Resolution Proceedings or due to BFG's performance of its rights within the resolution 
proceedings, assuming that all the principal obligations under that agreement to make payments or deliveries 
or provide collateral continue to be performed by the applicable Resolution Entity. 
Bankruptcy 
General 
If, according to the balance sheet prepared as at the last day of the relevant reporting period, the assets of the 
bank are not sufficient to satisfy the bank's obligations, the management board, the receiver or the liquidator

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
 
must promptly notify the KNF.  The KNF will take a decision on whether to suspend the bank's operations 
and appoint a receiver if a receiver was not previously appointed and will file a petition to the relevant court 
for the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings.  The KNF will also suspend the bank's operations and 
appoint a receiver and will file a petition for the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings if, for reasons 
directly connected with the financial situation of the bank, the bank fails to satisfy its obligations to pay the 
guaranteed funds specified in Article 2 item 68 of the Resolution Act. 
KNF is not permitted to file a petition to the relevant court for the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings 
if BFG has commenced resolution in respect of the bank.  However, under the Resolution Act, the BFG is also 
authorised to file a motion to declare a mortgage bank bankrupt if in the course of compulsory restructuring 
the application of certain resolution tools, i.e. sale of business, bridge institution, and/or asset separation did 
not result in the sale of the bank subject to the proceedings and according to the balance sheet prepared as at 
the last day of the relevant reporting period, the assets of the bank are not sufficient to satisfy the bank's 
obligations. 
Before declaring a bank's bankruptcy, the bankruptcy court will question a representative of the KNF, the 
members of the bank's management board and receiver, and the liquidator regarding the grounds for declaring 
the bank bankrupt and the candidates for the bankruptcy receiver (syndyk). 
On the day the bank is declared bankrupt, the management and supervisory bodies of the bank are dissolved.  
The receivership and the appointment of the liquidator expire.  Additionally, the rights of the members of the 
bank's corporate bodies to receive severance payments and remuneration for the period after the declaration of 
bankruptcy expires. 
Additionally, on the day the bank is declared bankrupt: 
 
bank account agreements are terminated and interest on deposits is calculated until the date of 
declaration of bankruptcy; and 
 
loan agreements are terminated if the funds were not disbursed prior to the date of declaration of 
bankruptcy. 
Position of holders of covered bonds 
On the declaration of a mortgage bank's bankruptcy, the following assets will constitute a separate bankruptcy 
asset pool: 
 
the assets in the cover pool, including the rights under the hedging arrangements which comply with 
the requirements described in "Overview of the Polish covered bonds legislation – Composition of the 
cover pool – Derivatives"; 
 
the assets in the liquidity buffer; 
 
proceeds from payments under receivables in the cover pool; and 
 
assets acquired by the mortgage bank in exchange for assets in the cover pool. 
If there is doubt whether a mortgage bank's asset should be included in the separate bankruptcy asset pool, for 
the purpose of the bankruptcy proceedings, it is included in the bankruptcy estate up to its value indicated in 
the cover pool register. 
If there is any surplus left in the separate bankruptcy asset pool after satisfying the claims of the holders of the 
covered bonds, it is added to the general bankruptcy estate of the mortgage bank. 
In principle, the mortgage bank's creditors cannot set-off their claims against the mortgage bank with the 
mortgage bank's claims against these creditors included in the separate bankruptcy asset pool.  The only 
exceptions are: 
 
set-off of claims under hedging transactions indicated in the cover pool register; and 
 
settlement of claims between the mortgage bank and the payment and settlement system of which the 
mortgage bank is a member as well as settlement of financial collateral granted by the mortgage bank.

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
 
The rules concerning satisfaction of claims of the holders of covered bonds on a mortgage bank's bankruptcy 
also apply to satisfaction of claims of counterparties to hedging transactions entered into by the mortgage 
bank which are entered in the cover pool register. 
The bankruptcy court will appoint, upon consultation with the KNF, a trustee (kurator) who will represent the 
holders of the covered bonds in the bankruptcy proceedings.  The holders of the covered bonds may also 
participate in the bankruptcy proceedings after receiving consent from the judge-commissioner (sędzia 
komisarz) conducting the proceedings. 
The bankruptcy court will also appoint a bankruptcy receiver.  The bankruptcy receiver takes over the 
management of the mortgage bank's assets from the bank's management and should liquidate the bankrupt 
bank's assets.  From his appointment, the bankruptcy receiver acts in his own name, but on behalf of the 
bankrupt bank. 
Within 21 days from the day of declaration of the mortgage bank's bankruptcy, the trustee will report to the 
bankruptcy estate: 
 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds which became due before the date of 
declaration of bankruptcy; 
 
the aggregate amount of all interest outstanding under the covered bonds; and 
 
the aggregate principal amount all outstanding covered bonds due after the date of declaration of 
bankruptcy, interest due after the date of declaration of bankruptcy and any applicable premiums. 
On the date of declaration of bankruptcy, the maturity of all outstanding covered bonds is extended by 12 
months.  The obligations towards holders of the covered bonds which became due before the declaration of 
bankruptcy and which were not paid are satisfied within 12 months from the date of the declaration of 
bankruptcy, but no earlier than the day falling after the results of the coverage test and the liquidity test are 
announced.  Due interest under the covered bonds is paid in the manner set out in the terms and conditions of 
the covered bonds. 
Within three months from the date the bank was declared bankrupt, the bankruptcy receiver is required to 
conduct the coverage test and the liquidity test (for a detailed description of the tests, please see "Overview of 
the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation – Monitoring the Cover ").  The results of the tests are positive if the 
separate bankruptcy asset pool is sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of all outstanding covered 
bonds.  The test results are published by the judge-commissioner. 
If the results of both tests are positive, the claims under the covered bonds are satisfied in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds, taking into account the extension of maturity of the covered bonds 
by 12 months.  In this scenario the receiver may enter into hedging transactions. 
Within two months from the date the test results are announced, a meeting of holders of the covered bonds 
may request the receiver, by way of resolution adopted with a majority of two-thirds of votes of holders of the 
outstanding covered bonds, to sell all receivables and rights in the separate bankruptcy asset pool: 
 
to another mortgage bank together with transferring to the purchaser all obligations of the bankrupt 
bank under the covered bonds; or 
 
to another bank or another mortgage bank without transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the 
bankrupt bank under the covered bonds. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may be convened if a request for convening the meeting is 
made within a month from the date the test results are announced.  If this resolution is adopted, interest under 
the covered bonds until the date of sale of the assets is paid from the assets in the separate bankruptcy asset 
pool.   
If the proceeds from the sale of assets in the separate bankruptcy asset pool reduced by the interest under the 
outstanding covered bonds payable in the next six months and the amount of claims of holders of the covered 
bonds which became due before the date of declaration of bankruptcy and which were not paid before that 
date, are at least five per cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds, the claims of the 
holders of the covered bonds may be satisfied pro rata before the extended maturity date.  These proceeds will

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
 
be paid to the holders of the covered bonds on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than 14 days after 
the day on which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress of the 
bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and binding. 
If the results of the coverage test are positive and the results of the liquidity test are negative, the maturity date 
of the covered bonds, including the covered bonds which became due before the date of declaration of 
bankruptcy, is extended to the date falling three years after the latest maturity date of a mortgage bank's 
receivables in the cover pool.  If there is an excess in proceeds under the loans received by the bank, after 
deducting interest payable in the next six months and the costs of bankruptcy proceedings of at least 5 per 
cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds, the holders of the covered bonds shall receive 
payments under the covered bonds before the extended maturity date.  These payments will be made pro rata 
on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than: (i) two months after the date on which the bankruptcy 
receiver submitted its report on the progress of the of the bankruptcy proceedings; or (ii) 14 days after the day 
on which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress of the 
bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and binding. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may, within three months from the date of announcing the 
results of the tests, adopt a resolution on disapplying the extension of the maturity date or on the sale of the 
assets in the cover pool.  The assets in the cover pool may be sold to another bank which is not a mortgage 
bank without transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the bankrupt bank under the covered bonds.  The 
assets in the cover pool, possession of which is not restricted to banks, may also be sold to an entity which is 
not a bank. 
If the results of the coverage test are negative, the maturity date of the covered bonds, including the covered 
bonds which became due before the date of declaration of bankruptcy, is extended to the date falling three 
years after the latest maturity date of a mortgage bank's receivable in the cover pool.  If there is an excess in 
proceeds under the loans received by the bank, after deducting interest payable in the next six months and the 
costs of bankruptcy proceedings, of at least 5 per cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding covered 
bonds, the holders of the covered bonds shall receive payments under the covered bonds before the extended 
maturity date.  These payments will be made on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than 14 days 
after the day on which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress 
of the bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and binding. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may, however, adopt a resolution on disapplication of the 
extension of the maturity date or on sale of the assets in the cover pool.  The assets in the cover pool may be 
sold to another bank which is not a mortgage bank without transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the 
bankrupt bank under the covered bonds.  The assets in the cover pool, possession of which is not restricted to 
banks, may also be sold to an entity which is not a bank. 
The order of priority of satisfaction of claims from the separate bankruptcy asset pool is as follows: 
 
costs of liquidating the separate bankruptcy asset pool which include the trustee's fee, interest and 
other ancillary payments under the covered bonds; and 
 
the outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds. 
If the separate bankruptcy asset pool is not sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of the covered bonds, 
these claims will be satisfied from the general bankruptcy estate.  The funds from the general bankruptcy 
estate designated for satisfying the claims of the holders of the covered bonds will be transferred to the 
separate bankruptcy asset pool.

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in Poland or 
which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation.  This statement should not be deemed to be tax advice.  It is 
based on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this prospectus, it 
may thus be subject to change including a change with retroactive effect.  Any change may negatively affect 
tax treatment, as described below.  This description does not purport to be complete with respect to all tax 
information that may be relevant to investors due to their personal circumstances.  Prospective purchasers of 
the Covered Bonds are advised to consult their professional tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the 
purchase, ownership, disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration of the Covered Bonds.  The 
information provided below does not cover tax consequences concerning income tax exemptions applicable to 
specific taxable items or specific taxpayers (e.g. domestic or foreign investment funds). 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any 
other term as understood in Polish tax law. 
(a) 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident private investor (natural person) 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July (the PIT Act), natural persons, if 
residing in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the 
location of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has their 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 
days in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(i) 
Income from capital investments other than interest 
Income other than interest derived by a Polish tax resident individual from debt financial 
instruments held as non-business assets, including income from a transfer of securities for 
consideration, qualify as capital income according to Art. 17 of PIT Act.  This income does 
not cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 
per cent. flat rate tax.  The costs of acquiring the Covered Bonds are recognised at the time 
the revenue is achieved. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price 
expressed in the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates from the market value, 
the amount of income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control authority in the 
amount of the market value.  
In principle, this income should be settled by the taxpayer by 30 April of the year following 
the year in which the income was earned.  No tax or tax advances should be withheld by the 
person making the payments. 
Furthermore, capital gains are subject to a 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total.  The levy must be calculated and settled by 
the individuals themselves. 
(ii) 
Withholding tax on interest income 
Under Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income (discount) does not cumulate with general 
income subject to the progressive tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act it is subject to 
19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting 
within the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the 19 per cent. Polish tax upon

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
 
any interest payment.  Under the Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, tax on interest or discount on 
securities is withheld by entities keeping securities accounts for taxpayers, in their capacity as 
tax remitters, if the income (revenue) is earned in the territory of Poland and is associated 
with the securities registered in these accounts, and, further, if relevant payments are made to 
the taxpayers through those entities.  This principle also applies to remitters who are payers of 
corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they 
conduct their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's 
operations that the securities account is linked.   
There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned (revenue) by a Polish tax 
resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland.  However, it is expected 
those cases will be analogous to those of non-residents.  Pursuant to Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, 
income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in 
particular income (revenues) from: 
(A) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, 
employment relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship 
irrespective of the place where remuneration is paid; 
(B) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
(C) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(D) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
(E) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them; 
(F) 
redemption, repurchase, buy-out and otherwise annihilation of participation titles in 
capital funds established on the basis of the laws in force in the Republic of Poland 
and sale of these participation titles for a fee; 
(G) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character 
or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and 
obligations, participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of 
such company, partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or 
legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in 
the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(H) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(I) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, 
having their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
 
Republic of Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the 
agreement; and/or 
(J) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Covered Bonds is considered to be income sourced in 
Poland and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold 
the tax.  Since the Issuer is a Polish entity, as a rule interest from the Covered Bonds should 
be considered as earned in the territory of Poland. 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, in fact, foreign entities do not act as 
Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities operate by way of a branch 
that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland). 
Moreover, according to Art. 41.24.1 of the PIT Act, issuers are not obliged to collect tax on 
interest or discount on covered bonds, but such an obligation rests with technical remitters.  A 
more detailed description can be found in the section "Exemption for interest (discount) on 
Covered Bonds obtained by non-Polish tax residents and the remittance exemption" 
concerning income taxation". 
According to Article 45.3b of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged 
to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate rules apply to interest income on Covered Bonds held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, 
hereinafter Omnibus Accounts).  Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities 
registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts 
through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on 
interest income.  The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of 
the Omnibus Account holder. 
Pursuant to Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, a 19% flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under 
Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate 
income (revenue) released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account 
holder.   
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities in their annual tax return if the securities were registered in an 
Omnibus Account and the taxpayer's identity was not disclosed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid 
abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from 
the Polish tax liability.  Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
(iii) 
Covered Bonds held as business assets

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
 
If an individual holds the Covered Bonds as business assets, in principle, in accordance with 
art. 30b.1.3 of the PIT Act, income from a transfer of Covered Bonds for consideration should 
be subject to tax in the same way as other business income.  The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate 
or the 17 per cent. to 32 per cent. progressive tax rate depending on the choice and meeting of 
certain conditions, should be settled by the individuals themselves. 
Furthermore, business income is subject to 4 per cent. solidarity levy calculated on the surplus 
of various incomes above PLN 1 million in total. The levy must be calculated and settled 
individually, without the involvement of a tax remitter. 
(b) 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the CIT Act) the entire 
income of taxpayers who have their registered office or place of management in Poland is subject to 
tax obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
According to Art. 3.1a of the CIT Act, a taxpayer has a place of management in the territory of the 
Republic of Poland, inter alia, when the current affairs of this taxpayer are conducted in an organised 
and continuous manner in the territory of the Republic of Poland, based in particular on: 
(A) 
an agreement, decision, court ruling or other act regulating the establishment or functioning of 
the taxpayer; or 
(B) 
powers of attorney; or 
(C) 
the existence of capital or personal affiliations between the taxpayer and other entities. 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for 
a corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers i.e. taxpayers with revenues in 
the tax year not exceeding EUR 2 million (with certain exceptions listed in Art. 19.1a-1e of the CIT 
Act) taking into consideration the appropriate source of income (the lower rate does not apply to 
incomes classified as capital incomes – Art. 7b of the CIT Act). 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (both on any capital gains and on interest/discount) following the same principles as those 
which apply to any other income received from business activity within the same source of income.  
As a rule, for Polish income tax purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it 
is received and not when it has accrued.  In respect of capital gains, the cost of acquiring the Covered 
Bonds will be recognised at the time the revenue is achieved.  
Revenue from a transfer of securities for consideration is, in principle, their value expressed as the 
price specified in the contract.  If the price expressed in the contract, without a valid reason, 
significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is determined by the tax authority as 
an amount equivalent to the market value (Art. 14 of the CIT Act).  In the case of income from the 
transfer of securities for consideration, tax deductible costs are generally recognised when the 
corresponding revenue has been received.  The taxpayer (without the remitter's participation) settles 
income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities for consideration, which is settled 
along with other income from the taxpayer's business activity within the same source of income.  
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Covered Bonds, 
including their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 
7b.1 of the CIT Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), 
this revenue is included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.2) of the CIT 
Act).

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
 
Although Polish corporate income taxpayers should not be subject to Polish withholding tax, such tax 
may be withheld, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus 
Accounts, under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers 
holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been 
revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per 
cent. flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the 
benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish 
tax resident corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its 
tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax 
calculated in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax 
liability. Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(c) 
Covered Bonds held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporate income taxpayer) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax 
only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to taxation in Poland. 
Non-Polish tax residents who are natural persons or corporate income tax payers are subject to Polish 
income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland.  Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income 
(revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from:  
(A) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(B) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, including 
from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to such property; 
(C) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the Republic of 
Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those obtained from the 
disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights resulting from them; 
(D) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a partnership 
without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a collective investment 
undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character or from receivables being a 
consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, participation or rights, if at least 
50 per cent. of the value of assets of such company, partnership, investment fund, collective 
investment undertaking or legal entity is constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable 
properties located in the Republic of Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(E) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar rights in 
a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
(F) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by natural 
persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having their place of 
residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of Poland, irrespective of 
the place of concluding or performing the agreement; and/or 
(G) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations.

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act.  
It should be noted that the list of income (revenues) earned in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the 
CIT Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also 
be deemed to be earned in the Republic of Poland. 
Taking the above into account, each situation should be analysed to determine whether the interest 
accrued by a Polish tax resident on Covered Bonds is considered income in Poland. However, due to 
the fact that the Bank is a Polish entity and further to the above, in many cases interest on the Covered 
Bonds should be treated as earned on the territory of Poland. 
(d) 
Exemption for interest (discount) on Covered Bonds obtained by non-Polish tax residents and the 
remittance exemption 
Corporate income tax 
According to Art. 17.1.50a of the CIT Act, interest (discount) on covered bonds obtained by taxpayers 
referred to in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, ie non-Polish tax residents is tax exempt (the Special 
Exemption).   
Pursuant to Art. 26.1aa.1.1 of the CIT Act, tax remitters are not obliged to collect tax on interest 
(discount) on covered bonds (the Remittance Exemption). 
Personal income tax 
Similar provisions apply to personal income tax.  Art. 21.1.130a of the PIT Act introduces a Special 
Exemption, according to which interest (discount) on covered bonds obtained by natural persons 
referred to in Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, i.e. non-Polish tax residents, is tax exempt.  However, Art. 
41.24. 1 of the PIT Act, introduces only a limited Remittance Exemption, according to which issuers 
are not obliged to collect tax on interest or discount on covered bonds, but tax remitters who are 
entities maintaining securities accounts and Omnibus Accounts are obliged to collect withholding tax 
on income (revenue) obtained by a natural person who is a tax resident in Poland.  The tax remitters 
include entities that are Polish tax residents, as well as entities that are not Polish tax residents, but 
conduct business activities through a foreign establishment located in Poland, if the account in which 
the securities are recorded is related to the activities of this establishment (Art. 41.1. 4d and Art.41.10 
of the PIT Act). 
It should be noted that in accordance with Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, in the scope of income 
(revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers who have rights from securities registered in the 
Omnibus Account, whose identity has not been disclosed to the payer in accordance with the Act on 
Trading in Financial Instruments, the payer collects a 19 per cent. flat-rate tax on the aggregate 
income (revenue) paid to all such taxpayers by the holder of the Omnibus Account. Therefore, if 
entities maintaining Omnibus Accounts acting as tax remitters are unable to identify the taxpayer (i.e. 
whether the taxpayer is a legal person or a natural person who is not a Polish tax resident, from whom 
no withholding tax should be levied), they may withhold tax at the full 19 per cent. rate on income 
from Covered Bonds that would otherwise qualify for the Special Exemption. 
(e) 
Tax on civil law transactions 
Neither an issuance of the Covered Bonds, nor a redemption of the Covered Bonds is subject to tax on 
civil law transactions. 
In light of Art. 1.1.1.a of the Tax on Civil Law Transactions Act dated 9 September 2000 (the PCC 
Act), agreements for sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
 
transactions.  The Covered Bonds should be considered as representing proprietary rights.  
Transactions are taxable if their subjects are: 
(i) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
(ii) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of 
residence or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out 
in Poland. 
As a rule, covered bonds issued by an entity with its registered office in Poland are considered 
proprietary rights exercised in Poland and therefore are subject to tax on civil law transactions in the 
amount of 1%, regardless of the place of conclusion of the transaction and the jurisdiction of the 
parties to the contract. The taxable base is the market value of the asset or proprietary right (Art. 6.1.1 
of the PCC Act).  
In the case of a sale agreement, the tax liability lies with the buyer (in the case of an exchange 
agreement, on both sides of the contract liable jointly and severally) and, as a rule, arises upon the 
conclusion of this agreement (Art 3.1.1. of the PCC Act). Taxpayers are required, without the request 
of the tax authority, to submit a tax return on civil law transactions as well as calculate and pay the tax 
within 14 days from the date of the creation of the tax liability (i.e. from the date of concluding the 
sale/exchange agreement). If such agreement has been entered into in notarial form, the tax due 
should be withheld and paid by the notary public.   
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, an exemption applies to the sale of property rights 
constituting financial instruments (such as the Covered Bonds):  
(i) 
to investment companies and foreign investment companies;  
(ii) 
via investment companies or foreign investment companies; 
(iii) 
as part of organised trading; 
(iv) 
outside organised trading by investment companies and foreign investment companies, if 
those rights were acquired by those companies under organised trading; 
(v) 
to state-owned banks conducting brokerage activities; 
(vi) 
made through state-owned banks conducting brokerage activities; or 
(vii) 
made outside organized trading by state-owned banks conducting brokerage activities, if these 
rights were acquired by these banks as part of organized trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
Moreover, in accordance with Art. 1a.5 and 1a.7 in connection with Art. 2.4 of the PCC Act, the PCC 
exemption applies to sale or exchange agreements concerning the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
to the extent that they are taxed with the VAT in Poland or in another EU Member State or 
EEA; or 
(ii) 
when at least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT in Poland or in another 
EU Member State or EEA on account of that particular transaction.

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
 
(f) 
Remitter's liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated 29 August 1997, a tax remitter failing to fulfil its duty to 
calculate, withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not been withheld 
or that has been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets.  The tax remitter is not liable if 
the specific provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the taxpayer's fault. In 
such a case, the relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the taxpayer's liability.

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the provisions of the amended and restated programme agreement dated 20 August 2024 (the 
Programme Agreement) between the Bank, ING NV and ING BSK (together with any further financial 
institution appointed as a dealer under the Programme Agreement, the Dealers), the Covered Bonds may be 
sold by the Bank to the Dealers, who shall act as principals in relation to such sales.  However, the Bank has 
reserved the right to issue Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to subscribers who are not Dealers and 
which agree to be bound by the restrictions set out below.  The Programme Agreement also provides for 
Covered Bonds to be issued in Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers 
or such subscribers. 
The Bank has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale 
of the Covered Bonds.  The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them 
by the Bank or, in relation to itself and the Bank only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten 
business days' notice. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as 
amended (the Securities Act), or the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and 
may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except 
certain transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act.   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered nor sold the Covered Bonds of any identifiable 
Tranche, and will not offer nor sell the Covered Bonds of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their 
distribution at any time nor (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such tranche 
within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with 
Regulation S of the Securities Act.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, its 
affiliates nor any persons acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling 
efforts with respect to the Covered Bonds, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering 
restrictions requirement of Regulation S.  Each Dealer agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of 
Covered Bonds, it will have sent to each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or 
other remuneration that purchases Covered Bonds from it during the restricted period a confirmation or notice 
to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities 
Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered and 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of this tranche of Securities, 
except in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Terms used above have the 
meanings given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Covered Bonds within the United States of 
America, except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Bank. 
Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or 
delivered within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions 
permitted by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. 
Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Covered Bonds, other than Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in 
accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or substantially 
identical provisions (the D Rules), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 
1.163-5 (c)(2)(i)(C) or substantially identical provisions (the C Rules), as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 124 ---
117 
 
 
In addition, in respect of Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that: 
(a) 
to the extent permitted under the D Rules, it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period 
will not offer or sell, Covered Bonds in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to 
ensure that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Covered Bonds in bearer form 
are aware that such Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person 
who is within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by 
the D Rules; 
(c) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Covered Bonds in 
bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Covered Bonds in bearer form for its own account, it will do so only in accordance with the 
requirements of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or substantially identical 
provisions; and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Covered Bonds in bearer form from such Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Covered Bonds during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) 
has repeated and confirmed the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and 
(c) on such affiliate's behalf or (ii) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of 
the Bank the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c). 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds in bearer 
form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Further, each 
Dealer has represented and agreed in connection with the original issuance of Covered Bonds in bearer form, 
that it has not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if 
either such Dealer or purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its 
U.S. office in the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in bearer form.  Terms used in this paragraph have the 
meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
The Bank may agree with one or more Dealers for such Dealers to arrange for the sale of Covered Bonds 
under procedures and restrictions designed to allow such sales to be exempt from the registration requirements 
of the Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each 
jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes 
the Base Prospectus or any other offering material. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or

--- Page 125 ---
118 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus 
Regulation); and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public 
in that Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member 
State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Bank for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Bank or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds in any 
Member State means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on 
the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to 
purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not

--- Page 126 ---
119 
 
 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to 
the public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK 
Prospectus Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in 
Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior 
consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Bank for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Bank or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell 
any Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their 
businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would 
otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Bank; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 127 ---
120 
 
 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and 
(d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Japan 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Financial Instruments and Exchange 
Act of Japan (Act No. 25 of 1948, as amended; the FIEA) and each Dealer has represented and agreed, and 
each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it will not 
offer or sell any Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or for the benefit of, any resident of 
Japan (as defined under Item 5, Paragraph 1, Article 6 of the Foreign Exchange and Foreign Trade Act (Act 
No. 228 of 1949, as amended)), or to others for re-offering or resale, directly or indirectly, in Japan or to, or 
for the benefit of, a resident of Japan, except pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of, 
and otherwise in compliance with, the FIEA and any other applicable laws, regulations and ministerial 
guidelines of Japan. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further 
Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered 
Bonds may not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of 
Article I.1, 2 of the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) 
and that it has not offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or 
deliver, the Covered Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, 
memorandum, information circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, 
directly or indirectly, to any Belgian Consumer. 
Poland 
The Covered Bonds will be offered in Poland in a manner which will not require publication of a prospectus 
or an information memorandum drawn up in accordance with EU Prospectus Regulation and the Act on 
Public Offering, Conditions Governing the Introduction of Financial Instruments to Organised Trading, and 
Public Companies dated 29 July 2005. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed that 
it will comply with all relevant laws and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells, or 
delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus or any other offering 
material and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it 
of the Covered Bonds under the laws and directives in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in 
which it makes such purchases, offers or sales, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Bank nor any 
other Dealer shall have responsibility therefor. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Bank and the Dealers, inter alia, following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Covered Bonds to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 128 ---
121 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
No governmental consents, approvals or authorisations in Poland in connection with the issue of the Covered 
Bonds and the performance by the Bank of its obligations under the Covered Bonds will be required to be 
complied with. 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by 
the resolution of the Supervisory Board of the Bank No. 23/4/2019 dated 9 May 2019.  The issuance of each 
Series of the Covered Bonds will be authorised by a separate resolution of the Management Board of the 
Bank. 
Listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
Application may be made to list Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Warsaw Stock Exchange and to admit to trading the Covered Bonds 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and/or on the 
Regulated Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A.).  
Each of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's Regulated 
Market is a regulated market for the purposes of the Market and Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU.  
The Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed on further stock exchanges, as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.  Covered Bonds may further be issued under the Programme without being listed on any stock 
exchange. 
Covered Bonds which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another stock 
exchange or market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Covered Bonds listed or 
admitted to trading on another stock exchange or market, if the Bank ensures that all laws and regulations are 
complied with including, among others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent authorities 
and other requirements under the Prospectus Regulation.   
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or 
admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.   
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents 
will, when published, be available for inspection on the Bank's website (www.inghipoteczny.pl): 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with English translations thereof) of the Bank; and 
(b) 
any future base prospectuses, offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements 
and Final Terms prepared by the Bank. 
In addition, for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of this Base Prospectus and of 
any document containing the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the Bank's website: www.inghipoteczny.pl. 
The content on the websites available via hyperlinks included in this Base Prospectus does not form a part of 
this Base Prospectus with the exception of hyperlinks to the electronic addresses where information 
incorporated by reference is available. Hyperlinks used for information incorporated by reference in this Base 
Prospectus will be functional for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the alphabetical code of each 
Series of Covered Bonds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 129 ---
122 
 
 
If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
Euroclear's address is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
address is 42, avenue Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank 
and each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 2023 nor has 
there been any significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Issuer since 30 June 
2024. 
Litigation 
The Bank is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to 
claims or amounts that are material in the context of the issue of the Covered Bonds (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial 
position or profitability of the Bank. 
Auditors 
The Bank's financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2022 prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union have been audited by Michał 
Tomczyk, certified auditor, member of the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych 
Rewidentów), licence no. 13503, acting on behalf of BDO spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
(BDO), an audit firm entered on the list kept by the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors under no. 3355 and 
BDO rendered an unqualified audit report on such financial statements of the Bank. 
The Bank's financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2023 prepared in accordance with 
International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union have been audited by 
Małgorzata Pek, certified auditor, member of the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors (Polska Izba Biegłych 
Rewidentów), licence no. 13070, acting on behalf of Mazars Audyt sp. z o.o., an audit firm entered on the list 
kept by the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors under no. 186 and Mazars Audyt sp. z o.o. rendered an 
unqualified audit report on such financial statements of the Bank. 
On 20 December 2023, the Bank and BDO agreed to terminate the agreement under which BDO provided 
audit services to the Bank.  The reason for the termination was the fact that a company from the network to 
which BDO belongs provided services to ING Bank N.V., Sydney Branch, which could be treated as 
prohibited services under the Regulation (EU) No. 537/2014 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 
16 April 2014 on specific requirements regarding statutory audit of public-interest entities and repealing 
Commission Decision 2005/909/EC.  This created a risk that the audit of the Bank's financial statements for 
2023 conducted by BDO could be deemed invalid. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity 
as at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Arranger and/or Dealers transacting with the Bank  
The Arranger, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Bank and its affiliates

--- Page 130 ---
123 
 
 
in the ordinary course of business.  Except as discussed in the applicable Final Terms, the Arranger, certain 
Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Bank and its affiliates.  In addition, 
the Arranger, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Bank and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the certain 
Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade 
debt and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for 
their own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may 
involve securities and/or instruments of the Bank or the Bank's affiliates.  The Arranger, the certain Dealers or 
their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Bank 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, the Arranger, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of 
credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered 
Bonds issued under the Programme.  The Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or 
financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in 
such securities and instruments. 
Post-issuance information 
In connection with the issuance of mortgage covered bonds by the Bank and in accordance with Article 129 
section 7 of the CRR, the Bank publishes regular disclosure reports (raporty ujawnień) detailing the Bank's 
issuances of the mortgage covered bonds and cover pool register.  The abovementioned disclosure reports 
(raporty ujawnień) are published on the Bank's website www.inghipoteczny.pl.  
Label 
The Covered Bonds constitute "European Covered Bonds" (europejskie listy zastawne, or europejskie 
obligacje zabezpieczone) within the meaning of Article 27(1) of the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the 
European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue of covered bonds and covered 
bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU.  If the Covered Bonds 
comply with the requirements set out in Article 129 of the CRR, they may be labelled as a "European Covered 
Bonds (Premium)" (europejskie listy zastawne (premium), or europejskie obligacje zabezpieczone (premium)) 
in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 131 ---
0127724-0000007 EUO1: 2011697593.7 
124 
 
 
BANK 
 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna 
ul. Chorzowska 50 
40-101 Katowice 
Poland 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
ING Bank Śląski S.A. 
Foppingadreef 7 
ul. Sokolska 34 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
40-086 Katowice 
Netherlands 
Poland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
21 Moorfields 
London EC2Y 9DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE BANK 
 
as to Polish law 
as to English law 
Allen Overy Shearman Sterling,  
A. Pędzich sp. k. 
Allen Overy  
Shearman Sterling LLP 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
One Bishops Square 
00-844 Warsaw 
E1 6AD London 
Poland 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
 
Mazars Audyt sp. z o.o. 
ul. Piękna 18 
00-549 Warsaw 
Poland