--- Page 1 ---
ING Bank Hipoteczny S.A. 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna 
(incorporated as a joint-stock company under the laws of the Republic of Poland) 
EUR 5,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of the Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) 
Under this EUR 5,000,000,000 Programme (the Programme), ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna, with its registered offices at ul. Chorzowska 50, 
40-101 Katowice, Poland (the Bank) may from time to time issue mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) denominated in any currency 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer (as defined below) (the Covered Bonds).  The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form. 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Covered Bonds from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed EUR 5,000,000,000 
(or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as described in the Programme Agreement), subject to increase as described herein.   
The Covered Bonds may be issued on a continuing basis to one or more of the Dealers specified under "General Description of the Programme" and to 
any additional Dealer appointed under the Programme from time to time by the Bank (each a Dealer and together the Dealers), which appointment may 
be for a specific issue or on an ongoing basis.  References in this Base Prospectus to the relevant Dealer shall, in the case of an issue of Covered Bonds 
being (or intended to be) subscribed by more than one Dealer, be to all Dealers agreeing to subscribe such Covered Bonds. 
An investment in the Covered Bonds involves certain risks.  For a discussion of these risks, see "Risk Factors". 
This Base Prospectus has been approved as a base prospectus by the Commission de Surveillance du Secteur Financier (the CSSF) as competent authority 
(the Competent Authority) under the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation).  The Competent Authority has only approved this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the Prospectus Regulation and such approval should 
not be considered as an endorsement of the Bank.  The Competent Authority's approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the quality of the 
Covered Bonds and investors in the Covered Bonds should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in the Covered Bonds.   
By approving the Base Prospectus, the CSSF gives no undertaking as to economic and financial soundness of the transactions contemplated by this Base 
Prospectus or the quality or solvency of the Bank in line with the provisions of Article 6(4) of the Luxembourg Law on Prospectuses for securities.  
Application has been made to the Luxembourg Stock Exchange for Covered Bonds issued under the Programme to be admitted to trading on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and to be listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange.  Application will be made to 
list the Covered Bonds on Warsaw Stock Exchange and to trade the Covered Bonds on the regulated market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange.  The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on such other or further stock exchange(s) or markets 
as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer.  The Bank may also issue unlisted Covered Bonds and/or Covered Bonds not admitted to 
trading on any market. 
References in this Base Prospectus to Covered Bonds being listed (and all related references) shall mean that such Covered Bonds have been admitted to 
trading on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated market and have been admitted to the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange or that 
such Covered Bonds have been admitted to trading on the Warsaw Stock Exchange's regulated market.  The Luxembourg Stock Exchange's regulated 
market and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's regulated market are regulated markets for the purposes of the Markets in Financial Instruments Directive 
(Directive 2014/65/EU). 
In order to be able to conduct a listing in relation to certain issuances of Covered Bonds and/or to list certain Covered Bonds on the regulated market of 
the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the Bank applied for a notification of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation into the 
Republic of Poland (Poland).  The Bank may request the CSSF to provide competent authorities in additional host Member States within the European 
Economic Area with a notification. 
This Base Prospectus (as supplemented as at the relevant time, if applicable) is valid for 12 months from its date and will expire on 2 December 
2022 in relation to Covered Bonds which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area (the EEA) and/or 
offered to the public in the EEA other than in circumstances where an exemption is available under Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation.  
The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy does not 
apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds, interest (if any) payable in respect of Covered Bonds, the issue price of Covered Bonds and 
certain other information which is applicable to each Tranche (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") of Covered Bonds will 
be set out in a final terms document (the Final Terms) which will be filed with the CSSF.  Copies of Final Terms in relation to Covered Bonds to be 
listed on the Luxembourg Stock Exchange will also be published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu). 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act) or any state 
securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be offered and sold outside the United 
States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S under the Securities Act (Regulation S) in compliance with 
applicable securities laws. 
Moody's Investors Service Cyprus Ltd (Moody's) is established in the EEA and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 1060/2009 (as amended) (the 
CRA Regulation).  As such, Moody's is included in the list of credit rating agencies published by the European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) 
on its website (http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-certified-CRAs) in accordance with the CRA Regulation.  Moody’s is not established 
in the United Kingdom but rating(s) issued by Moody’s will be endorsed by Moody’s Investors Service Ltd in accordance with Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the EUWA) (the UK CRA Regulation). As such, 
ratings may be used for regulatory purposes in the United Kingdom in accordance with the UK CRA Regulation. 
The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme are expected to be assigned a rating by Moody's.  However, the Bank may also issue Covered Bonds 
which are unrated or rated by another rating agency.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in the applicable Final

--- Page 2 ---
Terms and will not necessarily be the same as the ratings assigned to other Tranches of Covered Bonds.  A security rating is not a recommendation to 
buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the assigning rating agency. 
Arrangers and Dealers 
ING 
 
ING Bank Śląski 
 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange under 
www.bourse.lu, will be available free of charge at the specified offices of the Bank and will be published in electronic form on the website of the Bank 
under www.inghipoteczny.pl. 
 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 2 December 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
(i) 
 
 
IMPORTANT NOTICE 
This document constitutes the base prospectus of ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna (the Bank) in respect 
of Covered Bonds (the Base Prospectus).  This Base Prospectus constitutes a base prospectus for the purposes 
of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation.  When used in this Base Prospectus, Prospectus Regulation means 
Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 and UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  This Base Prospectus should be read and understood in conjunction 
with any supplement thereto.  Full information on the Bank and any Tranche of Covered Bonds is only available 
on the basis of the combination of this Base Prospectus, including any supplements thereto, and applicable final 
terms (the Final Terms). 
The Bank, with its registered offices at ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland, is solely responsible for 
the information given in this Base Prospectus.  The Bank hereby declares that, having taken all reasonable care 
to ensure that such is the case, the information contained in this Base Prospectus for which it is responsible, is 
to the best of its knowledge, in accordance with the facts and contains no omission likely to affect its import. 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all documents which are deemed to be incorporated in it 
by reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”).  This Base Prospectus shall be read and construed 
on the basis that those documents are incorporated and form part of this Base Prospectus. 
Other than in relation to the documents which are deemed to be incorporated by reference (see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”), the information on the websites to which this Base Prospectus refers does not 
form part of this Base Prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the Competent Authority. 
Neither ING Bank N.V. (ING NV) nor ING Bank Śląski S.A. (ING BSK and, together with ING NV, the 
Arrangers and each of them the Arranger) nor any other Dealer nor any other person mentioned in this Base 
Prospectus, excluding the Bank, has independently verified the information contained herein. Accordingly, no 
representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and no responsibility or liability is accepted 
by the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers as to the accuracy or completeness of the information contained or 
incorporated in this Base Prospectus or any other information provided by the Bank in connection with the 
Programme. 
No person is or has been authorised by the Bank to give any information or to make any representation not 
contained in or not consistent with this Base Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with 
the Programme or the Covered Bonds and, if given or made, such information or representation must not be 
relied upon as having been authorised by the Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers. 
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any 
Covered Bonds (a) is intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation or (b) should be considered 
as a recommendation by the Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other information supplied in connection with the Programme or any Covered Bonds should 
purchase any Covered Bonds.  Each investor contemplating purchasing any Covered Bonds should make its 
own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs, and its own appraisal of the 
creditworthiness of the Bank.  Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other information supplied in connection 
with the Programme nor the issue of any Covered Bonds constitutes an offer or invitation by or on behalf of the 
Bank, the Arrangers or any of the other Dealers to any person to subscribe for or to purchase any Covered 
Bonds. 
Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor the offering, sale or delivery of any Covered Bonds shall in any 
circumstances imply that the information contained herein concerning the Bank is correct at any time subsequent 
to the date hereof or that any other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any 
time subsequent to the date indicated in the document containing the same.  The Arrangers and the other Dealers 
expressly do not undertake to review the financial condition or affairs of the Bank during the life of the 
Programme or to advise any investor in the Covered Bonds of any information coming to their attention.   
This Base Prospectus does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any Covered Bonds 
in any jurisdiction to any person to whom it is unlawful to make the offer or solicitation in such jurisdiction.  
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds may be restricted by law in

--- Page 4 ---
(ii) 
 
 
certain jurisdictions.  The Bank, the Arrangers and the other Dealers do not represent that this Base Prospectus 
may be lawfully distributed, or that any Covered Bonds may be lawfully offered, in compliance with any 
applicable registration or other requirements in any such jurisdiction, or pursuant to an exemption available 
thereunder, or assume any responsibility for facilitating any such distribution or offering.  In particular, no action 
has been taken by the Bank, the Arrangers or the other Dealers which would permit a public offering of any 
Covered Bonds outside the European Economic Area or distribution of this Base Prospectus in any jurisdiction 
where action for that purpose is required.  Accordingly, no Covered Bonds may be offered or sold, directly or 
indirectly, and neither this Base Prospectus nor any advertisement or other offering material may be distributed 
or published in any jurisdiction, except under circumstances that will result in compliance with any applicable 
laws and regulations.  Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Covered Bonds may come 
must inform themselves about, and observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this Base Prospectus and 
the offering and sale of Covered Bonds.  In particular, there are restrictions on the distribution of this Base 
Prospectus and the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in the United States, the European Economic Area (including 
Belgium) and the United Kingdom (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
This Base Prospectus has been prepared on the basis that any offer of Covered Bonds in any Member State of 
the European Economic Area will be made pursuant to an exemption under the Prospectus Regulation from the 
requirement to publish a prospectus for offers of Covered Bonds.  Accordingly any person making or intending 
to make an offer in a Member State of Covered Bonds which are the subject of an offering contemplated in this 
Base Prospectus as completed by Final Terms in relation to the offer of those Covered Bonds may only do so 
in circumstances in which no obligation arises for the Bank, the Arrangers or any other Dealer to publish a 
prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus pursuant to Article 
23 of the Prospectus Regulation, in each case, in relation to such offer.  Neither the Bank nor the Arrangers nor 
any other Dealer has authorised, nor do they authorise, the making of any offer of Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which an obligation arises for the Bank, the Arrangers or any other Dealer to publish or 
supplement this Base Prospectus for such offer. 
The Covered Bonds may not be a suitable investment for all investors.  Each potential investor in the Covered 
Bonds must determine the suitability of that investment in light of its own circumstances.  In particular, each 
potential investor may wish to consider, either on its own or with the help of its financial and other professional 
advisers, whether it: 
(i) 
has sufficient knowledge and experience to make a meaningful evaluation of the Covered Bonds, the 
merits and risks of investing in the Covered Bonds and the information contained or incorporated by 
reference in this Base Prospectus or any applicable supplement to this Base Prospectus; 
(ii) 
has access to, and knowledge of, the appropriate analytical tools to evaluate, in the context of its 
particular financial situation, an investment in the Covered Bonds and the impact the Covered Bonds 
will have on its overall investment portfolio; 
(iii) 
has sufficient financial resources and liquidity to bear all of the risks of an investment in the Covered 
Bonds, including Covered Bonds with principal or interest payable in one or more currencies or where 
the currency for principal or interest payments is different from the potential investor's currency; 
(iv) 
understands thoroughly the terms of the Covered Bonds and is familiar with the behaviour of any 
relevant indices and financial markets;  
(v) 
understands that an investment in the Covered Bonds involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the 
Bank only and not that of any other entities; and 
(vi) 
is able to evaluate (either alone or with the help of a financial adviser) possible scenarios for economic, 
interest rate and other factors that may affect its investment and its ability to bear the applicable risks. 
Legal investment considerations may restrict certain investments.  The investment activities of certain investors 
are subject to legal investment laws and regulations, or review or regulation by certain authorities.  Each 
potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and to what extent (1) Covered Bonds 
are legal investments for it, (2) Covered Bonds can be used as collateral for various types of borrowing and (3) 
other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Covered Bonds.  Financial institutions should consult 
their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of Covered Bonds under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.

--- Page 5 ---
(iii) 
 
 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any state securities 
laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law requirements.  The Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be 
offered and sold outside the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-U.S. persons in reliance on 
Regulation S under the Securities Act in compliance with applicable securities laws. 
This Base Prospectus contains selected macroeconomic, industry and statistical data as well as data relating to 
the ING Bank Śląski group (the Group) which has been derived from publicly available sources, including 
official industry sources and other third-party sources, such as financial statements of the Group which do not 
form part of this Base Prospectus.  The Bank believes that such data is reliable but cannot guarantee its accuracy 
and completeness.  Such information, data and statistics may be based on a number of assumptions and estimates 
and may be subject to rounding. 
The Bank confirms, in relation to information in this Base Prospectus which was sourced from a third party, 
this information has been accurately reproduced and that as far as the Bank is aware and is able to ascertain 
from information published by that third party, no facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced 
information inaccurate or misleading. 
All references in this Base Prospectus to "U.S. dollars" refer to United States dollars, all references to "PLN" 
and "Zloty" refer to Polish zloty, all references to "Sterling" and "£" refer to pounds sterling, all references to 
"euro", "EUR" and "€" refer to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and 
monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union, as amended from time to 
time, and all references to "Swiss Francs" and "CHF" refer to the currency of Switzerland.   
As at 1 December 2021, the euro/PLN spot exchange rate published by the National Bank of Poland was EUR 
1.00 = PLN 4.65. 
Certain figures in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments.  Accordingly, amounts 
shown as totals in tables or elsewhere may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The term "mortgage covered bond" as used herein corresponds to the use of the term "hipoteczny list zastawny" 
as used in Polish legislation.  Covered Bonds (as so capitalised) means mortgage covered bonds in bearer form. 
In this Base Prospectus, unless the contrary intention appears, a reference to a law or a provision of a law is a 
reference to that law or provision as extended, amended or re-enacted. 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche of Covered Bonds, the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the 
Stabilisation Manager(s) (or persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in the applicable Final 
Terms may over-allot Covered Bonds or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of the 
Covered Bonds at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail.  However, stabilisation may not 
necessarily occur.  Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure 
of the Final Terms of the offer of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds is made and, if begun, may cease at 
any time, but it must end no later than the earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of 
Covered Bonds and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilisation Manager(s) (or 
persons acting on behalf of any Stabilisation Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws and rules. 
The amount of interest payable on Floating Rate Covered Bonds will be calculated by reference to one of 
EURIBOR or WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
administrators of EURIBOR and WIBOR are included in ESMA's register of administrators under Article 36 
of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the EU Benchmarks Regulation). 
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and, with effect from such date, should not be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a 
retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) 
of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended MiFID II); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 
2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a 
professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined 
in the Prospectus Regulation.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No

--- Page 6 ---
(iv) 
 
 
1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making 
them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Covered 
Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the PRIIPS 
Regulation. 
IMPORTANT – UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds includes 
a legend entitled "Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors", the Covered Bonds are not intended to be offered, 
sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail 
investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (ii) a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000 (FSMA) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA.  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering 
or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared 
and therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor 
in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation. 
MiFID II product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled "MiFID II product governance" which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate.  Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.   
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the Product Governance 
rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the MiFID Product Governance Rules), any Dealer 
subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered Bonds, but otherwise neither 
the Arranger nor the Dealer nor any of its respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the 
MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MiFIR product governance / target market – The Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds will 
include a legend entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in 
respect of the Covered Bonds and which channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds are appropriate. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product 
Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules) is responsible 
for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.  
A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product 
Governance Rules, any Dealer subscribing for any Covered Bonds is a manufacturer in respect of such Covered 
Bonds, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a 
manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MIFIR Product Governance Rules. 
Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds – None of the Dealers accepts any responsibility for any 
environmental or sustainability assessment of any Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds or makes 
any representation or warranty or assurance whether such Covered Bonds will meet any investor expectations 
or requirements regarding such "green" or similar labels. None of the Dealers is responsible for the use of 
proceeds for any Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds, nor the impact or monitoring of such use of 
proceeds. No representation or assurance is given by the Bank or any of the Dealers as to the suitability or 
reliability of any opinion or certification of any third party made available in connection with an issue of

--- Page 7 ---
(v) 
 
 
Covered Bonds issued as Green Covered Bonds, nor is any such opinion or certification a recommendation by 
the Bank or any Dealer to buy, sell or hold any such Covered Bonds. In the event any such Covered Bonds are, 
or are intended to be, listed, or admitted to trading on a dedicated "green" or other equivalently-labelled segment 
of a stock exchange or securities market, no representation or assurance is given by the Bank or any of the 
Dealers that such listing or admission will be obtained or maintained for the lifetime of the Covered Bonds.

--- Page 8 ---
TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
General Description of the Programme .............................................................................................................. 2 
Risk factors ......................................................................................................................................................... 9 
Risks related to the Bank's financial situation ....................................................................................... 9 
Risks related to the Bank's business activities and industry ................................................................ 11 
Legal and regulatory risks ................................................................................................................... 15 
Risks related to the nature of the Covered Bonds ............................................................................... 18 
Risks related to the admission of the Covered Bonds to trading on a regulated market ..................... 26 
Use of proceeds ................................................................................................................................................ 27 
Documents incorporated by reference .............................................................................................................. 28 
Form of the Covered Bonds ............................................................................................................................. 30 
Form of Final Terms ......................................................................................................................................... 32 
Terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds .................................................................................................... 42 
Market overview ............................................................................................................................................... 64 
Selected financial information of the Bank ...................................................................................................... 72 
Description of the Bank .................................................................................................................................... 78 
Management of the Bank .................................................................................................................................. 86 
Related party transactions ................................................................................................................................. 88 
Overview of legal regulations concerning the banking sector .......................................................................... 90 
Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds legislation .......................................................................................... 93 
Bankruptcy and insolvency .............................................................................................................................. 98 
Taxation .......................................................................................................................................................... 103 
Subscription and sale ...................................................................................................................................... 109 
General information........................................................................................................................................ 114

--- Page 9 ---
2 
 
 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following overview does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety by, the 
remainder of this Base Prospectus and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of 
Covered Bonds, the applicable Final Terms. 
This overview constitutes a general description of the Programme for the purposes of Article 25(1) of 
Commission Delegated Regulation (EU) No 2019/980 (the Delegated Regulation). 
Words and expressions defined in "Form of the Covered Bonds" and "Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds" shall have the same meanings in this description. 
 
Issuer: 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna. 
Issuer Legal Entity Identifier: 
2594006G5AW3PX0GET92 
Description: 
Programme for the issuance of Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne). 
Arrangers: 
ING Bank N.V. and ING Bank Śląski S.A. 
Dealers: 
ING Bank N.V., ING Bank Śląski S.A. and any other Dealers appointed in 
accordance with the Programme Agreement. 
Risk Factors: 
There are certain factors that may affect the Bank's ability to fulfil its 
obligations under Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  These are 
set out under "Risk Factors".  In addition, there are certain factors which 
are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme.  These are set out under "Risk 
Factors" and include certain risks relating to the structure of particular 
Series of Covered Bonds and certain market risks. 
Certain Restrictions: 
Each issue of Covered Bonds in respect of which particular laws, 
guidelines, regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements apply will 
only be issued in circumstances which comply with such laws, guidelines, 
regulations, restrictions or reporting requirements from time to time (see 
"Subscription and Sale") including the following restrictions applicable at 
the date of this Base Prospectus. 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year will, if the proceeds 
of the issue are accepted in the United Kingdom, constitute deposits for the 
purposes of the prohibition on accepting deposits contained in section 19 
of the FSMA unless they are issued to a limited class of professional 
investors and have a denomination of at least £100,000 or its equivalent, 
see "Subscription and Sale". 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Programme Size: 
EUR 5,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies calculated as 
described under "General Description of the Programme") outstanding at 
any time.  The Bank may increase the amount of the Programme in 
accordance with the terms of the Programme Agreement. 
Distribution: 
Covered Bonds may be distributed by way of private or public placement 
and in each case on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis and subject to 
certain restrictions, as described under "Subscription and Sale".   
Series and Tranches: 
Covered Bonds will be issued on a continuous basis in Tranches with no 
minimum issue size, each Tranche consisting of Covered Bonds which are 
identical in all respects.

--- Page 10 ---
3 
 
 
 
One or more Tranches, which are expressed to be consolidated and 
forming a single series and identical in all respects, but having different 
issue dates, interest commencement dates, issue prices and dates for first 
interest payments may form a series (Series) of Covered Bonds.  Further 
Covered Bonds may be issued as part of an existing Series.  The specific 
terms of each Tranche will be set forth in the applicable Final Terms. 
Currencies: 
Subject to any applicable legal or regulatory restrictions, any currency 
agreed between the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s). 
Maturities: 
Such maturities as may be agreed between the Bank and the relevant 
Dealer(s), subject to such minimum or maximum maturities as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the Bank or the 
relevant Specified Currency. 
Issue Price: 
Covered Bonds may be issued only on a fully-paid basis and at an issue 
price which is at their nominal amount or at a discount to, or premium over, 
their nominal amount. 
Type of Covered Bonds: 
For a description of certain aspects relevant to the Covered Bonds, see 
"Information relating to Covered Bonds". 
Form of Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in bearer form as described in "Form of 
the Covered Bonds". 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds: 
Fixed interest will be payable on such date or dates as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer and on redemption and will be 
calculated on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds: 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds will bear interest at a rate determined: 
 
(i) 
on the same basis as the floating rate under a notional interest rate 
swap transaction in the relevant Specified Currency governed by 
an agreement incorporating either the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, 
Inc. (ISDA), and as amended and updated as at the Issue Date of 
the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series), or 
the latest version of the 2021 ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives 
Definitions (as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of the Covered Bonds of the relevant Series) as specified 
in the applicable Final Terms; or 
 
(ii) 
on the basis of a reference rate appearing on the agreed screen page 
of a commercial quotation service; or 
 
(iii) 
on such other basis as may be agreed between the Bank and the 
relevant Dealer. 
 
The margin (if any) relating to such floating rate will be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer for each Series of Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds. 
 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds may also have a maximum interest rate, a 
minimum interest rate or both. 
 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds in respect of each Interest Period 
(as defined in the Final Terms), as agreed prior to issue by the Bank and 
the relevant Dealer, will be payable on such Interest Payment Dates (as 
defined in the Final Terms), and will be calculated on the basis of such

--- Page 11 ---
4 
 
 
Day Count Fraction (as defined in the Final Terms), as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds: 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds will be offered and sold at a discount to their 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate that the Covered Bonds Holders 
are not entitled to request redemption of the Covered Bonds prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
 
Under the Polish Act on Bonds, if the Bank is subject to non-bankruptcy 
liquidation (likwidacja), the Bank shall redeem the Covered Bonds at par 
on the opening day of such non-bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja) 
proceedings.  If the Bank is subject to a merger (połączenie), division 
(podział) or transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej), and the entity 
that has taken over all or a portion of the Bank's obligations under the 
Covered Bonds pursuant to such merger (połączenie), division (podział) or 
transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) is not permitted under the 
Polish Covered Bonds Act to issue covered bonds, the Bank or its 
successor entity shall redeem such Covered Bonds at par. The terms non-
bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja), merger (połączenie), division 
(podział) and transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) in this 
paragraph shall have the meaning as prescribed under Polish law. 
 
Unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled and subject to 
Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the 
Bank's Bankruptcy", each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Bank at 
100 per cent. of its nominal value on its scheduled maturity date. 
 
Covered Bonds having a maturity of less than one year may be subject to 
restrictions on their denomination and distribution, see "Certain 
Restrictions". 
Extended maturity in the event 
of the Bank's bankruptcy:  
Upon a Bankruptcy Event of the Bank (as defined in Condition 5(c) of the 
Conditions), the maturity of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the 
Bank, including the Covered Bonds, will automatically be extended by 12 
months (the Extended Maturity Date).  While interest under all of the 
Bank's covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) will continue to be 
payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the Terms and 
Conditions of the Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms, a 
Bankruptcy Event may affect the timing and amount of principal to be paid 
to Covered Bond Holders. 
 
On the date of the Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy court will appoint a 
bankruptcy receiver (syndyk) who will assume responsibility for the 
administration of the Bank's assets.  Within three months of the 
Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy receiver must conduct, in accordance 
with the Bankruptcy Law: 
 
 
a coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) to determine whether 
the assets forming the separate bankruptcy asset pool (osobna 
masa upadłości) of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the 
Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered 
bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank; and  
 
 
a liquidity test (test płynności) to determine whether the assets 
forming the separate bankruptcy asset pool of the Bank are 
sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full

--- Page 12 ---
5 
 
 
taking into account the Extended Maturity Dates of all outstanding 
covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank. 
 
If the results of both the coverage test and the liquidity test are positive, 
the claims of the Holders of the Covered Bonds for the repayment of 
principal are to be fulfilled in accordance with the Terms and Conditions 
of the Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms up to the Extended 
Maturity Date.   
 
If the result of the coverage test is positive but the result of the liquidity 
test is negative, or if the result of the coverage test is negative, the maturity 
of the Covered Bonds will be extended by three years from the latest 
maturity date of a receivable in the cover pool. 
 
In certain circumstances provided by Polish law, the claims of the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds for the payment of principal may be satisfied sooner 
than the applicable extended maturity dates pursuant to pass-through 
procedures from the receivables in the cover pool. 
 
In addition, the holders of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the 
Bank may, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the aggregate 
principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, adopt 
resolutions requesting the bankruptcy receiver to sell the cover pool 
(Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the 
Bank's Bankruptcy").   
 
Other circumstances may affect the timing and amount of principal to be 
paid to Covered Bond Holders.  For further details see Condition 5(c) 
"Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy" 
of the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Information 
Relating to Covered Bonds". 
Denomination 
of 
Covered 
Bonds: 
Covered Bonds will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Bank and the relevant Dealer save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be such as may be allowed or 
required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant Specified 
Currency, see "Certain Restrictions", and save that the minimum 
denomination of each Covered Bond will be at least EUR 100,000 (or, if 
the Covered Bonds are denominated in a currency other than euro, the 
equivalent amount in such currency). 
Taxation: 
All payments in respect of the Covered Bonds will be made without 
deduction for or on account of withholding taxes imposed by a Tax 
Jurisdiction, subject as provided in Condition 6 "Taxation" of the Terms 
and Conditions of the Covered Bonds unless such deduction is required by 
law.  In the event that any such deduction is made, the Bank will, save in 
certain limited circumstances provided in Condition 6 "Taxation" of the 
Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds be required to pay additional 
amounts to cover the amounts so deducted. 
Negative Pledge: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds will not contain a 
negative pledge provision. 
Cross Default: 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds will not contain a cross 
default provision. 
Status of the Covered Bonds: 
The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional, unsubordinated obligations 
of the Bank and rank pari passu among themselves.  The Covered Bonds 
are covered in accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act and rank

--- Page 13 ---
6 
 
 
pari passu with all other covered and unsubordinated present and future 
obligations of the Bank which have the same status as the Covered Bonds 
under the Polish Covered Bonds Act.   
Subordination: 
Covered Bonds may not be issued on a subordinated basis. 
Rating: 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be rated or unrated.  
Where a Series of Covered Bonds is rated, such rating will be disclosed in 
the applicable Final Terms. 
 
A security rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities 
and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by 
the assigning rating agency.  See "Information relating to Ratings". 
Listing 
and 
admission 
to 
trading: 
Application may be made to list Covered Bonds issued under the 
Programme on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or 
the Warsaw Stock Exchange and to admit to trading the Covered Bonds on 
the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the 
Regulated Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 
 
Each of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market and the 
Warsaw Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a regulated market for the 
purposes of the MiFID II.  The Programme provides that Covered Bonds 
may be listed on further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between the 
Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in 
the applicable Final Terms.  Covered Bonds may further be issued under 
the Programme without being listed on any stock exchange. 
 
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the Covered Bonds 
are to be listed and/or admitted to trading and, if so, on which stock 
exchange(s) and/or markets. 
Clearing: 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other clearing system as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The Common Code and the 
International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) will be set out in the 
applicable Final Terms, as more fully described under "Form of the 
Covered Bonds".   
Payments: 
Payments on Global Covered Bonds will be made to Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (Euroclear) or Clearstream Banking S.A. (Clearstream, 
Luxembourg), as relevant, or to its order for credit to the relevant 
accountholders of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  The Bank will 
be discharged by payment to, or to the order of, Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as relevant, and each Holder of Covered Bonds represented 
by a Global Covered Bond held through Euroclear or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
for its share of any payments so made by the Bank. 
Notification: 
In order to be able to list certain Covered Bonds on the Regulated Market 
of the Warsaw Stock Exchange, the Bank applied initially for a notification 
of this Base Prospectus pursuant to Article 25 of the Prospectus Regulation 
into Poland. 
Governing Law: 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom 
or in connection therewith are governed by, and shall be construed in 
accordance with, Polish law. 
 
The Polish common court appropriate for the registered seat of the Bank 
at the time of making a claim shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any 
action or other legal proceedings arising out of or in connection with the

--- Page 14 ---
7 
 
 
Covered Bonds.  The Polish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction over 
lost or destroyed Covered Bonds. 
Selling Restrictions: 
There are restrictions on the offer, sale and transfer of Covered Bonds in 
the United States, the European Economic Area (including Belgium), the 
United Kingdom and such other restrictions as may be required in 
connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Covered 
Bonds (see "Subscription and Sale"). 
United 
States 
Selling 
Restrictions: 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the 
Securities Act or any state securities laws, and are subject to U.S. tax law 
requirements.  Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be offered 
and sold outside the United States to, or for the account or benefit of, non-
U.S. persons in reliance on Regulation S in compliance with applicable 
securities laws. 
 
The Covered Bonds will be issued in compliance with U.S. Treasury 
Regulations §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulations section, including, without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (TEFRA D) or 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (or any successor U.S. Treasury 
regulations section, including, without limitation, successor regulations 
issued in accordance with IRS Notice 2012-20 or otherwise in connection 
with the United States Hiring Incentives to Restore Employment Act of 
2010) (TEFRA C), unless the Covered Bonds are issued in circumstances 
in which the Covered Bonds will not constitute "registration required 
obligations" for U.S. federal income tax purposes, which circumstances 
will be referred to in the applicable Final Terms as a transaction to which 
TEFRA is not applicable.   
Representation of the Holders 
of the Covered Bonds: 
There is no provision for the representation of Holders of the Covered 
Bonds. 
Calculating the PLN equivalent of the Aggregate Nominal Amount 
For the purpose of calculating the PLN equivalent of the aggregate nominal amount of Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme from time to time: 
(i) 
the PLN equivalent of Covered Bonds denominated in another Specified Currency (as specified in the 
applicable Final Terms in relation to the Covered Bonds, described under "Form of the Covered Bonds") 
shall be determined, at the discretion of the Bank, either as of the date on which agreement is reached 
for the issue of Covered Bonds or on the preceding day on which commercial banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for business in London, in each case on the basis of the spot rate for the sale 
of the PLN against the purchase of such Specified Currency in the London foreign exchange market 
quoted by any leading international bank selected by the Bank on the relevant day of calculation; and 
(ii) 
the PLN equivalent of Zero Coupon Covered Bonds (as specified in the applicable Final Terms in 
relation to the Covered Bonds, described under "Form of the Covered Bonds") and other Covered Bonds 
issued at a discount or a premium shall be calculated in the manner specified above by reference to the 
net proceeds received by the Bank for the relevant issue. 
Principal Paying Agent and Luxembourg Listing Agent 
The Programme provides for the following initial agents: 
Principal Paying Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Luxembourg Listing Agent: 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
The Bank may vary or terminate the appointment of the agents and may appoint other or additional agents.

--- Page 15 ---
8 
 
 
Ratings 
Tranches of Covered Bonds issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated.  Where a Tranche of Covered 
Bonds is rated, such rating will not necessarily be the same as the rating(s) described above or the rating(s) 
assigned to Covered Bonds already issued.  Where a Tranche of Covered Bonds is rated, the applicable rating(s) 
will be specified in the relevant Final Terms.  Whether or not each credit rating applied for in relation to a 
relevant Tranche of Covered Bonds will be (1) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the 
EEA and registered under the CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the CRA 
Regulation, and/or (2) issued or endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under 
the UK CRA Regulation or by a credit rating agency which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation, will, in 
each case, be disclosed in the Final Terms.  In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a 
rating for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in 
the EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and registered under the CRA 
Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the EEA which is certified 
under the CRA Regulation.  In general, UK regulated investors are restricted from using a rating for regulatory 
purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK 
CRA Regulation or (1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK but is endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the UK and registered under the UK CRA Regulation or (2) the rating 
is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the UK which is certified under the UK CRA Regulation. 
Prospectus 
This Base Prospectus and any supplement(s) thereto will be published in electronic form on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at: www.bourse.lu, will be available free of charge at the specified offices of the 
Bank (at the request of potential investors) and will be published on the website of the Bank at: 
www.inghipoteczny.pl.   
Final Terms 
In relation to Covered Bonds issued by the Bank which are listed on a Regulated Market on any stock exchange, 
the applicable Final Terms will be available on the website of the Bank at: www.inghipoteczny.pl and will, if 
legally required, be published in any other form.  Furthermore, in relation to Covered Bonds which are listed 
on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and admitted to trading on the Regulated Market of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will also be available on the website of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange at www.bourse.lu.

--- Page 16 ---
9 
 
 
RISK FACTORS 
In purchasing the Covered Bonds, investors assume the risk that the Bank may become insolvent or otherwise 
be unable to make all payments due in respect of the Covered Bonds.  There is a wide range of risks which 
individually or together could result in the Bank becoming unable to make all payments due.  The Bank has 
described in this Base Prospectus risks which could materially adversely affect its business and ability to make 
payments due known to the Bank as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  In addition, risks which are material 
for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Covered Bonds are also described below.  It 
cannot be excluded that new risks, not known to the Bank as the date of this Base Prospectus, may arise.  
Additionally, certain risks which the Bank currently deems not to be material may become material as a result 
of the occurrence of events outside the Bank's control. Prospective investors should also read the detailed 
information set out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus and reach their own views prior to making any investment 
decision. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BANK'S FINANCIAL SITUATION 
Borrowers may fail to duly perform their obligations under the mortgage loans 
The Bank is exposed to potential credit-related losses that can occur as a result of borrowers being unable or 
unwilling to honour their contractual obligations.  Like any financial services organisation, the Bank assumes 
credit risk where it relies on the ability of the borrowers to satisfy their financial obligations to the Bank on a 
timely basis. 
There are various factors that influence borrowers' ability to satisfy their financial obligations under mortgage 
loans in the Bank's portfolio.  These factors range from the overall economic conditions to events affecting 
individual borrowers, such as loss of earnings, illness or divorce.  In addition, the ability of a borrower to sell a 
property mortgaged as security for a mortgage loan at a price sufficient to repay the amount outstanding under 
that loan depends on a number of factors, including the availability of buyers for the property, the value of that 
property and property values in general at any given time.  To the extent the Bank's credit exposure increases, 
it could have an adverse effect on its business and profitability if material unexpected credit losses occur. 
The Bank maintains credit approval and monitoring procedures and monitors, among other factors, the 
borrower's cash flow and ability to repay mortgage loans in an effort to improve the quality of the Bank's 
mortgage loan portfolio and mitigate future allowances for loan losses and credit impairments.  However, there 
can be no assurance that these credit approval and monitoring procedures will successfully protect the Bank 
from material credit losses or reduce the amount of provisions for mortgage loans that become non-performing 
in the future. 
The Bank's refinancing costs may increase 
Mortgage loans in the Bank's portfolio usually have maturities beyond the maturity of the corresponding 
funding, which results in the Bank's dependence on its ability to continuously refinance its maturing debts with 
new funding.  The Bank's funding capacity and ability to raise funding can deteriorate due to circumstances 
which are outside of the Bank's control.  Some of these factors may also increase the Bank's need for funding 
through, for example, a higher amount of collateral demanded by the counterparties to certain financing 
transactions. 
As a result of turmoil or crises in the financial and capital markets, the Bank may encounter difficulties in 
obtaining refinancing or may only be able to obtain refinancing at elevated costs.  The inability of the Bank to 
anticipate or provide for unforeseen decreases or changes in funding sources and/or to refinance itself would 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
A high proportion of long-term mortgages in the Bank's loan portfolio makes it difficult for the Bank to 
adjust its loan margins to market terms while any deterioration of residential real estate prices and decrease 
in value of collateral provided to the Bank may negatively affect the Bank's business, financial condition 
and/or the results of its operations 
Unless expressly permitted by law, under Polish law a party to an agreement cannot change its terms without 
the consent of the other party.  Therefore the Bank is not able to unilaterally change the terms of mortgage loans

--- Page 17 ---
10 
 
 
in its portfolio.  As a result, compared to other financial institutions operating on the Polish market, which have 
credit portfolios with a larger proportion of short-term loans, the Bank is limited in its ability to change its credit 
portfolio margins to acquiring new mortgage loans reflecting current credit margins in the market.  This limited 
ability to re-price its loan portfolio may adversely affect the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Bank. 
Proceeds from enforcement of mortgages may not satisfy the Bank's claims in full  
When borrowers default on mortgage loans, enforcement actions can be taken in order to claim the collateral 
securing these mortgage loans.  However, the Bank's credit risk may be increased when the collateral it holds 
cannot be enforced or is liquidated at a price not sufficient to recover the full amount due and payable under the 
relevant mortgage loan.  The market value at which real estate properties mortgaged as security for mortgage 
loans can be sold, and the amount that can be recovered as a result of enforcement action, heavily depends on 
the current real estate market prices and the legal environment at the time. 
When acquiring the mortgage loans, the Bank assumes a certain level of prices of residential real property 
securing such loans.  If sale prices of residential real property in Poland substantially decline for any reason, the 
value of the Bank's security might be adversely affected and, in cases of foreclosure, the Bank may not be able 
to recover the entire amount of the loan if the borrowers are unable to repay them.  In addition, investments in 
real estate are characterised by low liquidity as compared to other types of investments and such liquidity may 
further deteriorate in periods of economic downturn.  The Bank cannot guarantee that if the residential real 
estate market in Poland deteriorates significantly, the ability to enforce its security in a timely and effective 
manner would not deteriorate significantly.  This could have an adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial 
condition and the results of its operations. 
Additionally, a decline in the value of collateral taken by the Bank or the inability of the Bank to obtain 
additional collateral may require the Bank to reclassify the relevant loans and/or set aside additional provisions 
for loan losses, and could result in increased reserve and/or capital requirements. 
Enforcement of mortgages is a lengthy and expensive process 
Enforcement of a mortgage over a property can be a lengthy process and may require the creditor to incur 
substantial costs, especially in relation to foreclosure sale of property by court enforcement officers.  Given its 
short operating history, the Bank has not yet developed a comprehensive database on the average time to enforce 
security over property; however, the Bank relies on the Group's solution in this case.  This solution may affect 
the reliability of the Bank's projections concerning the expected duration of an enforcement action.   
Additionally, the Act on Mortgage Credit and Supervision over Mortgage Credit Intermediaries and Agents 
dated 23 March 2017 (the Mortgage Credit Act) introduced certain restrictions on banks' ability to enforce 
mortgages over real estate.  In particular, before commencing enforcement proceedings, a bank should grant the 
borrower a six-month period in which to sell the real estate asset encumbered with the mortgage. 
Prolonged enforcement proceedings requiring significant expenditure can render it difficult for the Bank to 
recover in full the funds due to the Bank from the borrowers, which could adversely affect the Bank's financial 
performance and its ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Changes in interest rates may affect the Bank's income 
Interest rate risk originates primarily from the differences between the structure and/or levels of interest rates 
applicable in respect of the Bank's asset side and liability side respectively.  For example, the Bank may fund 
its assets with fixed and/or relatively high interest rates, by liabilities obtained at floating and/or lower interest 
rates, and vice versa.  Interest rate risk may also arise when interest rate fixing periods on assets and liabilities 
do not coincide. 
As with all other banks, the Bank earns interest from loans and other assets, and pays interest to its creditors.  
Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors beyond the Bank's control, including monetary policies and 
domestic and international economic and political conditions.  As with any bank, changes in market interest 
rates (including changes in the difference between prevailing short-term and long-term rates) and correlations 
between changes in interest rates in the reference markets and interest margins could affect the interest rates the

--- Page 18 ---
11 
 
 
Bank charges on its interest-earning assets compared to the interest rates it pays on its interest-bearing liabilities.  
This difference could reduce the Bank's net interest income. 
As a consequence of its distinctive asset-liability structure as a mortgage bank, the Bank earns interest primarily 
from mortgage loans and pays interest mainly to the holders of covered bonds.  An increase in interest rates 
may reduce the demand for mortgage loans and the Bank's ability to originate such loans.  Conversely, a 
decrease in the general level of interest rates may adversely affect the Bank through increased prepayments on 
the Bank's mortgage loan portfolio.  Changes in interest rates may also affect the Bank's ability to issue covered 
bonds. 
A mismatch in interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities in any given period, which tends to 
accompany changes in interest rates, may have a material adverse effect on the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Bank. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE BANK'S BUSINESS ACTIVITIES AND INDUSTRY 
COVID-19 outbreak could have a material adverse effect on the Group's business, results of operations and 
financial position 
A novel strain of coronavirus causing the COVID-19 disease (COVID-19), identified in China in late 2019, has 
spread throughout the world, impacting Asia, Europe, the Middle East and North America.  On 11 March 2020, 
the World Health Organization confirmed that COVID-19's spread and severity had escalated to the point of a 
pandemic.  The outbreak has resulted in authorities, including those in Poland, implementing numerous 
measures to try to contain the virus, such as travel bans and restrictions, curfews, lockdowns, quarantines and 
shutdowns of businesses and workplaces.  The duration of such restrictions is highly uncertain, but could be 
prolonged, and even stricter measures may be put in place.  These measures have resulted in a severe decrease 
of global economic activity and falls in production and demand, which has led to sharp declines in the gross 
domestic product (GDP) of those countries which are most affected by the pandemic and is expected to continue 
to have an overall negative impact on global GDP in 2021.  Other consequences include increased 
unemployment levels, sharp decreases and high volatility in the stock markets, disruption of global supply 
chains, exchange rate volatility, steady customer draws on lines of credit, decline in real estate prices, and 
uncertainty in relation to the future impact in regional and global economies in the medium and long term.  
These measures have also negatively impacted, and could continue to negatively impact, businesses, market 
participants, the Bank's counterparties and clients, and the global economy for a prolonged period of time.  
Furthermore, it is unclear how the macroeconomic business environment or societal norms may be impacted 
after the pandemic.  The post-COVID-19 environment may undergo unexpected developments or changes in 
the financial markets, fiscal, tax and regulatory environments as well as customer and corporate client behaviour 
which could have an adverse impact on the business of the Bank. 
The spread of COVID-19, and the related legislative and regulatory countermeasures introduced at country 
level, has led the Bank to adjust its operational practices, and it may take further action if required by the 
authorities or if it determines that this is in the best interests of its employees, customers and other stakeholders.  
There is no certainty that such measures will be sufficient to mitigate the risks posed by COVID-19, and the 
implementation of such measures (or their insufficiency) could harm the Bank's ability to perform some of its 
critical functions and serve its customers.  The pandemic and related counter-measures have affected and 
continue to affect some of the Bank's customers adversely, which in some cases may be material, and which 
could in turn have an adverse impact on the Bank (for example, through deteriorations in credit quality and 
higher expected credit losses).  
The degree to which COVID-19 impacts the Bank's results of operations, liquidity, access to funding and 
financial position will depend on future developments, which, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, are highly 
uncertain and cannot be predicted.  These developments may include, but are not limited to, the duration and 
spread of COVID-19, its severity, actions taken to contain the virus or treat its impact, the extent and 
effectiveness of economic stimuli taken to contain the virus or treat its impact and how quickly and to what 
extent normal economic and business activity can resume.

--- Page 19 ---
12 
 
 
Competition in the Polish banking market may affect the Bank's profitability 
The Bank operates in the Polish banking services market which is subject to growing competition resulting from 
such market's continuous development.  This competition may interfere with the ING BSK's plans to sell 
mortgage loans and the Bank's plans to acquire these loans.  Competition in the Polish banking market, and in 
particular the possibility that banks will resume the price war over housing loans, may also negatively impact 
the margins earned by the Bank on mortgage loans.  In turn, competition in the covered bonds market, both 
from Polish and international issuers, may have a negative impact on the value of covered bond issuances 
planned by the Bank and thus on the Bank's ability to finance its lending activity or the costs of such financing.  
Growing competition could adversely affect the Bank's financial performance and its ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The economic conditions in Central and Eastern Europe and the devaluation of the currencies in these 
countries could have an adverse effect on the Group's, including the Bank's business, financial condition 
and results of operations 
There is a perception among certain investors that the economic or financial conditions of Central and Eastern 
European countries influence the economic or financial conditions of Poland, and that financial assets of Central 
and Eastern European countries may be treated as the same "asset class" by foreign investors.  As a result, 
investors may reduce their investments in Polish financial assets due to deteriorating economic or financial 
conditions in other countries of Central and Eastern Europe.  Specifically, the devaluation or depreciation of 
any of the currencies in Central and Eastern Europe could impair the strength of PLN.  A depreciation of PLN 
against foreign currencies may make it more difficult for the Group's, including the Bank's customers to repay 
their obligations denominated in a foreign currency, which could also have a material adverse effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations.  The financial problems faced by the Group's, 
including the Bank's customers could also adversely affect the Bank's business, financial condition and results 
of operations.  Market turmoil and economic deterioration could adversely affect the respective liquidity, 
businesses and/or financial conditions of the Group's, including the Bank's borrowers, which could in turn 
impair the Group's, including the Bank's loan portfolio and other financial assets and result in decreased demand 
for the Group's, including the Bank's products.  In an environment of significant market turmoil, economic 
deterioration and increasing unemployment, coupled with declining consumer spending, the value of assets 
collateralising the Group's, including the Bank's secured loans could also decline significantly.  The occurrence 
of any of these developments could have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition, results 
of operations and/or prospects of the Bank. 
Poland's economic, political and social conditions have affected and will continue to have an effect on the 
Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations 
The Bank conducts its operations only in Poland.  Therefore, macroeconomic factors relating to Poland, such 
as GDP, inflation, interest and currency exchange rates, as well as unemployment, personal income and the 
financial situation of companies, have a material impact on customer demand, loan impairment allowances and 
margins for the Bank's products and services, which materially affects the Bank's business, financial condition 
and results of operations.  The main tendencies expected in the Polish economy are: 
 
moderate Covid-19 contagion rates and resilience of the Poland’s economy to the forthcoming 
pandemic waves, 
 
positive consumer sentiment and further growth in real disposable income of households; 
 
growing tensions in the labour market, which result from strong demand for labour and growing supply 
limitations which lead to maintained growth in remuneration dynamics (labour costs) and employee 
deficits in some industries; 
 
continued absorption of EU funds and increased public investments could bring additional stimulus; 
Private investments are to remain rather subdued due to increased uncertainty relating to the Covid-19 
pandemic and deterioration of the regulatory investment climate; 
 
high inflation environment, driven by both supply side shocks (increasing commodity, in particular 
energy, prices and freight rates), but also wage pressures and rising inflation expectations due to

--- Page 20 ---
13 
 
 
increasing production and living costs. Headline inflation rate to remain above or around the upper level 
(3.5 per cent.) of the NBP’s inflation target in the medium term; 
 
gradual monetary policy normalization and NBP reference rate increases; and 
 
further deposit growth and recovery in demand for loans as monetary conditions are to remain soft 
(negative real NBP’s interest rates) despite the reference rate increases; slowing growth in the corporate 
loans will be balanced by further dynamic growth in loans to households; regarding deposits, the 
improving financial position of households should lead to a growth in deposits; further growth in 
deposits of non-financial business entities is also expected, while there will be moderate growth in 
deposits of central and local governments. 
Any deterioration of the economic, business, political and social conditions in Poland or the failure of the policy 
of the Polish Government may have a material adverse effect on the business, financial condition and operations 
of the Bank. 
The Bank is dependent on ING BSK 
The Bank is a wholly-owned subsidiary of ING BSK, a Polish universal bank, and is dependent on ING BSK 
in a number of areas. 
ING BSK set up the Bank to diversify the sources of funding for the Group.  As at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, the Group perceives the covered bonds to be issued by the Bank as an important source of funding 
for the Group.  However, it cannot be excluded that the Group's strategy may change and the Group may decide 
to raise financing in ways other than through the issuance of covered bonds by the Bank.  Such a change in the 
Group's strategy may lead to a reduction in the scale of the Bank's business activity. 
As the sole shareholder of the Bank, ING BSK may be required to subscribe for new shares in the Bank's share 
capital or provide the Bank with capital in a different manner if so required by the applicable capital adequacy 
requirements.  It is possible that ING BSK may decide that these requirements became too onerous for the 
Group.  This may lead to ING BSK deciding to reduce the scale of operations of the Bank to avoid making 
additional capital contributions.  For example, financial institutions will have to meet the minimum requirement 
for own funds and eligible liabilities (MREL).  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank is exempt from 
meeting this requirement, but ING BSK will be obliged to satisfy MREL. 
Additionally, the Bank outsources certain services to ING BSK on the basis of a cooperation agreement (see 
"Description of the Bank – Business overview of the Bank – Cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK in 
mortgage loan origination and acquisition of mortgage loans").  The cooperation agreement defines the tasks 
to be performed by ING BSK for the Bank in the course of its business and specifies how these tasks are to be 
delivered.  The cooperation agreement covers the following: 
 
post-sale services regarding loans transferred by ING BSK to the Bank, with ING BSK reviewing post-
sale applications, instructions and complaints for which no lending decision is required; 
 
sharing IT systems with ING BSK; and  
 
support in the application of group-wide tools, methodologies and risk models approved by the Bank's 
competent bodies for the purposes of risk assessment and control. 
Any negative future changes affecting ING BSK's operations, business model and IT systems, as well as any 
changes in how the ING BSK brand is perceived, may adversely affect the Bank's business, results of operations 
and financial condition and the Bank's ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Bank may fail to meet its strategic objective 
The key business objective defined in the Bank's strategy is to obtain long-term financing through issuances of 
covered bonds and becoming active covered bonds issuers in the Polish market.  Bank does not grant mortgage 
loans to clients itself, but instead purchases the mortgage loans granted by ING BSK.  This means that the 
Bank's financial performance and its ability to deliver the stated strategic business objective largely depend on 
ING BSK meeting its mortgage loans sales targets and on investors' demand for covered bonds.  Decrease in

--- Page 21 ---
14 
 
 
demand for mortgage loans or decrease of the investors' appetite for covered bonds issued by the Bank, may 
adversely affect the Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition.  Given the nature of its 
business, the Bank will have a limited ability to seek alternative sources of funding should it fail to deliver its 
strategic objective regarding mortgage loans and covered bonds.  Such failure to deliver its strategic objective 
could adversely affect the Bank's business, results of operations and financial condition and ability to meet its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Similar to other mortgage banks, the Bank has a special asset-liability structure 
Since the Bank operates as a mortgage bank, it has a special asset-liability structure as compared with that 
generally characterising the Polish banking system.  The Bank will primarily fund the acquisition of mortgage 
loans from ING BSK by issuing covered bonds.  Mortgage loans have long-term maturities and provide for 
repayments in the form of instalments with principal amounts being subject to amortisation on a periodic basis.  
Covered bonds, on the other hand, are medium-term obligations of the Bank with bullet repayments.  
Consequently, financing mortgage loans through the issuance of covered bonds exposes the Bank to (funding) 
liquidity risks (besides interest rate risks) in particular arising from such maturity mismatches.  To the extent 
that the volume of, or the Bank's ability to access on commercially reasonable terms and/or in a timely manner, 
the wholesale lending markets become constrained, the Bank may face funding gaps, in particular, in periods of 
turmoil or in the event of unexpected governmental interventions in the markets where it operates.  Difficulties 
in refinancing may also cause the Bank to dispose of its assets at a loss, increase the rates paid on funding or 
limit its business activities.  A lack of liquidity or refinancing opportunities may, inter alia, result in a limitation 
of business volume in the financing business, which may, in turn, lead to a reduction of the Bank's interest 
income and could adversely affect the Bank's business, financial position and results of operations.  
Falling residential property prices may affect the Bank's financial standing 
The repayment of mortgage loans advanced by the Bank is secured by residential property, which is exposed to 
the risk of losing value.  Therefore, a decline in property prices may lead directly to a decrease in the value of 
security for loans advanced by the Bank.  Furthermore, depreciation of property value may have an effect on 
the mortgage lending value of property calculated by the Bank, which may result in the Bank breaching statutory 
restrictions on its activities.  All such developments may lead to a reduction of the scale of the Bank's operations 
and adversely affect the Bank's financial standing. 
Decline in demand for residential properties will lead to decline in demand for mortgage loans 
A drop in demand for residential property may have a direct negative effect on the demand for mortgage loans, 
translating into lower-than-planned sales of mortgage loans by the ING BSK and, as a consequence, reduced 
number of loans transferred by ING BSK to the Bank.  Lower sales of mortgage loans could adversely affect 
the Bank's financial performance and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Properties securing mortgage loans are exposed to catastrophes and natural disasters 
The Bank insures the properties which are mortgaged in the Bank's favour in accordance with the market 
practice.  It is possible that such insurance may not cover all risks to which a property is exposed.  Properties 
on which loans advanced by the Bank are secured may be destroyed or significantly damaged as a result of 
natural disasters, such as floods, hurricanes, tornadoes, hailstorms and fires.  The frequency and intensity of 
such phenomena are difficult to predict.  Moreover, the growing weather and climate variability observed in 
recent years creates additional uncertainty over the future occurrence of such disasters.  A natural disaster can 
result in a lower value of property and thus the value of security established for the Bank's benefit, especially if 
a property is not covered by a valid insurance policy or if bringing the property back to its pre-disaster condition 
is impossible.  In consequence, such natural disasters could adversely affect the Bank's financial standing and 
ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Risk management systems might not identify all risks 
In its operations, the Bank manages risk through the risk assessment methods and procedures it has 
implemented, including risk assessment models.  These tools support the Bank's decision-making processes.  
However, they may prove to be insufficient to properly assess future risks due to reliance on historical data,

--- Page 22 ---
15 
 
 
errors made at the stage of development, implementation or incorrect use of the methods and models, etc.  This 
may lead to an incorrect assessment of the risk related to the Bank's recognised assets and liabilities, off-balance 
sheet items and the Bank's business decisions, which in turn may adversely affect the Bank's financial standing 
and ability to perform its obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The transfer of mortgage loans from ING BSK to the Bank may be declared ineffective 
Under Polish law, in principle, the debtor's consent is not required to transfer a receivable.  The Bank will not 
acquire a loan from ING BSK before the mortgage securing this loan is established.  However, the transfer of 
the mortgage loans to the Bank may be subject to certain generally available remedies which could result in 
such transfer being declared ineffective by Polish courts. 
In case of the bankruptcy of ING BSK, the transfer of the mortgage loans from ING BSK to the Bank may be 
declared ineffective pursuant to certain rules in the Polish Bankruptcy Law dated 28 February 2003 (Ustawa z 
dnia 28 lutego 2003 r. Prawo upadłościowe, the Polish Bankruptcy Law).  Grounds for ineffectiveness 
include: (i) the transfer of mortgage loans occurred later than six months of the bankruptcy of ING BSK, unless 
the Bank can show that such transfer was not detrimental to the creditors of ING BSK; or (ii) if the transfer of 
mortgage loans was made later than 12 months before the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings, and such 
transfer was made without remuneration or the remuneration obtained by ING BSK was grossly 
disproportionate to the value of the transferred mortgage loans. 
If a Polish court declares the transfer of the mortgage loans to the Bank ineffective, ING BSK will be required 
to repay to the Bank all amounts received from the Bank in respect of such transfer and the Bank will be required 
to return the transferred mortgage loans to ING BSK or, if such return is not possible, to pay to ING BSK the 
value of the respective mortgage loans. 
The Bank is exposed to counterparty credit risk 
The Bank may routinely execute transactions (including securities or currency trades, repos, swaps and 
derivative contracts) with counterparties in the financial services industry, including commercial banks, 
investment banks, funds, brokers and dealers.   
Many of these transactions expose the Bank to the risk of a counterparty defaulting on its obligations prior to 
maturity when the Bank has an outstanding claim against that counterparty.  This counterparty credit risk may 
also be increased where the collateral held by the Bank cannot be realised or is liquidated at prices not sufficient 
to recover the full amount of the counterparty exposure.  In addition, counterparty credit risk also arises from 
holding debt instruments as the issuers (including financial institutions, sovereigns, supranational entities and 
corporations) of such debt instruments may default on their obligations thereunder due to insolvency, political 
events, lack of liquidity, operational failure or a number of other reasons.  Furthermore, the deteriorating 
solvency of such counterparties may impair the efficacy of the Bank's hedging and other risk management 
strategies. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Bank executes securities or currency trades, repos, swaps and 
derivative contracts only with ING BSK.  However, it cannot be excluded that the Bank will enter into 
transactions of this kind with other counterparties. 
Any of the aforementioned events may have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
LEGAL AND REGULATORY RISKS 
The Bank may be unable to satisfy its minimum capital adequacy and other regulatory ratios 
As at 31 December 2020, the Bank's total capital ratio was 26.82 per cent.  Certain developments could affect 
the Bank's ability to continue to satisfy the current capital adequacy requirements, including: 
 
increasing the scale of the Bank's business activities and increasing the Bank's risk-weighted assets; 
 
the Bank's ability to raise capital; 
 
the payment of dividends by the Bank to its shareholder;

--- Page 23 ---
16 
 
 
 
losses resulting from a deterioration in the Bank's asset quality, a reduction in income levels, the 
introduction of new levies or a combination of all of the above; 
 
changes in accounting rules or in the guidelines regarding the calculation of the capital adequacy ratios 
of banks; and 
 
additional capital requirements imposed by the Bank's regulator. 
The Bank may also be required to raise additional capital in the future in order to maintain its capital adequacy 
ratios above the minimum-required levels including the required capital buffers.  The Bank's ability to raise 
additional capital may be limited by numerous factors, including: 
 
the Bank's future financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 
any necessary regulatory approvals; 
 
the Bank's credit rating; 
 
financial markets disruption; 
 
general market conditions for capital-raising activities by commercial banks and other financial 
institutions; 
 
changes in domestic and international economy; and 
 
political and other conditions. 
Failure to maintain the minimum capital adequacy and other regulatory ratios or to otherwise maintain sufficient 
levels of capital to conduct the Bank's business may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition 
and results of operations of the Bank.  Moreover, a breach of laws relating to the minimum capital adequacy 
and other regulatory ratios may result in the Bank being subject to administrative sanctions or regulatory 
resolution measures which may result in an increase in the operating costs of the Bank, loss of reputation, and, 
consequently, an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of operations of the Bank. 
The Bank is subject to substantial regulation and regulatory and governmental oversight 
As a financial institution, the Bank is subject to extensive regulation, as well as to certain administrative 
measures and policies.  Moreover, the Bank holds an authorisation issued by the KNF, and the KNF and other 
regulatory authorities supervise its activity.  Applicable legal provisions address, inter alia, capital adequacy, 
risk management and prevention of money laundering.  The fulfilment of these regulations implies substantial 
costs and could significantly limit potential operations.  Furthermore, regulatory authorities have substantial 
discretion in how to regulate banks, and this discretion, and the means available to the regulators, have been 
increasing during recent years.  Regulation may be imposed on an ad hoc basis by governments and regulators 
in response to a crisis, and these may especially affect financial institutions such as the Bank that are deemed to 
be systemically important. 
Any legislative or regulatory actions and any required changes to the business operations of the Bank resulting 
from such legislation and regulations, as well as any deficiencies in the Bank's compliance with such legislation 
and regulation, could result in significant loss of revenue, limit the ability of the Bank to pursue business 
opportunities in which it might otherwise consider engaging and provide certain products and services, affect 
the value of assets that it holds, require the Bank to increase its prices and therefore reduce demand for its 
products, impose additional compliance and other costs on the Bank or otherwise adversely affect its business. 
The Bank may be required to make substantial contributions to the Bank Guarantee Fund and the 
Borrower's Support Fund 
Pursuant to the provisions of the Polish Act on Bank Guarantee Fund, Deposit Guarantee Scheme and 
Compulsory Restructuring dated 10 June 2016 (Ustawa z dnia 10 czerwca 2016 r. o Bankowym Funduszu 
Gwarancyjnym, systemie gwarantowania depozytów oraz przymusowej restrukturyzacji) (the Resolution Act), 
members of a mandatory guarantee system are obliged to contribute to a deposit guarantee fund and a resolution 
fund.  If an entity that is a member of the Polish Bank Guarantee Fund (Bankowy Fundusz Gwarancyjny) (the

--- Page 24 ---
17 
 
 
BFG) is declared bankrupt, other members may be required to make additional one-off payments to cover the 
liabilities of such entity. 
In addition, a Borrowers' Support Fund (Fundusz Wsparcia Kredytobiorców) was established pursuant to the 
Polish Act on the Support of Borrowers in Financial Difficulties who Have Taken Out a Housing Loan dated 9 
October 2015 (Ustawa z dnia 9 października 2015 r. o wsparciu kredytobiorców znajdujących się w trudnej 
sytuacji finansowej, którzy zaciągnęli kredyt mieszkaniowy) in order to support residential borrowers in financial 
difficulties.  This fund is intended to provide support to natural persons who are unemployed or who find 
themselves in difficult financial situations or who are required to repay housing loans which significantly 
encumber their household budgets.  The Borrowers' Support Fund is funded predominantly from contributions 
made by lenders in proportion to their housing loan portfolio for households, for which the delay in repayment 
of principal or interest exceeds 90 days.   
If the Bank is required to make substantial contributions to the BFG and the Borrowers' Support Fund, it may 
have a material adverse effect on the Bank's strategy, its growth potential and profit margins and, consequently, 
could have a material adverse effect on the Bank's business, financial condition and results of operations. 
Regulatory intervention regarding CHF mortgage loans 
Polish banks have granted a large number of mortgages denominated in Swiss francs or indexed to Swiss francs 
(CHF Mortgage Loans).  CHF Mortgage Loans were an extremely popular product due to, among other things, 
low interest rates.  Due to the rapid appreciation of the Swiss franc, monthly instalments of CHF Mortgage 
Loans and the outstanding principal amounts of CHF Mortgage Loans increased significantly.  For this reason, 
many CHF Mortgage Loan borrowers have decided to bring an action for annulment of their CHF Mortgage 
Loan agreements or some of their provisions.  Up to the date of this Base Prospectus, there have been disparities 
between the decisions of courts resolving particular cases, with some decisions going in favour of borrowers 
and others in favour of the banks. 
On 3 October 2019, in the judgment of the CJEU for Case C-260/18 concerning a mortgage credit agreement 
in CHF concluded by Raiffeisen Bank Polska S.A, the CJEU indicated, amongst others, that the provisions of 
EU law do not preclude national courts, where they find that clauses relating to the CHF Mortgage Loan 
indexing mechanism are abusive, from deciding to annul CHF Mortgage Loan contracts, having regard, 
however, to whether such annulment would expose the consumer to particularly harmful consequences.  At the 
same time, the CJEU held that national courts cannot fill in the gaps in CHF Mortgage Loan contracts which 
arise after the elimination of prohibited provisions, on the basis of provisions relating to equity or established 
custom.  The above decision of the CJEU also covered credits indexed to other currencies bearing an interest 
rate directly related to the interbank rate of a given currency. 
In accordance with the above judgment of the CJEU, national courts should assess the abuse of clauses relating 
to a mechanism for indexing loans to foreign currencies or at an interest rate directly linked to the interbank rate 
of the currency concerned and the existence of the grounds for annulment of a credit agreement containing such 
mechanisms on a case-by-case basis.  However, this constitutes a precedent that may facilitate enforcement of 
the annulment of credit agreements concluded by certain consumers before the Polish courts. 
The occurrence of such a phenomenon on a mass scale may have an adverse effect on the entire Polish banking 
sector and, consequently, may have an adverse effect on the business, financial condition and results of 
operations of the Group. 
At the request of the First President of the Supreme Court, the Supreme Court is expected to adopt a resolution 
on the key aspects of cases concerning CHF Mortgage Loans.  The goal of the Supreme Court is to unify the 
Polish courts' position on CHF Mortgage Loans and the resolution, if adopted, will be binding upon the Polish 
courts.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus it is not yet certain when this resolution will be adopted and what 
will be the decision of the Supreme Court.  The model used by the Group to estimate legal risk associated with 
the portfolio of loans indexed to or denominated in a foreign currency takes into account different potential 
judgments.  In particular, the Supreme Court's position may trigger revision of the model assumptions, and lead 
to potentially significant changes in the estimated collective and individual provisions for legal risk.

--- Page 25 ---
18 
 
 
In December 2020, the Chairman of the KNF presented a proposal for voluntary settlements between banks and 
borrowers in respect of CHF Mortgage Loans.  Under such proposal the CHF Mortgage Loans would be 
retroactively settled as PLN loans bearing a floating interest rate based on WIBOR increased by a margin.  In 
October 2021 the Group decided to offer its customers the voluntary settlement of CHF Mortgage Loans.  As 
at 30 June 2021 the nominal value of the CHF Mortgage Loans in the Group’s portfolio was PLN 852.9 million 
and constitutes 0.76 per cent. of the gross value of the CHF Mortgage Loans in the whole Polish banking sector.  
The Bank does not hold any CHF Mortgage Loans in its portfolio.  However, the conversion of the CHF 
Mortgage Loans may have a negative impact on the Polish banking sector as a whole and, as a consequence, on 
the business activity and financial position of the Group.  This may adversely affect the Bank's financial standing 
and its ability to meet obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Polish Covered Bonds Act may be materially amended in the near future 
On 7 January 2021 the Minister of Finance, Funds and Regional Policy published the draft act implementing 
the Directive (EU) 2019/2162 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 November 2019 on the issue 
of covered bonds and covered bond public supervision and amending Directives 2009/65/EC and 2014/59/EU 
(the Covered Bonds Directive) into Polish law. The new legislation will materially amend the Polish Covered 
Bonds Act currently in force.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the legislative works concerning the draft 
legislation have not yet been finalised.  It is not yet certain what will be the final shape of the new legislation 
and when it will come into force.  Any changes to the Polish Covered Bonds Act currently in force may require 
the Bank to change the way it conducts business and these changes may adversely affect the Bank’s financial 
standing and its ability to perform obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
Changes to the Polish pension system 
Open pension funds, which are a part of the pension system in Poland, are important investors in debt securities 
issued in the Polish market.  The Polish Government has announced that it intends to wind up the open pension 
funds.  The persons who have accounts with the open pension funds will be able to decide whether the assets in 
the account in the open pension fund should be transferred to the state social security system or to a separate 
individual pension account.  As of the date of this Base Prospectus it is not certain whether the changes proposed 
by the Polish Government will be implemented.  The dissolution of the open pension funds may affect the 
investors' demand for covered bonds issued by the Bank and therefore may adversely affect the Bank's financial 
standing and ability to meet its obligations under the Covered Bonds.   
The Bank may breach the regulatory requirements concerning the cover pool 
The Bank, its cover pool and issuances of covered bonds by the Bank are subject to a number of regulatory 
restrictions.  If the Bank does not originate or acquire new mortgage loans to replace the loans which were 
included in the cover pool, but were repaid, it is possible that the Bank will not satisfy the statutory 
overcollateralisation requirements.  Additionally, even though the Bank and the cover pool monitor verify 
whether the loans in the cover pool meet the statutory criteria, it cannot be excluded that particular loans in the 
cover pool might not satisfy all statutory criteria.  In such case the Bank may need to replenish the assets in the 
cover pool in order to comply with the regulatory requirements concerning the cover pools which can be done 
through adding additional eligible loans or by supplying substitute liquid assets.  Breach of regulatory 
requirements concerning the cover pool may also result in disciplinary action from the KNF including fines, 
removal of board members and (in extreme circumstances) commencement of compulsory restructuring. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE NATURE OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Holders of all covered bonds issued by the Bank share the same cover pool 
The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by any person and constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated 
obligations of the Bank, which will rank pari passu among themselves and with all other covered bonds issued 
by the Bank and with all other obligations of the Bank that have been provided the same priority as the Covered 
Bonds.   
The Bank maintains one cover pool for all covered bonds of the same type (for example, mortgage covered 
bonds) issued by the Bank.  This means that holders of all covered bonds of one type issued by the Bank have

--- Page 26 ---
19 
 
 
a claim against the same assets in the cover pool maintained for that type of covered bonds.  Holders of one 
type of covered bonds have no claim against the assets in the cover pool maintained for another type of covered 
bonds (which means that holders of mortgage covered bonds have no claim against the cover pool maintained 
for public covered bonds).  The Polish Covered Bonds Act does not permit the maintenance of a "variety of 
pools" for calculation, insolvency or other purposes under Polish law (for example, on issue-by-issue or 
programme-by-programme basis).  In the future, the Bank may decide to issue mortgage covered bonds under 
programmes other than the Programme or on a standalone basis and the holders of mortgage covered bonds will 
have access to the same cover pool as holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Holders of the Covered Bonds will have limited information on loans in the cover pool 
This Base Prospectus provides basic information on the loans in the cover pool as at 2 December 2021.  Within 
three months from the end of each financial year, the Bank will announce in "Monitor Sądowy i Gospodarczy" 
the aggregate amount of the Bank's receivables in the cover pool.  Additionally, the Bank publishes periodically 
a cover pool report in accordance with Article 129 section 7 of the CRR.  The Cover Pool Monitor supervises 
the proper maintenance of the cover pool register, but the results of this inspection are not publicly available.  
Therefore, it is possible that after the date of this Base Prospectus the composition of the cover pool will change 
and these changes may have an adverse effect on the Bank's financial position and ability to perform its 
obligations under the Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are obligations of the Bank only 
The Covered Bonds will constitute the obligations of the Bank only.  An investment in the Covered Bonds 
involves a reliance on the creditworthiness of the Bank.  The Covered Bonds are not guaranteed by ING BSK 
or any other member of the Group.  Holders of Covered Bonds have no recourse to any entity other than the 
Bank.  Although during the Bank's licensing process, ING BSK declared to the KNF its intention to support the 
Bank and maintain the Bank’s liquidity and capital adequacy ratios above the applicable regulatory limits, this 
declaration does not constitute a guarantee, or any other similar instrument, for the Covered Bonds.  Therefore, 
it cannot be a basis for claims of the Holders of the Covered Bonds against ING BSK and ING BSK is not in 
any way liable for the Bank's obligations under the Covered Bonds.  This means that if the Bank fails to satisfy 
its obligations under the Covered Bonds, the Holders of the Covered Bonds will not have any claim against ING 
BSK and are exposed to the risk that the Bank may not have sufficient assets to make the payments under the 
Covered Bonds in full. 
No events of default 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds do not include any events of default relating to the Bank or 
the Covered Bonds, the occurrence of which would entitle the Holders of the Covered Bonds to accelerate the 
Covered Bonds.  Consequently, the Holders of the Covered Bonds will only be paid the scheduled interest 
payments under the Covered Bonds as and when they fall due under the Terms and Conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and are not able to accelerate the Covered Bonds if the Bank's situation deteriorates. 
Extension of maturity dates in the case of the Bank's bankruptcy  
Upon a Bankruptcy Event of the Bank (as defined in Condition 5(c)), the maturity of all outstanding covered 
bonds issued by the Bank, including the Covered Bonds, will automatically be extended by 12 months (the 
Extended Maturity Date).  While interest under all of the Bank's covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) 
will continue to be payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the terms and conditions of the Covered 
Bonds and the applicable Final Terms, a Bankruptcy Event may affect the timing and amount of principal to be 
paid to Covered Bond Holders. 
On the date of the Bankruptcy Event, the bankruptcy court will appoint a bankruptcy receiver (syndyk) who will 
assume responsibility for the administration of the Bank's assets.  Within three months of the Bankruptcy Event, 
the bankruptcy receiver must conduct, in accordance with the Bankruptcy Law: 
 
a coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) to determine whether the assets forming the separate 
bankruptcy asset pool (osobna masa upadłości) of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's

--- Page 27 ---
20 
 
 
obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by 
the Bank; and  
 
a liquidity test (test płynności) to determine whether the assets forming the separate bankruptcy asset 
pool of the Bank are sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account the Extended Maturity Dates of all 
outstanding covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) issued by the Bank. 
If the results of both the coverage test and the liquidity test are positive, the claims of the holders of the Covered 
Bonds for the repayment of principal are to be fulfilled in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 
Covered Bonds and the applicable Final Terms up to the Extended Maturity Date.   
If the result of the coverage test is positive but the result of the liquidity test is negative, or if the result of the 
coverage test is negative, the maturity of the Covered Bonds will be extended by three years from the latest 
maturity date of a receivable in the cover pool. 
In certain circumstances provided by Polish law, the claims of the holders of the Covered Bonds for the payment 
of principal may be satisfied sooner than the applicable extended maturity dates pursuant to pass-through 
procedures from the receivables in the cover pool. 
In addition, the holders of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank may, by a vote of holders 
representing two-thirds of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, adopt 
resolutions requesting the bankruptcy receiver to sell the cover pool (Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered 
Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy").   
Other circumstances may affect the timing and amount of principal to be paid to Covered Bond Holders.  For 
further details see Condition 5(c) "Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy" of 
the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds and "Information Relating to Covered Bonds". 
Additionally, filing the motion to declare a mortgage bank bankrupt results in a suspension of the mortgage 
bank's operations for approximately two months.  Suspension of the mortgage bank's operations may further 
affect the timing of payments to be made to Covered Bond Holders. 
Meetings of holders of covered bonds in the event of bankruptcy 
According to the Polish Bankruptcy Law, following the declaration of bankruptcy of the Bank the meeting of 
holders of covered bonds (including the Covered Bonds) may be convened by the judge-commissioner on a 
motion of holders of covered bonds representing at least 10 per cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding 
covered bonds.  Unless the Polish Bankruptcy Law provides otherwise, resolutions of the meeting of holders of 
covered bonds are adopted regardless of the number of the covered bond holders present, by a majority of votes 
of those holders who hold no less than 50 per cent. of the nominal value of the outstanding covered bonds.  
Consequently, Covered Bond Holders can be bound by the result of a resolution that they voted against, 
abstained from voting or did not vote at all. 
Consent of the abovementioned meeting is required for sale of assets belonging to any cover pool register 
maintained by the Bank if: (i) they are sold in whole and the proceeds from such sale will not be enough to 
cover costs of cover pool liquidation and liabilities from covered bonds; or (ii) they are sold in part and below 
their fair value.  Consent to the sale of part of the Bank's banking enterprise, comprising in particular the separate 
bankruptcy asset pool, requires a majority of two-thirds of votes.  In such case none of the covered bonds 
(including the Covered Bonds) is subject to such sale and the bankruptcy receiver shall determine the share of 
the proceeds from the sale of the Bank's banking enterprise which will be used for covering claims of covered 
bond holders (including the Covered Bond Holders). 
For considerations in respect of pre-declaration of bankruptcy meeting of the Covered Bond Holders please 
refer to the "Meetings of Holders of Covered Bonds" risk factor below. 
The Covered Bonds may be subject to mandatory bail-in tool 
The obligations of the Bank under the Covered Bonds may be subject to compulsory write-down or conversion 
into equity to the extent the value of the Cover Pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims under the mortgage

--- Page 28 ---
21 
 
 
covered bonds issued by the Bank. Such event may have adverse effect on the investment in the Covered Bonds 
and investors’ return on the Covered Bonds  
The application of the net proceeds of Covered Bonds with a specific use of proceeds, such as 'Green Covered 
Bonds' may not meet investor expectations or be suitable for an investor's investment criteria 
The applicable Final Terms relating to any specific Tranche of Covered Bonds may provide that it will be the 
Bank's intention to apply the proceeds from an offer of those Covered Bonds specifically to refinance existing 
loans in the cover pool or acquire new loans which, in each case, are secured over energy efficient buildings 
(Green Mortgage Loans and the Covered Bonds issued thereunder, Green Covered Bonds).  It should be 
noted that any Green Mortgage Loans will be included in the cover pool together with other mortgage loans, 
which are not Green Mortgage Loans.  Accordingly, prospective investors will have a claim against the cover 
pool, without having preferential claim on the Green Mortgage Loans over and above other investors.   
Prospective investors in the Green Covered Bonds should have regard to the information in "Use of Proceeds" 
regarding the use of the net proceeds of those Green Covered Bonds and must determine for themselves the 
relevance of such information for the purpose of any investment in such Green Covered Bonds together with 
any other investigation such investor deems necessary.  In addition, it is an area which has been, and continues 
to be, the subject of many and wide-ranging voluntary and regulatory initiatives to develop rules, guidelines, 
standards, taxonomies and objectives. 
For example, at EU level, on 18 December 2019, the Council and the European Parliament reached a political 
agreement on a regulation to establish a framework to facilitate sustainable development. In July 2020, 
Regulation (EU) 2020/852 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 18 June 2020 on the establishment 
of a framework to facilitate sustainable investment, and amending Regulation (EU) 2019/2088 (the Taxonomy 
Regulation) entered into force and will apply in part as of 1 January 2022 and in whole as of 1 January 2023. 
On 12 June 2020, the European Commission launched a public consultation on the creation of the EU Green 
Bond Standard. This consultation ran for an extended period of 16 weeks until 2 October 2020. Based on the 
outcome of this consultation, as well as ongoing bilateral stakeholder dialogues, the European Commission is 
likely to establish the EU Green Bond Standard in near future. 
Accordingly, no assurance can be given by the Bank or the Dealers or any sustainability advisor or second party 
opinion provider that the use of such proceeds for any Green Mortgage Loans will satisfy, whether in whole or 
in part, any existing or future legislative or regulatory requirements, or any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with which any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. 
In the event that any Tranche of Covered Bonds is listed or admitted to trading on any dedicated "green", 
"environmental", "sustainable" or other equivalently-labelled segment of any stock exchange or securities 
market (whether or not regulated), no representation or assurance is given by the Bank, the Dealers or any other 
person that such listing or admission satisfies, whether in whole or in part, any present or future investor 
expectations or requirements with respect to investment criteria or guidelines with any investor or its 
investments are required to comply under its own by-laws or other governing rules or investment portfolio 
mandates. Furthermore, it should be noted that the criteria for any such listings or admission to trading may 
vary from one stock exchange or securities market to another. Nor is any representation or assurance given or 
made by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that any such listing or admission to trading will be obtained 
in respect of any Tranche of Covered Bonds or, if obtained, that any such listing or admission to trading will be 
maintained during the life of that Tranche of Covered Bonds. 
While it is the intention of the Bank to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any Covered Bonds so 
specified for Green Mortgage Loans in, or substantially in, the manner described in the relevant Final Terms, 
there can be no assurance by the Bank, the Dealers or any other person that the relevant project(s) or use(s) the 
subject of, or related to, any Green Mortgage Loans will be capable of being implemented in or substantially in 
such manner and/or accordance with any timing schedule and that accordingly such proceeds will be totally or

--- Page 29 ---
22 
 
 
partially disbursed for such Green Mortgage Loans. Nor can there be any assurance by the Bank, the Dealers or 
any other person that such Green Mortgage Loans will be financed or refinanced within any specified period or 
at all or with the results or outcome (whether or not related to the environment) as originally expected or 
anticipated by the Issuer. Any such event or any failure by the Issuer to do so will not give the Holder the right 
to early terminate the Covered Bonds. 
Any failure to apply an amount equivalent to the proceeds of any issue of Covered Bonds for any Green 
Mortgage Loans as aforesaid and/or withdrawal of any such opinion or certification or any such opinion or 
certification attesting that the Bank is not complying in whole or in part with any matters for which such opinion 
or certification is opining or certifying on and/or any such Covered Bonds no longer being listed or admitted to 
trading on any stock exchange or securities market as aforesaid may have a material adverse effect on the value 
of such Covered Bonds and also potentially the value of any other Covered Bonds which are intended to finance 
Green Mortgage Loans and/or result in adverse consequences for certain investors with portfolio mandates to 
invest in securities to be used for a particular purpose 
Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
The Holder of a Covered Bond with a fixed rate of interest (Fixed Rate Covered Bond) is exposed to the risk 
that the price of such Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate.  While the nominal 
interest rate of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond as specified in the applicable Final Terms is fixed during the life of 
such Covered Bond, the current interest rate on the capital markets (market interest rate) typically changes on 
a daily basis.  As the market interest rate changes, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond also changes, but in 
the opposite direction.   
If the market interest rate increases, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically falls, until the yield of 
such Covered Bond is approximately equal to the market interest rate.   
If the market interest rate falls, the price of a Fixed Rate Covered Bond typically increases, until the yield of 
such Covered Bond is approximately equal to the market interest rate.  If the Holder of a Fixed Rate Covered 
Bond holds such Covered Bond until maturity, changes in the market interest rate are not relevant to such Holder 
as the Covered Bond will be redeemed at a specified redemption amount, usually the principal amount of such 
Covered Bond. 
In the case of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds with an interest commencement date not equal to the issue date, such 
instruments will have a lower yield than Fixed Rate Covered Bonds with an interest commencement date equal 
to the issue date.  In the event that such Fixed Rate Covered Bonds are sold in the secondary market before 
accrual of interest begins, investors may face a negative yield.   
Where an investor purchases Covered Bonds at an issue price (including any fees or transaction costs in 
connection with such purchase) higher than or equal to the sum of the redemption amount of the Covered Bonds 
and all remaining interest payments on the Covered Bonds until the maturity date, the investor may receive no 
yield or a negative yield. 
Floating Rate Covered Bonds  
The Holder of a Covered Bond with a floating rate of interest (Floating Rate Covered Bond) is exposed to the 
risk of fluctuating reference rates such as the Euro Interbank Offered Rate (EURIBOR) or the Warsaw 
Interbank Offered Rate (WIBOR) as applicable and uncertain interest income.  Fluctuating reference rate levels 
make it impossible to determine the yield of Floating Rate Covered Bonds in advance. 
Furthermore, where the Floating Rate Covered Bonds do not provide for a minimum rate of interest above zero 
per cent., investors may not receive any interest payments during one or more interest periods if the applicable 
reference rate decreases or increases (in the case of Reverse Floating Rate Covered Bonds (as defined below)) 
to a certain level. 
In case of a low floating rate of interest and where an investor purchases Covered Bonds at an issue price 
(including any fees or transaction costs in connection with such purchase) higher than or equal to the sum of the 
redemption amount of the Covered Bonds and all remaining interest payments on the Covered Bonds until the 
maturity date, the investor may receive no yield or a negative yield.

--- Page 30 ---
23 
 
 
Fixed to Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Fixed to Floating Rate Covered Bonds are Covered Bonds which bear interest at a rate that converts from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate.  Such a feature to convert the interest basis, 
and any conversion of the interest basis, may affect the secondary market in, and the market value of, such 
Covered Bonds as the change of interest basis may result in a lower interest return for Covered Bondholders.  
Where the Covered Bonds convert from a fixed rate to a floating rate, the spread on the Fixed to Floating Rate 
Covered Bonds may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on comparable Floating Rate Covered 
Bonds tied to the same reference rate.  In addition, the new floating rate at any time may be lower than the rates 
on other Covered Bonds.  Where the Covered Bonds convert from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate 
may be lower than then prevailing rates on those Covered Bonds and could affect the market value of an 
investment in the relevant Covered Bonds. 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
Zero Coupon Covered Bonds do not pay current interest but are issued at a discount from their nominal value.  
The difference between the redemption price and the issue price constitutes interest income until maturity and 
reflects the market interest rate.  The Holder of a Zero Coupon Covered Bond is exposed to the risk that the 
price of such Covered Bond falls as a result of changes in the market interest rate.  Prices of Zero Coupon 
Covered Bonds are more volatile than prices of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds and are likely to fluctuate more in 
relation to market interest rate changes than interest-bearing Covered Bonds with a similar maturity. 
Currency risk 
The Bank will pay principal and interest on the Covered Bonds in the Specified Currency.  This presents certain 
risks relating to currency conversions if an investor's financial activities are denominated principally in a 
currency (the Investor's Currency) other than the Specified Currency.  These include the risk that exchange 
rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the Specified Currency or revaluation 
of the Investor's Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the Investor's Currency may 
impose or modify exchange controls.  An appreciation in the value of the Investor's Currency relative to the 
Specified Currency would decrease: (i) the Investor's Currency-equivalent yield on the Covered Bonds; (ii) the 
Investor's Currency-equivalent value of the principal payable on the Covered Bonds; and (iii) the Investor's 
Currency-equivalent market value of the Covered Bonds. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate or the ability of the Bank to make payments in respect of the 
Covered Bonds.  As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than expected, or no interest or 
principal. 
Additionally, although the Covered Bonds will be denominated in the Specified Currency, if a judgement in the 
Polish courts is made in the Specified Currency without explicit indication that the claim can only be fulfilled 
in the Specified Currency, the enforcement of such judgement would be made in PLN, which means an investor 
becomes exposed to currency risk as the currency of its investment has changed.  If PLN moves against the 
Specified Currency after judgement and before the judgement is fully enforced, the investor might incur a loss 
due to currency fluctuation.   
Furthermore, in the course of bankruptcy proceedings, in principle the claims of the Bank's creditors 
denominated in any currency other than PLN will be placed on the list of claims in PLN at the exchange rate of 
the NBP as at the date of the Bankruptcy Event, and in the absence of such exchange rate − according to the 
average market price on that day.  Entering the claim on the list of claims in PLN does not result in the 
conversion of the claim denominated in a foreign currency into a claim denominated in PLN; however, all 
payments made as a result of the implementation of the distribution plan prepared based on the list of claims 
shall be made in PLN.  The Bank, after consultation with its advisers, has concluded that, in the course of 
bankruptcy proceedings, the abovementioned provisions relating to satisfaction of claims as a result of the 
implementation of the distribution plan after conversion into PLN should not apply to the Covered Bonds, and 
consequently all payments under the Covered Bonds should be made in accordance with their respective terms 
and conditions in the Specified Currency.  However, as the relevant provisions of the Polish Bankruptcy Law 
relating to the bankruptcy of mortgage banks have not been tested in practice, the Bank cannot exclude the

--- Page 31 ---
24 
 
 
possibility that bankruptcy administrators appointed in the course of bankruptcy proceedings of the Bank might 
interpret the relevant legislation in a different manner. 
The regulation and reform of "benchmarks" may adversely affect the value of Covered Bonds linked to or 
referencing such "benchmarks"   
Interest rates and indices which are deemed to be "benchmarks", (including the euro interbank offered rate 
(EURIBOR) and the Warsaw interbank offered rate (WIBOR)) are the subject of national and international 
regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are already effective whilst others are still 
to be implemented. These reforms may cause such benchmarks to perform differently than in the past, to 
disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any such consequence could have a 
material adverse effect on any Covered Bonds referencing such a benchmark.   
The EU Benchmarks Regulation applies, subject to certain transitional provisions, to the provision of 
benchmarks, the contribution of input data to a benchmark and the use of a benchmark within the EU. Among 
other things, it (i) requires benchmark administrators to be authorised or registered (or, if non-EU-based, to be 
subject to an equivalent regime or otherwise recognised or endorsed) and (ii) prevents certain uses by EU 
supervised entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised or registered (or, if non-EU based, 
not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA (the UK Benchmarks Regulation) among other things, applies to the provision of 
benchmarks and the use of a benchmark in the UK. Similarly, it prohibits the use in the UK by UK supervised 
entities of benchmarks of administrators that are not authorised by the FCA or registered on the FCA register 
(or, if non-UK based, not deemed equivalent or recognised or endorsed). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, could have a material 
impact on any Covered Bonds linked to or referencing a benchmark in particular, if the methodology or other 
terms of the benchmark are changed in order to comply with the requirements of the EU Benchmarks Regulation 
and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable. Such changes could, among other things, have the effect 
of reducing, increasing or otherwise affecting the volatility of the published rate or level of the relevant 
benchmark. 
More broadly, any of the international or national reforms, or the general increased regulatory scrutiny of 
benchmarks, could increase the costs and risks of administering or otherwise participating in the setting of a 
benchmark and complying with any such regulations or requirements.  
The euro risk free-rate working group for the euro area has published a set of guiding principles and high level 
recommendations for fallback provisions in,  amongst other things, new euro denominated cash products 
(including bonds) referencing EURIBOR.  The guiding principles indicate, amongst other things, that 
continuing to reference EURIBOR in relevant contracts (without robust fallback provisions) may increase the 
risk to the euro area financial system. On 11 May 2021, the euro risk-free rate working group published its 
recommendations on EURIBOR fallback trigger events and fallback rates. 
Such factors may have (without limitation) the following effects on certain benchmarks: (i) discouraging market 
participants from continuing to administer or contribute to a benchmark; (ii) triggering changes in the rules or 
methodologies used in the benchmark and/or (iii) leading to the disappearance of the benchmark. Any of the 
above changes or any other consequential changes as a result of international or national reforms or other 
initiatives or investigations, could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any Covered 
Bonds linked to, referencing, or otherwise dependent (in whole or in part) upon, a benchmark. 
The Terms and Conditions of Covered Bonds provide for certain fallback arrangements in the event that 
EURIBOR or WIBOR and/or any page on which EURIBOR or WIBOR may be  published (or any other 
successor service) becomes unavailable or a Benchmark Event (as defined in the Terms and Conditions) 
otherwise occurs. Such fallback arrangements include the possibility that the Rate of Interest could be set by 
reference to a Successor Rate or an Alternative Rate (both as defined in the Terms and Conditions), with or 
without the application of an adjustment spread and may include amendments to the Terms and Conditions of

--- Page 32 ---
25 
 
 
the Covered Bonds to ensure the proper operation of the successor or replacement benchmark, all as determined 
by the Bank (acting in good faith and in consultation with an Independent Adviser). An adjustment spread, if 
applied could be positive or negative and would be applied with a view to reducing or eliminating, to the fullest 
extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or benefit (as applicable) to 
investors arising out of the replacement of EURIBOR or WIBOR. However, it may not be possible to determine 
or apply an adjustment spread and even if an adjustment is applied, such adjustment spread may not be effective 
to reduce or eliminate economic prejudice to investors. If no adjustment spread can be determined, a Successor 
Rate or Alternative Rate may nonetheless be used to determine the Rate of Interest. The use of a Successor Rate 
or Alternative Rate (including with the application of an adjustment spread) will still result in any Covered 
Bonds linked to or referencing an Original Reference Rate performing differently (which may include payment 
of a lower Rate of Interest) than they would if EURIBOR or WIBOR were to continue to apply in its current 
form.  
If, following the occurrence of a Benchmark Event, no Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined, the 
ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of the Rate of Interest for a particular Interest Period may result 
in the Rate of Interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the effective 
application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Covered Bonds based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. Due to the uncertainty concerning the availability of Successor Rates and Alternative 
Rates, the involvement of an Independent Adviser and the potential for further regulatory developments there 
is a risk that the relevant fallback provisions may not operate as intended at the relevant time. 
Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about the potential 
risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation and/or the UK Benchmarks Regulation, as applicable, or any 
of the international or national reforms and the possible application of the benchmark replacement provisions 
of Covered Bonds in making any investment decision with respect to any Covered Bonds referencing a 
benchmark. 
Meetings of Holders of Covered Bonds 
The Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds contain provisions for calling meetings of their respective 
Covered Bond Holders to consider matters affecting the interests of such Covered Bond Holders generally.  
These provisions permit defined majorities to bind all Covered Bond Holders who did not attend and vote at the 
relevant meeting and Covered Bond Holders who voted in a manner contrary to the majority.  As a result, 
Covered Bond Holders can be bound by the result of a vote that they voted against. 
Additionally, under the Polish Act on Bonds, the resolutions of meetings of Holders of listed Covered Bonds 
amending the provisions of the Conditions or the Final Terms concerning: (i) the amounts payable by the Bank 
under the Covered Bonds, the manner of determining these amounts, including conditions of payment of 
interest; (ii) the dates, place and the manner of making payments under the Covered Bonds and the dates on 
which persons entitled to receive payments under the Covered Bonds are determined; (iii) convening, holding 
and adopting resolutions by the meeting of Holders; and (iv) lowering the principal amount of the Covered 
Bonds require consent of all Holders attending the meeting and the consent of the Bank.  This means the Bank 
or a holder of a single Covered Bond may prevent an amendment to the Conditions or the Final Terms which 
would be beneficial for a majority of Holders of the Covered Bonds. 
Clearing Systems 
Because the global covered bonds representing the Covered Bonds (each a Global Covered Bond and, together, 
the Global Covered Bonds) may be held by or on behalf of Euroclear, with its registered address at 1 Boulevard 
du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium and/or Clearstream Luxembourg, with its registered address at 42 
Avenue Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg, investors will have to rely on their procedures for 
transfer, payment and communication with the Bank. 
Covered Bonds issued under the Programme may be represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s).  Such 
Global Covered Bond will be deposited on the issue date with a common safekeeper (in the case of Covered 
Bonds issued in new global covered bond (NGCB) form) or common depositary (in any other case) for 
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  Investors will not be entitled to receive definitive Covered Bonds.

--- Page 33 ---
26 
 
 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg will maintain records of the beneficial interests in the Global Covered 
Bonds.  While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s), investors will be 
able to trade their beneficial interests only through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
While the Covered Bonds are represented by one or more Global Covered Bond(s) the Bank will discharge its 
payment obligations under the Covered Bonds by making payments to the common depositary or to the common 
safekeeper (in the case of Covered Bonds issued in NGCB form), as the case may be, for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg for distribution to their accountholders.  A holder of a beneficial interest in a Global 
Covered Bond must rely on the procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to receive payments 
under the relevant Covered Bonds.  The Bank has no responsibility or liability for the records relating to, or 
payments made in respect of, beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds. 
Holders of beneficial interests in the Global Covered Bonds will not have a direct right to vote in respect of the 
relevant Covered Bonds.  Instead, such holders will be permitted to act only to the extent that they are enabled 
by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg to appoint appropriate proxies. 
RISKS RELATED TO THE ADMISSION OF THE COVERED BONDS TO TRADING ON A 
REGULATED MARKET 
An active secondary market in respect of the Covered Bonds may never be established or may be illiquid and 
this would adversely affect the value at which an investor could sell his Covered Bonds 
Application may be made to list the Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme on the Official List of 
the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and/or the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda 
Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A.) and to admit to trading such Covered Bonds on the Regulated 
Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or on the Regulated Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange.  
In addition, the Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed on other or further stock exchanges or 
may not be listed at all.  Regardless of whether the Covered Bonds are listed or not, there can be no assurance 
that a liquid secondary market for the Covered Bonds will develop or, if it does develop, that it will continue.  
The fact that the Covered Bonds may be listed does not necessarily lead to greater liquidity than if they were 
not listed.  If the Covered Bonds are not listed on any exchange, pricing information for such Covered Bonds 
may, however, be more difficult to obtain, which may affect the liquidity of the Covered Bonds adversely.  In 
an illiquid market, an investor might not be able to sell his Covered Bonds at any time at fair market prices.  
The possibility to sell the Covered Bonds might additionally be restricted due to currency restrictions. 
Market value of Covered Bonds 
The market value of Covered Bonds might change significantly on a daily basis.  The price at which a Holder 
will be able to sell Covered Bonds prior to maturity may be at a discount, which could be substantial, from the 
relevant issue price of the Covered Bonds or the purchase price paid by such purchaser.  The historical market 
prices of reference rates or an index should not be taken as an indication of reference rates' or an index's future 
performance during the term of any Covered Bond.

--- Page 34 ---
27 
 
 
USE OF PROCEEDS 
The net proceeds from each issue of Covered Bonds will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final 
Terms, be applied by the Bank as follows: 
(a) 
where "General Corporate Purposes" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, for its general corporate 
purposes; or 
(b) 
where "Green Covered Bonds" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the allocation of an amount 
equal to the net proceeds from such issue of Covered Bonds will be to projects determined to be eligible 
under the Issuer’s “Green Covered Bond Framework” (Green Covered Bond Framework) published 
on the Issuer’s website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/1500014. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of proceeds other than using the net 
proceeds for the Bank's general corporate purposes, then this will be stated in the relevant Final Terms.

--- Page 35 ---
28 
 
 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below that are incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus are, where indicated, 
direct translations into English from the original Polish language documents.  To the extent that there are any 
inconsistencies between the original language versions and the translations, the original language versions shall 
prevail.  The information set out shall be deemed to be incorporated in, and to form part of, this Base Prospectus: 
1. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2019 (published on the Bank’s website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/jghlfty)  prepared 
in accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the EU (IFRS) (the 
2019 Financial Statements) audited by BDO spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. which 
constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English language including the information 
set out at the following pages in particular: 
(a) 
income statement (page 3); 
(b) 
statement of comprehensive income (page 4); 
(c) 
statement of financial position (page 5); 
(d) 
statement of changes in equity (page 6); 
(e) 
cash flow statement (page 7); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 8 – 84); 
2. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2019 Financial Statements (pages 1-6) which 
constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language (published on the Bank’s 
website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/miyinuc); 
3. 
the audited consolidated financial statements of the Bank as at and for the year ended 31 December 
2020 (published on the Bank’s website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/yrxut3a) prepared 
in accordance with the IFRS (the 2020 Financial Statements) audited by BDO spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp. k. which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English 
language including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
(a) 
income statement (page 4); 
(b) 
statement of comprehensive income (page 5); 
(c) 
statement of financial position (page 6); 
(d) 
statement of changes in equity (page 7); 
(e) 
cash flow statement (page 8); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 9 – 97); 
4. 
the separate independent registered auditor's report on the 2020 Financial Statements (pages 1-7) which 
constitutes a free translation from the Polish version into the English language (published on the Bank’s 
website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/2lpkqbc); 
5. 
the interim condensed financial statements of the Bank for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021 
(published on the Bank’s website https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/ez4knat) prepared in

--- Page 36 ---
29 
 
 
accordance with the IFRS, which constitute a free translation from the Polish version into the English 
language including the information set out at the following pages in particular: 
(a) 
interim condensed income statement (page 5); 
(b) 
interim condensed statement of comprehensive income (page 6); 
(c) 
interim condensed statement of financial position (page 7); 
(d) 
interim condensed statement of changes in equity (page 8); 
(e) 
interim condensed cash flow statement (page 9); 
(f) 
notes to financial statements (pages 10 – 70); and 
6. 
the “Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds” set out on pages 34-51 of the Bank’s base prospectus 
dated 5 September 2019 relating to the Programme (published on the Bank’s website 
https://en.inghipoteczny.pl/_fileserver/item/1500018). 
Any non-incorporated parts of a document referred to herein (which, for the avoidance of doubt, means any 
parts not listed in the cross-reference list above) are either deemed not relevant for an investor or are otherwise 
covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus.  The Bank accepts responsibility as to the accuracy and completeness 
of any translations into English set out in any documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
Copies of documents incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained, free of charge, at the 
specified offices of the Paying Agent, unless such documents have been modified or superseded.  Such 
documents will also be available to view on the website of Luxembourg Stock Exchange (https://bourse.lu). 
The Bank will, in the event of any significant new factor, material mistake or material inaccuracy relating to 
information included in this Base Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Covered 
Bonds, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection 
with any subsequent issue of Covered Bonds.

--- Page 37 ---
30 
 
 
FORM OF THE COVERED BONDS 
Each Tranche of Covered Bonds will be in bearer form and will be initially issued in the form of a temporary 
global covered bond (a Temporary Global Covered Bond) or, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, a 
permanent global covered bond (a Permanent Global Covered Bond) which, in either case, will: 
(i) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are intended to be issued in NGCB form, as stated in the applicable Final 
Terms, be delivered on or prior to the Issue Date of the Tranche to a common safekeeper (the Common 
Safekeeper) for Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg; and 
(ii) 
if the Global Covered Bonds are not intended to be issued in NGCB form, be delivered on or prior to 
the Issue Date of the Tranche to a common depositary (the Common Depositary) for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Where the Global Covered Bonds issued in respect of any Tranche are in NGCB form, the applicable Final 
Terms will also indicate whether such Global Covered Bonds are intended to be held in a manner which would 
allow Eurosystem eligibility.  Any indication that the Global Covered Bonds are to be so held does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche will be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or at any times 
during their life as such recognition depends upon satisfaction of the Eurosystem eligibility criteria.  The 
Common Safekeeper for NGCBs will either be Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or another entity 
approved by Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as indicated in the applicable Final Terms.  Each 
Temporary Global Covered Bond (if it will not be exchanged) and/or Permanent Global Covered Bond will be 
kept in custody by or on behalf of a Common Safekeeper until all obligations of the Bank under the Covered 
Bonds have been satisfied.  While any Covered Bond is represented by a Temporary Global Covered Bond, 
payments of principal, interest (if any) and any other amount payable in respect of the Covered Bonds due prior 
to the Exchange Date (as defined below) will be made (against presentation of the Temporary Global Covered 
Bond if the Temporary Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in NGCB form) only to the extent that 
certification (in a form to be provided) to the effect that the beneficial owners of interests in such Covered Bond 
are not U.S. persons or persons who have purchased for resale to any U.S. person, as required by U.S. Treasury 
regulations, has been received by Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg, as applicable, has given a like certification (based on the certifications it has received) to the 
Agent. 
On and after the date (the Exchange Date) which is 40 days after a Temporary Global Covered Bond is issued, 
interests in such Temporary Global Covered Bond will be exchangeable (free of charge) upon a request as 
described therein for interests in a Permanent Global Covered Bond of the same Series.  The holder of a 
Temporary Global Covered Bond will not be entitled to collect any payment of interest, principal or other 
amount due on or after the Exchange Date unless, upon due certification, exchange of the Temporary Global 
Covered Bond for an interest in a Permanent Global Covered Bond is improperly withheld or refused. 
Payments of principal, interest (if any) or any other amounts on a Permanent Global Covered Bond will be made 
through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (against presentation or surrender (as the case may be) of 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond if the Permanent Global Covered Bond is not intended to be issued in 
NGCB form) without any requirement for certification. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) 
(TEFRA C) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (TEFRA D) are applicable in relation 
to the Covered Bonds or, if the Covered Bonds do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that neither the 
TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable. 
Where TEFRA D is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the following legend will appear on the applicable 
Permanent Global Covered Bond: 
"ANY UNITED STATES PERSON WHO HOLDS THIS OBLIGATION WILL BE SUBJECT TO 
LIMITATIONS UNDER THE UNITED STATES INCOME TAX LAWS, INCLUDING THE LIMITATIONS 
PROVIDED IN SECTIONS 165(j) AND 1287(a) OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE CODE."

--- Page 38 ---
31 
 
 
The sections referred to provide that United States holders, with certain exceptions, will not be entitled to deduct 
any loss on Covered Bonds and will not be entitled to capital gains treatment in respect of any gain on any sale, 
disposition, redemption or payment of principal in respect of such Covered Bonds or interest. 
Covered Bonds which are represented by a Global Covered Bond will only be transferable in accordance with 
the rules and procedures for the time being of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be. 
Pursuant to the Agency Agreement (as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds"), the Agent 
(as defined under "Terms and Conditions of the Covered Bonds") shall arrange that, where a further Tranche of 
Covered Bonds is issued which is intended to form a single Series with an existing Tranche of Covered Bonds 
at a point after the Issue Date of the further Tranche, the Covered Bonds of such further Tranche shall be 
assigned, if so required, a common code and ISIN which are different from the common code and ISIN assigned 
to Covered Bonds of any other Tranche of the same Series until such time as the Tranches are consolidated and 
form a single Series, which shall not be prior to the expiry of the distribution compliance period (as defined in 
Regulation S under the Securities Act) applicable to the Covered Bonds of such Tranche. 
Any reference herein to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg shall, whenever the context so permits, be 
deemed to include a reference to any additional or alternative clearing system specified in the applicable Final 
Terms.

--- Page 39 ---
32 
 
 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS 
Set out below is the form of Final Terms which will be completed for each Series/Tranche of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme. 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area (EEA).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who 
is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as 
amended, MiFID II); (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) 
of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or (iii) not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (as 
amended, the Prospectus Regulation).  Consequently no key information document required by Regulation 
(EU) No 1286/2014 (as amended, the PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling the Covered Bonds or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or 
selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful 
under the PRIIPS Regulation.] 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Covered Bonds are not intended to be 
offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any 
retail investor in the United Kingdom (UK). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or 
more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); (ii) a customer within the 
meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement 
Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) 
of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or (iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of domestic law 
by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 
as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the UK PRIIPs Regulation) for offering or selling 
the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and 
therefore offering or selling the Covered Bonds or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the 
UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.] 
[MiFID II product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer's product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is eligible 
counterparties and professional clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, MiFID 
II)][MiFID II]; and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to eligible counterparties and 
professional clients are appropriate.  [Consider any negative target market].  Any person subsequently offering, 
selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by either adopting or refining 
the manufacturer['s/s'] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.] 
[UK MIFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Covered Bonds has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Covered Bonds is only eligible 
counterparties, as defined in the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (COBS), and professional 
clients, as defined in Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European 
Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK MiFIR); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Covered Bonds to 
eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any 
person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Covered Bonds (a distributor) should take into 
consideration the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to the FCA 
Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the UK MiFIR Product Governance 
Rules) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Covered Bonds (by 
either adopting or refining the manufacturer[’s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels.]

--- Page 40 ---
33 
 
 
Luxembourg, [Date] 
ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A. 
Legal entity identifier (LEI): 2594006G5AW3PX0GET92 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Covered Bonds] 
under the EUR 5,000,000,000 
Programme for the issuance of Covered Bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions set forth in the Base 
Prospectus dated 2 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]], which [together] 
constitute[s] a base prospectus for the purposes of the Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation) 
(the Base Prospectus).  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described herein for 
the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base 
Prospectus.  Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of 
the combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu), on the website of the Bank (www.inghipoteczny.pl), 
and is available for viewing at and collection from the registered office of ING Bank Hipoteczny S.A., at ul. 
Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland and the office of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (in its capacity 
as the Principal Paying Agent) at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom. 
[The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under Base Prospectus with an earlier date.] 
Terms used herein shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Conditions (the Conditions) 
set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 5 September 2019 which are incorporated by reference in the Base 
Prospectus dated 2 December 2021.  This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Covered Bonds described 
herein for the purposes of Article 8.4 of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the 
Base Prospectus dated 2 December 2021 [and the supplement[s] to it dated [    ] [and [    ]] (the Base Prospectus).  
Full information on the Bank and the offer of the Covered Bonds is only available on the basis of the 
combination of these Final Terms and the Base Prospectus.  The Base Prospectus has been published on the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange website (www.bourse.lu), on the website of the Bank (www.inghipoteczny.pl), 
and is available for viewing at and collection from the registered office of ING Bank Hipoteczny S.A., at ul. 
Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland and the office of Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch (in its capacity 
as the Principal Paying Agent) at Winchester House, 1 Great Winchester Street, London EC2N 2DB, United 
Kingdom. 
 
1. 
(a) 
Series Number: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Tranche Number: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Date on which the Covered 
Bonds will be consolidated 
and form a single Series: 
The Covered Bonds will be consolidated and form a single 
Series with [identify issue amount/ISIN/maturity date/issue 
date of earlier Tranche(s)] on [the Issue Date/the exchange 
date of the Temporary Global Covered Bond for interests in 
the Permanent Global Covered Bond which is expected to 
occur on or about [date]][Not Applicable] 
2. 
Specified Currency: 
[           ] 
3. 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
 
(a) 
Series: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Tranche: 
[           ] 
(c) 
Issue Price (per Covered 
Bond): 
[    ] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount of the 
Tranche [plus accrued interest amounting to [insert Specified 
Currency and amount of accrued interest] for [insert number

--- Page 41 ---
34 
 
 
of days] days for the period from, and including [the Interest 
Commencement Date][insert date] to, but excluding [the Issue 
Date] [insert date]] 
(Zero Coupon Covered Bonds can be issued only at a 
discount.) 
4. 
(a) 
Specified Denominations: 
[           ] 
(Covered Bonds of each Series must have only one Specified 
Denomination with a minimum denomination of €100,000 (or 
equivalent)). 
(b) 
Calculation Amount: 
[           ] 
(Insert the relevant Specified Denomination.) 
5. 
(a) 
Issue Date: 
[           ] 
(b) 
Interest 
Commencement 
Date: 
(An Interest Commencement Date will not be relevant for 
certain Covered Bonds, for example Zero Coupon Covered 
Bonds.) 
 
(i) 
Period to Maturity 
Date: 
[Specify/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
 
(ii) 
Period from 
Maturity Date to 
Extended Maturity 
Date or 
Additionally 
Extended Maturity 
Date: 
[Specify/Maturity Date/Not Applicable] 
 
6. 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or for Floating Rate Covered Bonds − Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to [specify month and 
year]] 
7. 
Interest Basis: 
 
 
(a) 
Period to Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [WIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [11]/[12]/[13(a)] below) 
 
(b) 
Period from Maturity Date 
to Extended Maturity Date 
or Additionally Extended 
Maturity Date: 
[    ] per cent. per annum Fixed Rate] 
[[[  ] month [WIBOR/EURIBOR]] +/- [    ] per cent. 
Floating Rate] 
[Zero Coupon] 
(see paragraph [11]/[12]/[13(a)] below) 
8. 
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Redemption at par 
9. 
Change of Interest Basis 
[For the period from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date, up to (but excluding) [date] paragraph 
[11/12] applies and for the period from (and including) [date], 
up to (and including) the Maturity Date, paragraph [11/12] 
applies] [Not Applicable] 
10. 
Date 
of 
Management 
Board 
approval for issuance of Covered 
Bonds obtained: 
[           ] [and [           ], respectively]

--- Page 42 ---
35 
 
 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE 
11. 
Fixed 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Rate(s) of Interest: 
[    ] per cent. per annum in arrear on each Interest Payment 
Date 
(b) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[[    ] in each year up to and including the Maturity Date] 
(Amend appropriately in the case of irregular coupons) 
(c) 
Fixed Coupon Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount/Not Applicable] 
(d) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[[    ] per Calculation Amount payable on the Interest Payment 
Date falling [in/on] [    ]/Not Applicable] 
(e) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ICMA)] 
[30/360] 
(f) 
Determination Date(s): 
[           ] in each year] [Not Applicable] 
(Only relevant where Day Count Fraction is Actual/Actual 
(ICMA).   In such a case insert regular interest payment dates, 
ignoring issue date or maturity date in the case of long or short 
first or last coupon.) 
(g) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating 
amounts 
payable: 
[Agent[/if not the Agent, insert details of Calculation Agent]] 
12. 
Floating 
Rate 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Specified 
Period(s)/Specified Interest 
Payment Dates: 
[           ] subject to adjustment in accordance with the Business 
Day Convention set out in (b) below/, not subject to 
adjustment, as the Business Day Convention in (b) below is 
specified to be Not Applicable] 
(b) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating 
Rate 
Convention/Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/Preceding Business Day Convention] [Not 
applicable] 
(c) 
Additional 
Business 
Centre(s): 
[           ] 
(d) 
Manner in which the Rate 
of Interest and Interest 
Amount 
is 
to 
be 
determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(e) 
Party 
responsible 
for 
calculating the Rate of 
Interest 
and 
Interest 
Amount: 
[Agent/[if not Agent, insert details of Calculation Agent]] 
(f) 
Screen 
Rate 
Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]  
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph)

--- Page 43 ---
36 
 
 
(i) 
Reference Rate: 
[           ] month [[WIBOR]/[EURIBOR]]. 
(ii) 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[           ] 
 
(Second Warsaw business day prior to the start of each 
Interest Period if WIBOR and the second day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open prior to the start of each Interest 
Period if EURIBOR) 
(iii) 
Relevant 
Screen 
Page: 
[           ] 
(In the case of EURIBOR, if not Reuters EURIBOR01 ensure 
it is a page which shows a composite rate) 
(iv) 
Reference Banks: 
[           ] 
(g) 
ISDA Determination: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(i) 
ISDA Definitions: 
[2006 ISDA Definitions]/[2021 ISDA Definitions] 
(ii) 
Floating 
Rate 
Option: 
[           ] 
(Ensure this is a Floating Rate Option included in the Floating 
Rate Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)) 
(iii) 
Designated 
Maturity: 
[         ]/[Not Applicable] 
(A Designated Maturity period is not relevant where the 
relevant Floating Rate Option is a risk-free rate) 
(iv) 
Reset Date: 
[           ] 
(In the case of a EURIBOR based option, the first day of the 
Interest Period) 
(v) 
Compounding: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining items of this 
subparagraph) 
(vi) 
Compounding 
Method: 
[Compounding with Lookback 
Compounding with Lookback Period: [[  ] Applicable 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[Compounding with Observation Period Shift 
Compounding with Observation Shift Period: [[  ] Observation 
Period 
Shift 
Business 
Days]/[As 
specified 
in 
the 
Compounding/Averaging Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA 
Definitions)] 
Set-in-Advance: [Applicable/Not Applicable]] 
[Compounding with Lockout

--- Page 44 ---
37 
 
 
Compounding with Lockout Period: [[  ] Lockout Period 
Business Days]/[As specified in the Compounding/Averaging 
Matrix (as defined in the 2021 ISDA Definitions)]] 
[IOS Compounding]] 
(h) 
Linear Interpolation 
[Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] [first/last] interest Period shall be calculated using 
Linear Interpolation (specify for each short or long interest 
period)] 
(i) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][           ] per cent. per annum 
(j) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[[           ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(k) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[[           ] per cent. per annum]/[Not Applicable] 
(l) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[Actual/Actual (ISDA)][Actual/Actual] 
[Actual/365 (Fixed)] 
[Actual/365 (Sterling)] 
[Actual/360] 
[30/360][360/360][Bond Basis] 
[30E/360][Eurobond Basis] 
[30E/360 (ISDA)] 
13. 
Zero 
Coupon 
Covered 
Bond 
Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining subparagraphs of this 
paragraph) 
(a) 
Accrual Yield: 
[           ] per cent. per annum 
(b) 
Reference Price: 
[           ]  
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
 
14. 
Final Redemption Amount of each 
Covered Bond: 
[    ] per Calculation Amount 
(N.B.: In relation to any issue of Covered Bonds which are 
expressed at item 4 above to have a minimum denomination 
and tradeable amounts above such minimum denomination 
which are smaller than it, the following wording should be 
added: "For the avoidance of doubt, in the case of a holding 
of Covered Bonds in an integral multiple of [    ] in excess of 
[    ] as envisaged in item 4 above, such holding will be 
redeemed at its nominal amount.") 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE COVERED BONDS 
 
15. 
Relevant Financial Centre(s) or 
other special provisions relating to 
Payment Dates: 
[Warsaw] / [Brussels] / [Not Applicable] / [    ] 
(Note that this item relates to the date of payment as referred 
to under Condition 4(c)) 
FORM OF COVERED BONDS 
16. 
Form of Covered Bonds:

--- Page 45 ---
38 
 
 
(a) 
Form: 
[Temporary Global Covered Bond exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
[Permanent Global Covered Bond] 
(b) 
New Global Note: 
[Yes/No] 
THIRD PARTY INFORMATION 
[           ] has been extracted from [           ].  The Bank confirms that such information has been accurately 
reproduced and that, so far as it is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by [           ], no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. 
 
Signed on behalf of the Bank: 
 
 
 
By: 
By: 
Duly authorised 
Duly authorised 
ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A. 
 
By: 
 
Duly authorised 
 
COVER POOL MONITOR OF ING BANK HIPOTECZNY S.A.

--- Page 46 ---
39 
 
 
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
 
1. 
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Listing: 
[Luxembourg/Warsaw/None/specify other] 
(ii) 
Admission to trading: 
[Application has been made for the Covered Bonds to be 
admitted to trading on [the regulated market of the 
Luxembourg 
Stock 
Exchange/Warsaw 
Stock 
Exchange/[specify other] with effect from [    ].]/[Not 
Applicable.] 
2. 
RATINGS 
Ratings: 
[The Covered Bonds to be issued [[have been]/[are expected 
to be]] rated [insert details] by [insert the legal name of the 
relevant credit rating agency entity(ies) and associated 
defined terms].  Each of [defined terms] is established in the 
European Union and is registered under Regulation (EC) No. 
1060/2009 (as amended) (the CRA Regulation).  The list of 
registered and certified rating agencies is published by the 
European Securities and Markets Authority on its website 
(http://www.esma.europa.eu/page/List-registered-and-
certified-CRAs) 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
CRA 
Regulation.]/[Not Applicable.] 
[Need to include a brief explanation of the ratings if this has 
previously been published by the rating provider.] 
(The above disclosure should reflect the rating allocated to 
Covered Bonds of the type being issued under the Programme 
generally or, where the issue has been specifically rated, that 
rating.) 
3. 
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUES 
[Save for the fees [of [insert relevant fee disclosure]] payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as 
the Bank is aware, no person involved in the issue of the Covered Bonds has an interest material to 
the offer.]  The [Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, 
in investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform other services 
for, the Bank and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business.] [Amend as appropriate if there are 
other interests] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute "significant new factors" and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Base Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4. 
REASONS FOR THE OFFER, ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS AND EXPENSES 
RELATING TO ADMISSION TO TRADING 
(i) 
Reasons for the offer 
[General 
Corporate 
Purposes]/[Green 
Covered 
Bonds]/[description of the reasons for the offer if not “General 
Corporate Purposes” or “Green Covered Bonds”]  
 
(ii) 
Estimated net amount of 
the proceeds 
[   ] 
 
(iii) 
Estimated 
expenses 
relating to the admission to 
trading 
[   ]/[Not Applicable]  
5. 
YIELD (Fixed Rate Covered Bonds only) 
Indication of yield: 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
6. 
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION 
(i) 
ISIN Code: 
[           ]

--- Page 47 ---
40 
 
 
(ii) 
Common Code: 
[           ] 
(iii) 
CFI: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(iv) 
FISN: 
[[See/[[include code], as updated, as set out on the website of 
the Association of National Numbering Agencies (ANNA) or 
alternatively 
sourced 
from 
the 
responsible 
National 
Numbering 
Agency 
that 
assigned 
the 
ISIN]/[Not 
Applicable]/[Not Available] 
(v) 
Any 
clearing 
system(s) 
other 
than 
Clearstream 
Luxembourg 
[,/and], 
Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. 
and 
the 
relevant 
address(es) 
and 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s), address(es) and identification 
number(s)] 
(vi) 
Delivery: 
Delivery [free of/against] payment 
(vii) 
Names and addresses of 
additional Paying Agent(s) 
(if any): 
[           ]/[Not Applicable] 
(viii) 
Intended to be held in a 
manner which would allow 
Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes.  Note that the designation "yes" simply means that the 
Covered Bonds are intended upon issue to be deposited with 
one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and does not 
necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will be recognised as 
eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra-
day credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon issue or 
at any or all times during their life.  Such recognition will 
depend upon the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria have been met.]/ 
[No.  Whilst the designation is specified as "no" at the date of 
these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem eligibility criteria be 
amended in the future such that the Covered Bonds are capable 
of meeting them the Covered Bonds may then be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper.  Note that this 
does not necessarily mean that the Covered Bonds will then be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem monetary 
policy and intraday credit operations by the Eurosystem at any 
time during their life.  Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.] 
7. 
DISTRIBUTION 
(i) 
Method of distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) 
If syndicated, names of 
Managers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) 
Date 
of 
Subscription 
Agreement: 
[Not Applicable/insert date] 
(iv) 
Stabilisation 
Manager(s) 
(if any): 
[Not Applicable/give name and address]

--- Page 48 ---
41 
 
 
(v) 
If non-syndicated, name of 
relevant Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give name] 
(vi) 
U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
[[Reg. S Compliance Category [1/2/3]; TEFRA D/TEFRA 
C/TEFRA not applicable]] 
 
(vii) 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be prepared in 
the EEA, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(viii) 
Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If the Covered Bonds clearly do not constitute “packaged” 
products or the Covered Bonds do constitute “packaged” 
products and a key information document will be prepared in 
the UK, “Not Applicable” should be specified. If the Covered 
Bonds may constitute “packaged” products and no key 
information document will be prepared, “Applicable” should 
be specified.) 
 
(ix) 
Prohibition of Sales to 
Belgian Consumers: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]

--- Page 49 ---
42 
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The following are the terms and conditions of the Covered Bonds which will be incorporated by reference into, 
and will form part of, each Global Covered Bond (as defined below).  The applicable Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) will be endorsed upon, or attached to, each Global Covered Bond.  Reference 
should be made to "Form of the Covered Bonds" for a description of the content of Final Terms which will 
specify which of such terms are to apply in relation to the relevant Covered Bonds. 
The Covered Bonds are mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) issued by ING Bank Hipoteczny 
Spółka Akcyjna (the Bank), a joint-stock company with its registered office in Katowice, Poland, at ul. 
Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, registered in the register of entrepreneurs of the National Court Register 
maintained by the District Court Katowice-Wschód in Katowice, VIII Commercial Division of the National 
Court Register, under number 0000723965, with the fully paid-up share capital of PLN 210,000,000, NIP 
number 205-000-51-99, with the corporate website www.inghipoteczny.pl pursuant to the resolution of the 
Supervisory Board of the Bank No. 23/4/2019 dated 9 May 2019 and the Agency Agreement (as defined below). 
The place of issue of the Covered Bonds is Luxembourg. 
References herein to the Covered Bonds shall be references to the Covered Bonds of the relevant Tranche and 
shall mean: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a global Covered Bond (a Global Covered Bond), 
units of each Specified Denomination in the Specified Currency; and 
(b) 
any Global Covered Bond. 
The Covered Bonds have the benefit of an amended and restated Agency Agreement (such Agency Agreement 
as amended and/or supplemented and/or restated from time to time, the Agency Agreement) dated 2 December 
2021 and made between the Bank and Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as principal paying agent (the Agent, 
which expression shall include any successor agent) and the other paying agents named therein (together with 
the Agent, the Paying Agents, which expression shall include any additional or successor paying agents). 
The final terms for the Covered Bonds (or the relevant provisions thereof) are set out in the Final Terms attached 
to or endorsed on the Global Covered Bond pertaining thereto, which complete these terms and conditions of 
the Covered Bonds (the Conditions).  References to the applicable Final Terms are to the Final Terms (or the 
relevant provisions thereof) attached to or endorsed on the Global Covered Bond for the relevant Covered 
Bonds. 
The Global Covered Bonds do not have interest coupons attached on issue. 
Any reference to Covered Bond Holders or Holders in relation to any Covered Bonds shall mean the holders 
of the Covered Bonds and shall, in relation to any Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond, be 
construed as provided below.   
As used herein, Tranche means Covered Bonds which are identical in all respects (including as to listing and 
admission to trading) and Series means a Tranche of Covered Bonds together with any further Tranche or 
Tranches of Covered Bonds which are (a) expressed to be consolidated and form a single series and (b) identical 
in all respects (including as to listing and admission to trading) except for their respective Issue Dates, Interest 
Commencement Dates and/or Issue Prices. 
Copies of the Agency Agreement (i) are available for inspection or collection during normal business hours at 
the specified office of each of the Paying Agents or (ii) may be provided by email to a Holder following their 
prior written request to any Paying Agents and provision of proof of holding and identity (in a form satisfactory 
to the relevant Paying Agent}.  Copies of the applicable Final Terms are available for viewing at the registered 
office of the Bank and of the Agent and copies may be obtained from those offices  save that, if the Covered 
Bonds are neither admitted to trading on a regulated market in the European Economic Area nor offered in the 
European Economic Area in circumstances where a prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus 
Regulation, the applicable Final Terms will only be obtainable by a Covered Bond Holder holding one or more 
Covered Bonds and such Covered Bond Holder must produce evidence satisfactory to the Bank and the relevant 
Paying Agent as to its holding of such Covered Bonds and identity.  If the Covered Bonds are to be admitted to

--- Page 50 ---
43 
 
 
trading on the regulated market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, the applicable Final Terms will be 
published on the website of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (www.bourse.lu).  Words and expressions used 
in the applicable Final Terms shall have the same meanings where used in the Conditions unless the context 
otherwise requires or unless otherwise stated.  In the Conditions, euro means the currency introduced at the 
start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the Treaty on the Functioning of 
the European Union, as amended. 
1. 
FORM, DENOMINATION AND TITLE 
The Covered Bonds are in bearer form and are serially numbered, in the currency (the Specified 
Currency) and in the denominations for each Series (the Specified Denomination(s)) specified in the 
applicable Final Terms.  Covered Bonds of one Specified Denomination may not be exchanged for 
Covered Bonds of another Specified Denomination. 
The Covered Bonds may be Fixed Rate Covered Bonds or Floating Rate Covered Bonds or a 
combination of any of the foregoing, depending upon the Interest Basis and the determination in Change 
of Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms.  Alternatively, the Covered Bonds may be Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds depending upon the Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms. 
Subject as set out below, title to the Covered Bonds is effected by agreement on the transfer among the 
relevant parties and by delivery or otherwise in accordance with any applicable laws and regulations 
including the rules of any relevant Clearing System. 
The Bank and the Paying Agents will (except as otherwise required by law) deem and treat the Holder 
of any Covered Bond as the absolute owner thereof (whether or not overdue and notwithstanding any 
notice of ownership or writing thereon or notice of any previous loss or theft thereof) for all purposes 
but without prejudice to the provisions set out in the next succeeding paragraph. 
The applicable Final Terms will specify whether the Covered Bonds will be issued in new global note 
form.   
The applicable Final Terms will specify the initial Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Tranche 
and, in the event of a further Tranche to be consolidated with an existing Tranche or Tranches, the 
Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds.   
The Aggregate Nominal Amount of the relevant Series of Covered Bonds represented by the Temporary 
Global Covered Bond(s) and the Permanent Global Covered Bond(s) shall be the aggregate nominal 
amount from time to time entered in the records of Euroclear Bank S.A./N.V. (Euroclear) and/or 
Clearstream Banking, société anonyme (Clearstream, Luxembourg).  The records of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg (which expression means the records that of Euroclear or of Clearstream, 
Luxembourg holds for its customers which reflect the amount of such customer's interest in the Covered 
Bonds) shall be conclusive evidence of the aggregate nominal amount of the Covered Bonds represented 
by the Temporary Global Covered Bond and the Permanent Global Covered Bond and, for these 
purposes, a statement issued by a Euroclear or by Clearstream, Luxembourg stating the aggregate 
nominal amount of the Covered Bonds so represented at any time shall be conclusive evidence of the 
records of Euroclear or of Clearstream, Luxembourg at that time. 
2. 
STATUS OF THE COVERED BONDS 
The Covered Bonds are direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank and rank pari 
passu among themselves.  The Covered Bonds are covered in accordance with the Polish Act dated 29 
August 1997 on Covered Bonds and Mortgage Banks (Ustawa z dnia 29 sierpnia 1997 r. o listach 
zastawnych i bankach hipotecznych, the Polish Covered Bonds Act) and rank pari passu with all other 
unsubordinated present and future obligations of the Bank which have the same status as the Covered 
Bonds under the Polish Covered Bonds Act. 
3. 
INTEREST 
The applicable Final Terms determine whether the Covered Bonds of a given Series are Fixed Rate 
Covered Bonds, Floating Rate Covered Bonds, or any combination thereof (depending upon the Interest

--- Page 51 ---
44 
 
 
Basis and the determination in Change of Interest Basis shown in the applicable Final Terms), or Zero 
Coupon Covered Bonds. 
(a) 
Interest on Fixed Rate Covered Bonds 
Each Fixed Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest Commencement Date 
at the rate(s) per annum equal to the Rate(s) of Interest.  Interest will be payable in arrear on the Interest 
Payment Date(s) in each year up to (and including) the Maturity Date, subject to Condition 5(c) (in 
which case it shall be paid until the Extended Maturity Date or Additionally Extended Maturity Date, 
as the case may be). 
Except as provided in the applicable Final Terms, the amount of interest payable on each Interest 
Payment Date in respect of the Fixed Interest Period ending on (but excluding) such date will amount 
to the Fixed Coupon Amount.  Fixed Coupon Amounts are calculated by applying the Rate of Interest 
to the aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by a Global 
Covered Bond and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit 
being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention.  Payments of 
interest on any Interest Payment Date will, if so specified in the applicable Final Terms, amount to the 
Broken Amount so specified. 
As used in the Conditions, Fixed Interest Period means the period from (and including) an Interest 
Payment Date (or, in case of the first interest period, the Interest Commencement Date) to (but 
excluding) the next Interest Payment Date. 
If interest is required to be calculated for a period other than a Fixed Interest Period such interest shall 
be calculated in respect of such period by applying the Rate of Interest to the aggregate outstanding 
nominal amount of the Fixed Rate Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered Bond and 
multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the resultant figure to the 
nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-unit being rounded upwards 
or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance with 
this Condition 3: 
(i) 
if "Actual/Actual (ICMA)" is specified in the applicable Final Terms: 
(A) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the number of days in the relevant period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (the Accrual 
Period) is equal to or shorter than the Determination Period during which the Accrual 
Period ends, the number of days in such Accrual Period divided by the product of: (I) 
the number of days in such Determination Period; and (II) the number of Determination 
Dates (as specified in the applicable Final Terms) that would occur in one calendar 
year; or 
(B) 
in the case of Covered Bonds where the Accrual Period is longer than the 
Determination Period during which the Accrual Period ends, the sum of: (I) the number 
of days in such Accrual Period falling in the Determination Period in which the Accrual 
Period begins divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such Determination 
Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in one calendar 
year; and (II) the number of days in such Accrual Period falling in the next 
Determination Period divided by the product of (x) the number of days in such 
Determination Period and (y) the number of Determination Dates that would occur in 
one calendar year; 
(ii) 
if "30/360" is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in the period from 
(and including) the most recent Interest Payment Date (or, if none, the Interest Commencement 
Date) to (but excluding) the relevant payment date (such number of days being calculated on 
the basis of a year of 360 days with 12 30-day months) divided by 360.

--- Page 52 ---
45 
 
 
In these Conditions: 
Determination Period means each period from (and including) a Determination Date to (but 
excluding) the next Determination Date (including, where either the Interest Commencement Date or 
the final Interest Payment Date is not a Determination Date, the period commencing on the first 
Determination Date prior to, and ending on the first Determination Date falling after, such date); and 
sub-unit means, with respect to any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that 
is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, with respect to euro, one cent. 
(b) 
Interest on Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
(i) 
Interest Payment Dates 
Each Floating Rate Covered Bond bears interest from (and including) the Interest 
Commencement Date and such interest will be payable in arrear on either: 
(A) 
the Specified Interest Payment Date(s) in each year specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; or 
(B) 
if no Specified Interest Payment Date(s) is/are specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
each date (each such date, together with each Specified Interest Payment Date, an 
Interest Payment Date) which falls the number of months or other period specified as 
the Specified Period in the applicable Final Terms after the preceding Interest Payment 
Date or, in the case of the first Interest Payment Date, after the Interest Commencement 
Date. 
Such interest will be payable in respect of each Interest Period.  In the Conditions, Interest 
Period means the period from (and including) an Interest Payment Date (or the Interest 
Commencement Date) to (but excluding) the next (or first) Interest Payment Date. 
If a Business Day Convention is specified in the applicable Final Terms and (x) if there is no 
numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which an Interest Payment Date should 
occur or (y) if any Interest Payment Date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business 
Day, then, if the Business Day Convention specified is: 
(A) 
in any case where Specified Periods are specified in accordance with Condition 
3(b)(i)(B) above, the Floating Rate Convention, such Interest Payment Date (a) in the 
case of (x) above, shall be the last day that is a Business Day in the relevant month and 
the provisions of (ii) below shall apply mutatis mutandis or (b) in the case of (y) above, 
shall be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall 
into the next calendar month, in which event (i) such Interest Payment Date shall be 
brought forward to the immediately preceding Business Day and (ii) each subsequent 
Interest Payment Date shall be the last Business Day in the month which falls the 
Specified Period after the preceding applicable Interest Payment Date occurred; or 
(B) 
the Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be 
postponed to the next day which is a Business Day; or 
(C) 
the Modified Following Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall 
be postponed to the next day which is a Business Day unless it would thereby fall into 
the next calendar month, in which event such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day; or 
(D) 
the Preceding Business Day Convention, such Interest Payment Date shall be brought 
forward to the immediately preceding Business Day. 
In the Conditions, Business Day means a day which is: 
(A) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and 
are open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign 
currency deposits) in Luxembourg and each Relevant Business Centre specified in the 
applicable Final Terms;

--- Page 53 ---
46 
 
 
(B) 
either (i) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day 
on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are 
open for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency 
deposits) in the principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified 
Currency or (ii) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the Trans-
European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer (TARGET2) 
System (the TARGET2 System) is open; and 
(C) 
a day on which Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are offsetting money and 
securities transfers. 
(ii) 
Rate of Interest 
The Rate of Interest payable from time to time in respect of Floating Rate Covered Bonds will 
be determined in the manner specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(A) 
ISDA Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where ISDA Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will be the 
relevant ISDA Rate plus or minus (as indicated in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if 
any).  For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), ISDA Rate for an Interest Period means a rate 
equal to the Floating Rate that would be determined by the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable, under an interest rate swap transaction if the Agent or the Calculation Agent, as 
applicable,  were acting as Calculation Agent (as defined in the ISDA Definitions (as defined 
below)) for that swap transaction under the terms of an agreement incorporating (i) if “2006 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the 2006 ISDA Definitions, as 
published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. (ISDA) and as amended 
and updated as at the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; or (ii) if “2021 
ISDA Definitions” is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the latest version of the 2021 
ISDA Interest Rate Derivatives Definitions  as published by ISDA as at the Issue Date of the 
first Tranche of the Covered Bonds; (together, the ISDA Definitions) and under which: 
(1) 
the Floating Rate Option is as specified in the applicable Final Terms; 
(2) 
the Designated Maturity, if applicable, is a period specified in the applicable Final 
Terms; 
(3) 
the relevant Reset Date is the day specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(A) 
if the Floating Rate Option is an Overnight Floating Rate Option, the Overnight Rate 
Compounding Method is one of the following as specified in the applicable Final 
Terms: 
(a) 
Compounding with Lookback; 
(b) 
Compounding with Observation Period Shift; 
(c) 
Compounding with Lockout; or 
(d) 
IOS Compounding. 
In connection with the Overnight Rate Compounding Method, references in the ISDA 
Definitions to numbers or other items specified in the relevant confirmation shall be deemed to 
be references to the numbers or other items specified for such purpose in the applicable Final 
Terms. 
For the purposes of this subparagraph (A), Floating Rate, Floating Rate Option,  Designated 
Maturity, Reset Date, Overnight Floating Rate Option, Overnight Rate Compounding 
Method, Compounding with Lookback, Compounding with Observation Period Shift,

--- Page 54 ---
47 
 
 
Compounding with Lockout and OIS Compounding have the meanings given to those terms 
in the ISDA Definitions. 
(B) 
Screen Rate Determination for Floating Rate Covered Bonds 
Where Screen Rate Determination is specified in the applicable Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, the Rate of Interest for each Interest Period will, 
subject as provided below, be either: 
(1) 
the offered quotation; or 
(2) 
the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place, with 0.000005 
being rounded upwards) of the offered quotations, 
(expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate (being either EURIBOR or 
WIBOR, as specified in the applicable Final Terms) which appears or appear, as the case may 
be, on the Relevant Screen Page (or such replacement page on that service which displays the 
information) as at 11.00 am (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 11.00 am (Warsaw 
time in the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question plus or minus (as 
specified in the applicable Final Terms) the Margin (if any), all as determined by the Agent.  If 
five or more of such offered quotations are available on the Relevant Screen Page, the highest 
(or, if there is more than one such highest quotation, one only of such quotations) and the lowest 
(or, if there is more than one such lowest quotation, one only of such quotations) shall be 
disregarded by the Agent for the purpose of determining the arithmetic mean (rounded as 
provided above) of such offered quotations. 
In the event that the Relevant Screen Page is not available or if, in the case of (1) above, no 
such offered quotation appears or, in the case of (2) above, fewer than three such offered 
quotations appear, in each case as at the time specified in the preceding paragraph, the Bank 
and/or an agent appointed by the Bank shall request each of the Reference Banks to provide its 
offered quotation (expressed as a percentage rate per annum) for the Reference Rate at 
approximately 11.00 am (Brussels time, in the case of EURIBOR) or 11.00 am (Warsaw time 
in the case of WIBOR) on the Interest Determination Date in question.  If two or more of the 
Reference Banks provide the offered quotations, the Rate of Interest for the Interest Period shall 
be the arithmetic mean (rounded if necessary to the fifth decimal place with 0.000005 being 
rounded upwards) of the offered quotations plus or minus (as appropriate) the Margin (if any), 
all as determined by the Bank and/or an agent appointed by the Bank.   
As used herein, Reference Banks means the principal office of the bank or banks specified as 
such in the Final Terms or such other prime bank or banks as may be appointed as such by the 
Agent after consultation with the Bank. 
If on any Interest Determination Date only one of the Reference Banks provides the Agent with 
a quotation as provided in the foregoing provisions of this paragraph, the Rate of Interest shall 
be the sum of the relevant quotation (rounded, if necessary, to the nearest 0.001 per cent (0.0005 
per cent. being rounded upwards)) and the Margin (as applicable), all as determined by the 
Agent. 
If on any Interest Determination Date none of the Reference Banks provides the Agent with a 
quotation, the Rate of Interest shall be (i) the rate determined on the previous Interest 
Determination Date (if any) or (ii) if there is no such previous Interest Determination Date, the 
Rate of Interest in the last preceding Interest Period, in each case, substituting, where a different 
margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which applied to the last 
preceding Interest Period, the margin relating to the relevant Interest Period in place of the 
margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period. 
(iii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest and/or Maximum Rate of Interest 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Minimum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, then, 
in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in accordance

--- Page 55 ---
48 
 
 
with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) above is less than such Minimum Rate of Interest, the 
Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Minimum Rate of Interest. 
If the applicable Final Terms specifies a Maximum Rate of Interest for any Interest Period, 
then, in the event that the Rate of Interest in respect of such Interest Period determined in 
accordance with the provisions of Condition 3(b)(ii) above is greater than such Maximum Rate 
of Interest, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be such Maximum Rate of Interest. 
(iv) 
Determination of Rate of Interest and calculation of Interest Amounts 
The Agent, in the case of Floating Rate Covered Bonds, will at, or as soon as practicable after 
each time at which the Rate of Interest is to be determined, determine the Rate of Interest for 
the relevant Interest Period. 
The Agent will calculate the amount of interest (the Interest Amount) payable on the Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds for the relevant Interest Period by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
aggregate outstanding nominal amount of the Covered Bonds represented by a Global Covered 
Bond and multiplying such sum by the applicable Day Count Fraction, and rounding the 
resultant figure to the nearest sub-unit of the relevant Specified Currency, half of any such sub-
unit being rounded upwards or otherwise in accordance with applicable market convention. 
Day Count Fraction means, in respect of the calculation of an amount of interest in accordance 
with this Condition 3(b): 
(A) 
if Actual/Actual (ISDA) or Actual/Actual is specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
the actual number of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of 
that Interest Period falls in a leap year, the sum of (I) the actual number of days in that 
portion of the Interest Period falling in a leap year divided by 366 and (II) the actual 
number of days in that portion of the Interest Period falling in a non-leap year divided 
by 365); 
(B) 
if Actual/365 (Fixed) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of 
days in the Interest Period divided by 365; 
(C) 
if Actual/365 (Sterling) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 365 or, in the case of an Interest Payment Date 
falling in a leap year, 366; 
(D) 
if Actual/360 is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the actual number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360; 
(E) 
if 30/360, 360/360 or Bond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
 =
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number is 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and

--- Page 56 ---
49 
 
 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1 is greater than 
29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(F) 
if 30E/360 or Eurobond Basis is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number 
of days in the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
=
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless such 
number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless such number would be 31, in which case D2 will 
be 30; 
(G) 
if 30E/360 (ISDA) is specified in the applicable Final Terms, the number of days in 
the Interest Period divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
360
)
1
D
2
(D
)]
1
M
2
(M
[30
)]
1
Y
2
(Y
[360
 =
Fraction
Count 
Day 







 
where: 
Y1 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest Period falls; 
Y2 is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following the last 
day of the Interest Period falls; 
M1 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Interest 
Period falls; 
M2 is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day of the Interest Period falls; 
D1 is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Interest Period, unless (i) 
that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D1 
will be 30; and 
D2 is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last day 
included in the Interest Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of February but not the 
Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which case D2 will be 30. 
(v) 
Linear Interpolation 
Where Linear Interpolation is specified in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable Final 
Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Agent by straight 
line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Reference Rate (where 
Screen Rate Determination is specified as applicable in the applicable Final Terms) or the 
relevant Floating Rate Option (where ISDA Determination is specified as applicable in the

--- Page 57 ---
50 
 
 
applicable Final Terms), one of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next than shorter than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period and the other of which shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were 
the period of time for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant 
Interest Period provided however that if there is no rate available for a period of time next 
shorter or, as the case may be, next longer, then the Agent shall determine such rate at such 
time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate. 
Designated Maturity means, in relation to Screen Rate Determination, the period of time 
designated in the Reference Rate. 
(vi) 
Notification of Rate of Interest and Interest Amounts 
The Agent will cause the Rate of Interest and each Interest Amount for each Interest Period and 
the relevant Interest Payment Date to be notified to the Bank and any stock exchange on which 
the relevant Floating Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed (by no later than the first 
day of each Interest Period) and notice thereof to be published in accordance with Condition 9 
as soon as possible after their determination but in no event later than the fourth Luxembourg 
Business Day thereafter.  Each Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date so notified may 
subsequently be amended (or appropriate alternative arrangements made by way of adjustment) 
without prior notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the Interest Period.  Any such 
amendment will promptly be notified to each stock exchange on which the relevant Floating 
Rate Covered Bonds are for the time being listed and to the Covered Bond Holders in 
accordance with Condition 9.  For the purposes of this paragraph, the expression Luxembourg 
Business Day means a day (other than a Saturday or a Sunday) on which banks and foreign 
exchange markets are open for general business in Luxembourg. 
(vii) 
Certificates to be final 
All certificates, communications, opinions, determinations, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of the provisions of this 
Condition 3(b) by the Agent, shall (in the absence of wilful default, bad faith or manifest error) 
be binding on the Bank, the Agent, the other Paying Agents and all Covered Bond Holders and 
(in the absence of wilful default or bad faith) no liability to the Bank or the Covered Bond 
Holders shall attach to the Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its 
powers, duties and discretions pursuant to such provisions. 
(viii) 
Accrual of interest 
Each Covered Bond (or in the case of the redemption of part only of a Covered Bond, that part 
only of such Covered Bond) will cease to bear interest (if any) from the date for its redemption 
unless payment of principal is improperly withheld or refused or unless default is otherwise 
made in respect of payment.  In such event, interest will continue to accrue at a level specified 
under the provisions of the Polish Civil Code dated 23 April 1964 (Ustawa z dnia 23 kwietnia 
1964 r. Kodeks cywilny, the Civil Code) until whichever is the earlier of: 
(A) 
the date on which all amounts due in respect of such Covered Bond have been paid; 
and 
(B) 
five days after the date on which the full amount of the moneys payable in respect of 
such Covered Bond has been received by the Agent and notice to that effect has been 
given to the Holders in accordance with Condition 9. 
(ix) 
Benchmark discontinuation 
Notwithstanding the provisions above in this Condition 3(b), if a Benchmark Event occurs in 
relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of Interest (or any component part 
thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original Reference Rate, then the 
following provisions shall apply: 
(A) 
Independent Adviser

--- Page 58 ---
51 
 
 
The Bank shall use its reasonable endeavours to appoint an Independent Adviser, as 
soon as reasonably practicable, to advise the Bank in determining a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 3(b)(ix)(B)) and, in 
either case, an Adjustment Spread and any Benchmark Amendments (in accordance 
with Condition 3(b)(ix)(D)) for purposes of determining the Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) applicable to the Covered Bonds for all future Interest 
Periods (subject to the subsequent operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)).  In making 
such determination, the Bank shall act in good faith as an expert.  In the absence of 
fraud, the Independent Adviser shall have no liability whatsoever to the Bank, the 
Agent or the Holders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the 
Bank in connection with any determination made by the Bank, pursuant to this 
Condition 3(b)(ix). 
If the Bank is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser in accordance with this 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(A), the Bank, acting in good faith, may still determine (i) a 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and (ii) in either case, an Adjustment Spread and/or 
any Benchmark Amendments in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ix) (with the 
relevant provisions in this Condition 3(b)(ix) applying mutatis mutandis to allow such 
determinations to be made by the Bank without consultation with an Independent 
Adviser). Where this Condition 3(b)(ix) applies, without prejudice to the definitions 
thereof, for the purposes of determining any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, 
Adjustment Spread and/or Benchmark Amendments (as the case may be), the Bank 
will take into account any relevant and applicable market precedents and customary 
market usage as well as any published guidance from relevant associations involved in 
the establishment of market standards and/or protocols in the international debt capital 
markets. 
For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Agents shall be obliged to monitor or inquire 
whether a Benchmark Event has occurred or have any liability in respect thereof. 
(B) 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
If the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines that: 
(I) 
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate and the applicable 
Adjustment Spread shall subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant 
component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the 
Covered Bonds (subject to the operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)); or 
(II) 
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then 
such Alternative Rate and the applicable Adjustment Spread shall 
subsequently be used in place of the Original Reference Rate to 
determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Covered Bonds (subject to 
the operation of this Condition 3(b)(ix)).  
(C) 
Adjustment Spread 
If a Successor Rate or Alternative Rate is determined in accordance with this Condition 
3(b)(ix), the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Advisor, shall 
determine an Adjustment Spread (which may be expressed as a specified quantum of, 
or a formula or methodology for determining, such Adjustment Spread), which 
Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) for each subsequent determination of a relevant Rate of Interest (or a 
relevant component part thereof) by reference to such Successor Rate or Alternative 
Rate (as applicable). 
(D) 
Benchmark Amendments

--- Page 59 ---
52 
 
 
if any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread and (in either case) the 
applicable Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with this Condition 3(b)(ix) 
and the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines (i) that 
amendments to these Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure 
the proper operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment 
Spread (such amendments, the Benchmark Amendments) and (ii) the terms of the 
Benchmark Amendments, then the Bank may also, following consultation with the 
Agent (or the person specified in the applicable Final Terms as the party responsible 
for calculating the Rate of Interest and the Interest Amount(s)), take necessary action 
to effect such Benchmark Amendments (and for the avoidance of doubt, the Agent 
shall, at the direction and expense of the Bank, consent to and effect such consequential 
amendments to the Agency Agreement and these Conditions as may be required in 
order to give effect to this Condition 3(b)(ix)). No Holder consent shall be required in 
connection with effecting such Benchmark Amendments. 
(E) 
Notices, etc. 
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of 
any Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 3(b)(ix) will be notified 
promptly by the Bank to the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents in 
accordance with Condition 9.  
No later than notifying the Agent of the same, the Bank shall deliver to the Agent a 
certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Bank: 
(I) 
confirming (i) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (ii) the Successor 
Rate or, as the case may be, the Alternative Rate, (iii) the applicable 
Adjustment Spread and (iv) the specific terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any), in each case as determined in accordance with 
the provisions of this Condition 3(b)(ix); and 
(II) 
certifying that the Benchmark Amendments (if any) are necessary to 
ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate 
and (in either case) the applicable Adjustment Spread. 
The Agent shall be entitled to rely on such certificate (without liability to any person) 
as sufficient evidence thereof. The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the 
Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark Amendments (if any) specified in such 
certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad faith in the determination of the 
Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) and without prejudice to the Agent's ability to rely on such 
certificate as aforesaid) be binding on the Bank, the Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents and the Holders. 
(F) 
Survival of Original Reference Rate 
Without prejudice to the obligations of the Bank under Condition 3(b)(ix) (A), (B), (C) 
and (D), the Original Reference Rate and the fallback provisions provided for in 
Condition 3(b)(iv) will continue to apply unless and until the Agent has been notified 
of the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be), any Adjustment 
Spread (if applicable) and Benchmark Amendments (if applicable), in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(E). 
(G) 
Instructions to the Agents 
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 3(b)(ix), if in the Agent’s 
opinion there is any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 3(b)(ix), the Agent shall 
promptly notify the Bank and/or the Independent Adviser thereof and the Bank shall

--- Page 60 ---
53 
 
 
direct the Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt.  If the 
Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make 
such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Bank and/or the 
Independent Adviser (as the case may be) thereof and Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability 
for not doing so. 
(H) 
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 3(b)(ix): 
Adjustment Spread means either (a) a spread (which may be positive, negative or 
zero) or (b) a formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in each case to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic 
prejudice or benefit (as the case may be) to Holders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the 
case may be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which: 
(I) 
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation 
to the replacement of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor 
Rate by any Relevant Nominating Body; or  
(II) 
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an 
Alternative Rate) the Bank, following consultation with the 
Independent Adviser, determines, is customarily applied to the 
relevant Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) 
in international debt capital markets transactions to produce an 
industry-accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or  
(III) 
(if the Bank determines that no such spread is customarily applied)the 
Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser, 
determines to be appropriate. 
Alternative Rate means an alternative to the Reference Rate which the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser, determines in accordance with 
Condition 3(b)(ix)(B) is customary applied in the international debt capital markets 
transactions for the purposes of determining rates of interest (or the relevant component 
part thereof) in the same Specified Currency as the Covered Bonds or, if the Bank, 
following consultation with the Independent Adviser,  determines there is no such rate, 
such other rate as the Bank, following consultation with the Independent Adviser,  
determines is most comparable to the relevant Reference Rate. 
Benchmark Amendments has the meaning given to it in Condition 3(b)(ix)(D). 
Benchmark Event means: 
(I) 
the Original Reference Rate ceasing to be published for a period of at least 5 
Business Days or ceasing to exist; or 
(II) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the administrator or an 
insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator of the Original 
Reference Rate that it will, on or before a specified date, cease publishing the 
Original Reference Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where 
no successor administrator has been appointed that will continue publication 
of the Original Reference Rate) and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the 
date specified in (i) above; or

--- Page 61 ---
54 
 
 
(III) 
the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the 
Original Reference Rate, that the Original Reference Rate has been or will be 
permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or 
(IV) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that the Original Reference Rate 
will, on or before a specified date, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) above; 
(V) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate that means the Original Reference 
Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use will be subject to 
restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case on or before a specified date 
and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date specified in (i) aboive; or 
(VI) 
it has, or will prior to the next Interest Determination Date become unlawful 
for any Paying Agent, Calculation Agent, the Bank or other party to calculate 
any payments due to be made to any Holder of the Covered Bonds using the 
Original Reference Rate (including, without limitation, under the Benchmarks 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, if applicable); or 
(VII) 
the later of (i) the making of a public statement by the supervisor of the 
administrator of the Original Reference Rate announcing that such Original 
Reference Rate will, on or before a specified date, no longer be representative 
or may no longer be used and (ii) the date falling six months prior to the date 
specified in (i) above. 
Independent Adviser means an independent financial institution of international 
repute or an independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise appointed by the 
Bank under Condition 3(b)(ix)(A). 
Original Reference Rate means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on 
the Bank. 
Relevant Nominating Body means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable): 
(I) 
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, or any central bank or other supervisory 
authority which is responsible for supervising the administrator of the 
benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(II) 
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired 
by or constituted at the request of (a) the central bank for the currency 
to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) relates, (b) any 
central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (c) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other 
supervisory authorities or (d) the Financial Stability Board or any part 
thereof. 
Successor Rate means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate 
which is formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body.

--- Page 62 ---
55 
 
 
(c) 
Interest Rates Positive 
Unless specified otherwise in the applicable Final Terms, the rate of interest payable in respect of the 
Covered Bonds shall never be less than zero.  If the method for determining a rate of interest applicable 
to the Covered Bonds would result in a negative figure, the applicable rate of interest would be zero. 
(d) 
No Periodic Payments of Interest on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
There will be no periodic payments of interest on any Zero Coupon Covered Bonds. 
4. 
PAYMENTS 
(a) 
Method of payment 
Subject as provided below, Holders will receive payments as follows: 
(i) 
payments in a Specified Currency other than euro will be made by credit or transfer to an 
account in the relevant Specified Currency maintained by the Holder with a bank in the 
principal financial centre of the country of such Specified Currency; and 
(ii) 
payments in euro will be made by credit or transfer to a euro account (or any other account to 
which euro may be credited or transferred) specified by the Holder. 
Payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and regulations applicable thereto in 
the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 6 and (ii) any withholding 
or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the 
Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, official interpretations thereof, or any law 
implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
(b) 
Payments 
Payments of principal and interest (if any) in respect of Covered Bonds will (subject as provided below) 
be made in the manner specified and otherwise in the manner specified in the relevant Global Covered 
Bond, where applicable, against presentation or surrender, as the case may be, of such Global Covered 
Bond at the specified office of any Paying Agent outside the United States.  A record of each payment 
distinguishing between any payment of principal and any payment of interest, will be made on such 
Global Covered Bond either by the Paying Agent to which it was presented or in the records of Euroclear 
and Clearstream, Luxembourg, as applicable. 
The holder of a Global Covered Bond shall be the only person entitled to receive payments in respect 
of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered Bond and the Bank will be discharged by 
payment to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond in respect of each amount so 
paid.  Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg as the 
beneficial holder of a particular nominal amount of Covered Bonds represented by such Global Covered 
Bond must look solely to Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the case may be, for his share of 
each payment so made by the Bank to, or to the order of, the holder of such Global Covered Bond. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Condition, if any amount of principal and/or interest 
in respect of Covered Bonds is payable in U.S. dollars, such U.S. dollar payments of principal and/or 
interest in respect of such Covered Bonds will be made at the specified office of a Paying Agent in the 
United States if: 
(i) 
the Bank has appointed Paying Agents with specified offices outside the United States with the 
reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents would be able to make payment in U.S. dollars 
at such specified offices outside the United States of the full amount of principal and interest 
on the Covered Bonds in the manner provided above when due; 
(ii) 
payment of the full amount of such principal and interest at all such specified offices outside 
the United States is illegal or effectively precluded by exchange controls or other similar 
restrictions on the full payment or receipt of principal and interest in U.S. dollars; and

--- Page 63 ---
56 
 
 
(iii) 
such payment is then permitted under United States law without involving, in the opinion of 
the Bank, adverse tax consequences to the Bank. 
(c) 
Payment Day 
If the date for payment of any amount in respect of any Covered Bond is not a Payment Day, the holder 
thereof shall not be entitled to payment until the next following Payment Day in the relevant place and 
shall not be entitled to further interest or other payment in respect of such delay.  For these purposes, 
Payment Day means any day which (subject to Condition 7) is: 
(i) 
a day on which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open 
for general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in 
each Relevant Financial Centre specified in the applicable Final Terms; and 
(ii) 
either (A) in relation to any sum payable in a Specified Currency other than euro, a day on 
which commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments and are open for 
general business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in the 
principal financial centre of the country of the relevant Specified Currency (which, if the 
Specified Currency is Australian dollars or New Zealand dollars, shall be Sydney and 
Auckland, respectively) or (B) in relation to any sum payable in euro, a day on which the 
TARGET2 System is open; and 
(iii) 
a day on which Clearstream, Luxembourg and Euroclear are effecting money and securities 
transfers. 
(d) 
Interpretation of principal and interest 
Any reference in the Conditions to principal in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable: 
(i) 
any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to principal under Condition 6; 
(ii) 
the Final Redemption Amount of the Covered Bonds; and 
(iii) 
any premium and any other amounts (other than interest) which may be payable by the Bank 
under or in respect of the Covered Bonds. 
Any reference in the Conditions to interest in respect of the Covered Bonds shall be deemed to include, 
as applicable, any additional amounts which may be payable with respect to interest under Condition 6. 
5. 
REDEMPTION AND PURCHASE 
(a) 
Redemption at maturity 
Subject to Condition 5(c) and Condition 5(g), unless previously redeemed or purchased and cancelled 
as specified below, each Covered Bond will be redeemed by the Bank at its Final Redemption Amount 
specified in the applicable Final Terms in the relevant Specified Currency on the Maturity Date 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(b) 
No redemption at the option of the Covered Bond Holders (Investor Put) 
The Covered Bond Holders are not entitled to request redemption of the Covered Bonds prior to the 
Maturity Date. 
(c) 
Redemption of the Covered Bonds in the event of the Bank's Bankruptcy 
(i) 
In these Conditions: 
Bankruptcy Event means the announcement of the bankruptcy of the Bank (ogłoszenie 
upadłości) by a Polish bankruptcy court in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law; 
Bankruptcy Receiver means the receiver (syndyk) appointed by the bankruptcy court in 
respect of the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law;

--- Page 64 ---
57 
 
 
Coverage Test means the coverage test (test równowagi pokrycia) as defined in the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act, performed by the Bankruptcy Receiver to determine whether the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy all of the Bank's obligations towards all holders 
of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full;  
Cover Pool Register means the cover pool register (rejestr zabezpieczenia listów zastawnych) 
maintained by the Bank in accordance with the provisions of the Polish Covered Bonds Act; 
Liquidity Test means the liquidity test (test płynności) as defined in the Polish Bankruptcy 
Law, performed by the Bankrupcy Receiver to determine whether the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account the maturity of all outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank extended by 12 months;  
Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale means the sale of a portion of the assets 
constituting the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy 
Law; 
Polish Accounting Act means the Polish Act dated 29 September 1994 on Accounting (Ustawa 
z dnia 29 września 1994 r. o rachunkowości); 
Polish Bankruptcy Law means the Polish Act dated 28 February 2003 Bankruptcy Law 
(Ustawa z dnia 28 lutego 2003 r. Prawo upadłościowe); 
Qualifying Hedging Instruments means hedging arrangements to which the Bank is a party 
which satisfy the conditions of the Polish Covered Bonds Act and the Polish Accounting Act;  
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool means a separate bankruptcy asset pool (osobna masa 
upadłości) of the Bank created on the date of the Bankruptcy Event to satisfy claims of all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank and counterparties to Qualifying 
Hedging Instruments; 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale means the sale of all of the assets constituting the 
Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool in accordance with the Polish Bankruptcy Law; and 
Underlying Receivables means the receivables which are the basis for the issuance of the 
covered bonds issued by the Bank. 
(ii) 
Upon the occurrence of a Bankruptcy Event, the maturity date of all covered bonds issued by 
the Bank shall be automatically extended by 12 months (the Extended Maturity Date). 
(iii) 
With respect to the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test to be conducted by the Bankruptcy 
Receiver within three months of the date of the Bankruptcy Event in accordance with the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act: 
(A) 
If the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test each confirm that the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full, the Bank's obligations towards 
the Covered Bond Holders shall be fulfilled in accordance with these Conditions and 
the applicable Final Terms taking into account the Extended Maturity Date and 
paragraph (iv) below. 
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bond Holders, together with the holders of all 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank may, not later than two months 
following the announcement of the results of the Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test 
by the Bankruptcy Receiver, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the 
aggregate nominal amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, instruct the 
Bankruptcy Receiver to conduct a Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale (a) to another 
mortgage bank, with the transfer of the obligations of the Bank under all of the 
outstanding covered bonds of the Bank in which case payments of principal and interest 
under the Covered Bonds will be made by the mortgage bank acquiring the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool or (b) to another mortgage bank or a bank, without such

--- Page 65 ---
58 
 
 
transfer, in which case payments of principal and interest under the Covered Bonds will 
be made by the Bankruptcy Receiver from the proceeds from the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool Sale. 
If the amount of proceeds received from the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale, less, 
with respect to all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
the aggregate amount of interest that will become due and payable 
within six months from the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale; and  
(II) 
the aggregate amount of principal and interest that had become due 
and payable prior to the date of the Bankruptcy Event but had not been 
paid prior to the date of Bankruptcy Event, 
is equivalent to at least 5 per cent of the aggregate principal amount of all outstanding 
covered bonds of the Bank, the Bankruptcy Receiver may, at his discretion, repay the 
principal under the Covered Bonds (provided that payments are made pro rata to all 
holders of outstanding covered bonds of the Bank, including the Covered Bond 
Holders, and counterparties to the Qualifying Hedging Instruments) earlier than on the 
Extended Maturity Date.  Such payment would be made on the next interest payment 
date, but in any event not earlier than 14 days after the date on which the decision of 
the judge-commissioner approving the Bankruptcy Receiver's report on the progress of 
the bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and binding.   
(B) 
If the Coverage Test confirms that the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool is sufficient to 
satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered bonds issued 
by the Bank in full, but the Liquidity Test fails to confirm that the Separate Bankruptcy 
Asset Pool is sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank in full taking into account the maturity 
of all outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank extended by 12 months, the 
Maturity Date of the Covered Bonds shall be extended by three years from the latest 
maturity date of an Underlying Receivable entered into the Cover Pool Register (the 
Additionally Extended Maturity Date). 
However, if the available funds in the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool, less, with 
respect to all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
the aggregate amount of interest that will become due and payable 
within six months from the date of the performance of the Coverage 
Balance Test; and 
(II) 
the costs of bankruptcy proceedings with respect to the Separate 
Bankruptcy Asset Pool indicated in the Bankruptcy Receiver's report, 
are equivalent to at least 5 per cent of the aggregate nominal value of the outstanding 
covered bonds issued by the Bank, payment of principal under the Covered Bonds shall 
be made on the next interest payment date falling at least 14 days after the date on 
which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the Bankruptcy Receiver's 
report on the progress of the bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and binding; 
provided that such payments of principal shall be made pro rata to all holders of 
covered bonds issued by the Bank (including the Covered Bond Holders) and 
counterparties to the Qualifying Hedging Instruments (the Pass-Through Procedure).   
Notwithstanding the above, the Covered Bond Holders, together with all holders of the 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank, may, not later than three months 
following the date of the announcement of the results of the Coverage Test and the 
Liquidity Test, by a vote of holders representing two-thirds of the aggregate nominal 
amount of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank: 
(I) 
disapply the Additionally Extended Maturity Date and the Pass-Through 
Procedure and revert to the Extended Maturity Date; or

--- Page 66 ---
59 
 
 
(II) 
instruct the Bankruptcy Receiver to conduct a Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool 
Sale or Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale to: 
a. 
another mortgage bank, with the transfer of the obligations of the Bank 
under all of the outstanding covered bonds of the Bank; 
b. 
a bank which is not a mortgage bank, without the transfer of the 
obligations of the Bank under all of the Bank's outstanding covered 
bonds, or 
c. 
an entity which is not a bank, with respect to assets the possession of 
which is not restricted to banks, without the transfer of the obligations 
of the Bank under all of the Bank's outstanding covered bonds,  
in which case principal and all interest under the Covered Bonds shall become 
immediately due and payable. 
(C) 
If the Coverage Test fails to confirm that the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool is 
sufficient to satisfy the Bank's obligations towards all holders of outstanding covered 
bonds issued by the Bank in full, paragraph (B) above shall apply (including the 
Additionally Extended Maturity Date); provided that the vote by the holders of the 
outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank on the Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool 
Sale or Partial Separate Bankruptcy Asset Pool Sale referred in paragraph (B) above 
may occur at any time following the announcement of the results of the Coverage 
Balance Test. 
(iv) 
Irrespective of the results of the Coverage Test and Liquidity Test, following the date of the 
Bankruptcy Event, any interest under the Covered Bonds shall be calculated on the basis of, 
and payable in the manner and on the dates indicated in the Conditions and the applicable Final 
Terms. 
(v) 
In addition, if a Bankruptcy Event occurs after the Maturity Date and the aggregate nominal 
amount under the Covered Bonds which is due and payable had not been repaid prior to the 
Bankruptcy Event Date, the Bank shall, subject to the Additionally Extended Maturity Date, 
pay such aggregate nominal amount under the Covered Bonds within 12 months of the date of 
the Bankruptcy Event, but not earlier than after the first announcement on the results of the 
Coverage Test and the Liquidity Test.   
This Condition 5(c) replicates mandatory provisions of Polish law, in particular the Polish 
Bankruptcy Law, as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  In the event of a conflict between 
Condition 5(c) and mandatory provisions of Polish law, if and as amended from time to time, 
mandatory provisions of Polish law shall prevail.  Changes (if any) in the mandatory provisions 
of Polish law which affect the provisions of this Condition 5(c) shall not create an obligation 
for the Bank to notify the Holders thereof unless otherwise required under applicable Polish 
law.   
(d) 
Purchases 
The Bank may at any time purchase Covered Bonds at any price in the open market or otherwise. 
(e) 
Cancellation 
All Covered Bonds which are redeemed or purchased by the Bank will forthwith be cancelled.  All 
Covered Bonds so cancelled cannot be reissued or resold. 
(f) 
Late payment on Zero Coupon Covered Bonds 
If the amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon Covered Bond upon redemption of such Zero 
Coupon Covered Bond pursuant to Condition 5(a) is improperly withheld or refused, default interest 
specified under Article 481 §2 of the Civil Code shall accrue on such amount.

--- Page 67 ---
60 
 
 
(g) 
Mandatory redemption in case of non-bankruptcy liquidation, merger, division or transformation under 
statutory provisions of Polish law 
Under the Polish Act dated 15 January 2015 on Bonds (Ustawa z dnia 15 stycznia 2015 r. o obligacjach) 
(the Polish Act on Bonds), if the Bank is subject to non-bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja), the Bank 
shall redeem the Covered Bonds at par on the opening day of such non-bankruptcy liquidation 
(likwidacja) proceedings.  If the Bank is subject to a merger (połączenie), division (podział) or 
transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej), and the entity that has taken over all or a portion of the 
Bank's obligations under the Covered Bonds pursuant to such merger (połączenie), division (podział) 
or transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) is not permitted under the Polish Covered Bonds Act 
to issue covered bonds, the Bank or its successor entity shall redeem such Covered Bonds at par.  The 
terms non-bankruptcy liquidation (likwidacja), merger (połączenie), division (podział) and 
transformation (przekształcenie formy prawnej) in this paragraph shall have the meaning as prescribed 
under Polish law. 
6. 
TAXATION 
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Covered Bonds by or on behalf of the Bank will 
be made without withholding or deduction for or on account of any present or future taxes or duties of 
whatever nature imposed or levied by or on behalf of any Tax Jurisdiction unless such withholding or 
deduction is required by law.  In such event, the Bank will pay such additional amounts as shall be 
necessary in order that the net amounts received by the holders of the Covered Bonds after such 
withholding or deduction shall equal the respective amounts of principal and interest which would 
otherwise have been receivable in respect of the Covered Bonds, as the case may be, in the absence of 
such withholding or deduction; except that no such additional amounts shall be payable with respect to 
any Covered Bond: 
(a) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who is liable for such taxes or duties in 
respect of such Covered Bond by reason of his having some connection with a Tax Jurisdiction 
other than the mere holding of such Covered Bond; or 
(b) 
presented for payment by, or by a third party on behalf of, a Holder who could lawfully avoid 
(but has not so avoided) such deduction or withholding by it complying, or procuring (if it is in 
the relevant Holder's control) that any third party complies, with any statutory requirements or 
by it making, or procuring (if it is in the relevant Holder's control) that any third party makes, 
a declaration of non-residence or other similar claim for exemption to any tax authority in the 
relevant place; or 
(c) 
presented for payment more than 30 days after the Relevant Date (as defined below) except to 
the extent that the holder thereof would have been entitled to an additional amount on presenting 
the same for payment on such thirtieth day assuming that day to have been a Payment Day (as 
defined in Condition 4(c)); or 
(d) 
presented for payment by or on behalf of a holder who would have been able to avoid such 
withholding or deduction by presenting the relevant Covered Bond to another Paying Agent in 
a Member State of the European Union.   
Notwithstanding any other provision of these Conditions, in no event will the Bank be required to pay 
any additional amounts in respect of the Covered Bonds for, or on account of, any withholding or 
deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the Code or otherwise 
imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, 
any official interpretations thereof, or any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto. 
As used herein: 
i. 
Tax Jurisdiction means Poland or any political subdivision or any authority thereof or therein 
having power to tax or any other jurisdiction or any political subdivision or any authority 
thereof or therein having power to tax to which payments made by the Bank of principal and 
interest on the Covered Bonds become generally subject; and

--- Page 68 ---
61 
 
 
ii. 
the Relevant Date means the date on which such payment first becomes due, except that, if the 
full amount of the moneys payable has not been duly received by the Agent on or prior to such 
due date, it means the date on which, the full amount of such moneys having been so received, 
notice to that effect is duly given to the Covered Bond Holders in accordance with Condition 
9. 
7. 
PRESCRIPTION 
Claims against the Bank for payment of principal amount under the Covered Bonds expire after six 
years and claims against the Bank for payment of interest under the Covered Bonds expire after three 
years. 
8. 
PAYING AGENTS 
The names of the initial Paying Agents and their initial specified offices are set out below.  If any 
additional Paying Agents are appointed in connection with any Series, the names of such Paying Agents 
will be specified in Part B of the applicable Final Terms. 
The Bank is entitled to vary or terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent and/or appoint additional 
or other Paying Agents and/or approve any change in the specified office through which any Paying 
Agent acts, provided that: 
(a) 
so long as the Covered Bonds are listed on any stock exchange or admitted to listing by any 
other relevant authority, there will at all times be a Paying Agent, which may be the Agent, 
with a specified office in such place as may be required by the rules and regulations of the 
relevant stock exchange or other relevant authority; and 
(b) 
the Bank undertakes that it will ensure that it maintains a Paying Agent in a jurisdiction within 
Europe, other than the jurisdiction in which the Bank is incorporated. 
In addition, the Bank shall forthwith appoint a Paying Agent having a specified office in New York 
City in the circumstances described in Condition 4(b).  Notice of any variation, termination, 
appointment or change in the Paying Agents will be given to the Covered Bond Holders promptly by 
the Bank in accordance with Condition 9. 
In acting under the Agency Agreement, the Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Bank and do not 
assume any obligation to, or relationship of agency or trust with, any Covered Bond Holders.  The 
Agency Agreement contains provisions permitting any entity into which any Paying Agent is merged 
or converted or with which it is consolidated or to which it transfers all or substantially all of its assets 
to become the successor paying agent. 
9. 
NOTICES 
All notices regarding the Covered Bonds will be deemed to be validly given if published in a daily 
newspaper of general circulation in Luxembourg.  It is expected that such publication will be made in 
the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  So long as the Covered Bonds are admitted to trading on, and 
listed on the Official List of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange, a daily newspaper of general circulation 
in Luxembourg and/or the Luxembourg Stock Exchange's website, www.bourse.lu.  It is expected that 
any such publication in a newspaper will be made in the Luxemburger Wort in Luxembourg.  The Bank 
shall also ensure that notices are duly published in a manner which complies with the rules of any stock 
exchange or other relevant regulatory authority on which the Covered Bonds are for the time being 
listed or by which they have been admitted to trading.  Any such notice will be deemed to have been 
given on the date of the first publication or, where required to be published in more than one newspaper, 
on the date of the first publication in all required newspapers.  The Bank will deliver printouts of all 
information published on the Bank's website in accordance with the Polish Act on Bonds to ING Bank 
Śląski S.A. 
So long as any Global Covered Bonds representing the Covered Bonds are held in their entirety on 
behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, there may be substituted for such publication in 
such newspaper(s) the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the Holders of the Covered Bonds and, in addition, for so long as any

--- Page 69 ---
62 
 
 
Covered Bonds are listed on a stock exchange or are admitted to trading by another relevant authority 
and the rules of that stock exchange or relevant authority so require, such notice will be published in a 
daily newspaper of general circulation in the place or places required by those rules.  Any such notice 
shall be deemed to have been given to the Holders on the day on which the said notice was given to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Notices to be given by any Covered Bond Holder shall be in writing and given by lodging the same 
with the Agent.  While any of the Covered Bonds are represented by a Global Covered Bond, such 
notice may be given by any Holder to the Agent through Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, 
as the case may be, in such manner as the Agent and Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as the 
case may be, may approve for this purpose. 
10. 
FURTHER ISSUES 
The Bank shall be at liberty from time to time without the consent of the Covered Bond Holders to 
create and issue further covered bonds having terms and conditions the same as the Covered Bonds or 
the same in all respects save for the amount and date of the first payment of interest thereon and the 
date from which interest starts to accrue and so that the same shall be consolidated and form a single 
Series with the outstanding Covered Bonds. 
11. 
GOVERNING LAW AND SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION 
(a) 
Governing law 
The Covered Bonds and any non-contractual obligations arising therefrom or in connection therewith 
are governed by, and shall be construed in accordance with, Polish law. 
(b) 
Submission to jurisdiction 
The Polish common court appropriate for the registered seat of the Bank at the time of making a claim 
shall have non-exclusive jurisdiction for any action or other legal proceedings (Proceedings) arising 
out of or in connection with the Covered Bonds.  The Polish courts shall have exclusive jurisdiction 
over lost or destroyed Covered Bonds. 
(c) 
Enforcement 
Any Holder of Covered Bonds may in any proceedings against the Bank, or to which such Holder and 
the Bank are parties, in his own name enforce his rights arising under such Covered Bonds on the basis 
of (i) a statement issued by the Custodian with whom such Holder maintains a securities account in 
respect of Covered Bonds (a) stating the full name and address of the Holder, (b) specifying the 
aggregate principal amount of Covered Bonds credited to such securities account on the date of such 
statement and (c) confirming that the Custodian has given written notice to the Clearing System 
containing the information pursuant to (a) and (b) or (ii) a copy of the Covered Bonds in global form 
certified as being a true copy by a duly authorised officer of the Clearing System or a depositary of the 
Clearing System, without the need for production in such proceedings of the actual records or the Global 
Covered Bond representing the Covered Bonds.  For purposes of the foregoing, Custodian means any 
bank or other financial institution of recognised standing authorised to engage in securities custody 
business with which the Holder maintains a securities account in respect of the Covered Bonds and 
includes the Clearing System.  Each Holder may, without prejudice of the foregoing, protect and enforce 
his rights under the Covered Bonds also in any other way which is permitted in the country in which 
the proceedings are initiated. 
12. 
MEETINGS OF COVERED BOND HOLDERS MODIFICATION, WAIVER AND 
SUBSTITUTION 
The meeting of the Covered Bond Holders may consider any matter affecting their interests under the 
Covered Bonds, including the sanctioning by a resolution of a modification of the Conditions.  Such a 
meeting may be convened for each Series by the Bank and shall be convened by the Bank if required 
in writing by Covered Bond Holders holding not less than 10 per cent. in nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered Bond Holders who are

--- Page 70 ---
63 
 
 
members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 item 44 of the Polish 
Accounting Act).  The meeting of the Covered Bond Holders shall be convened by an announcement 
made at least 21 days before the date of the meeting published in accordance with Condition 9.  The 
meeting of the Covered Bond Holders shall be held at the seat of the entity operating the regulated 
market (in the event the Covered Bond Holders are admitted to trading on a regulated market) or (in all 
other cases) in Warsaw, Poland.  The quorum at any such meeting for passing a resolution is one or 
more persons holding or representing not less than 50 per cent. of the nominal amount of the Covered 
Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered Bond Holders who are 
members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 item 44 of the Polish 
Accounting Act), except that at any meeting the business of which includes the modification of certain 
provisions of the Covered Bonds (including modifying the date of maturity of the Covered Bonds or 
any date for payment of interest thereon, reducing the nominal value or the rate of interest payable in 
respect of the Covered Bonds or altering the currency of payment of the Covered Bonds), the quorum 
shall be one or more persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds in nominal amount of the 
Covered Bonds of that Series for the time being outstanding (excluding the Covered Bond Holders who 
are members of the Bank's capital group within the meaning of Article 3 Section 1 item 44 of the Polish 
Accounting Act).  A resolution passed at any meeting of the Covered Bond Holders shall be binding on 
all the Covered Bond Holders of the Series for which the meeting was held, whether or not they are 
present at the meeting.  The resolutions shall be passed: 
(a) 
in case of reduction of the nominal value of the Covered Bonds − by an unanimous vote of all 
present Covered Bond Holders; 
(b) 
in case of: 
i. 
modifications to the methods of calculating interest, and terms of payment (including 
reduction or cancellation) of interest; 
ii. 
modifications as to the time, place or method of satisfying the claims of the Covered 
Bond Holders, including the date, as at which entitlement to these benefits is 
established; or 
iii. 
the principles of convening, holding or adopting resolutions by the meeting of the 
Covered Bond Holders, 
by an unanimous vote of all present Covered Bond Holders (in case the Covered Bonds are 
admitted to trading on a regulated market) or by a majority of 75 per cent. of all present Covered 
Bond Holders (in case the Covered Bonds are not admitted to trading on a regulated market); 
and 
(c) 
in all other cases − by a majority vote. 
Any changes to the Conditions approved by the Covered Bond Holders in the manner specified above 
shall only take effect if the Bank consents thereto.  The Bank's statement concerning consent or the lack 
thereof for the change of the Conditions shall be published by the Bank on the Bank's website within 
seven days from the end of the meeting of the Covered Bond Holders.  Failure to publish such statement 
means that the Bank does not grant its consent for the change of the Conditions.   
Upon the occurrence of the Bankruptcy Event, the provisions of the Polish Bankruptcy Law with respect of 
meetings of holders of all outstanding covered bonds of the Bank shall prevail.  For further details see Condition 
5(c) above.

--- Page 71 ---
64 
 
 
MARKET OVERVIEW 
The Polish economy 
Poland is the eighth largest and one of the most dynamic economies in the European Union.  In 2018, it received 
developed market status from FTSE Russell and Stoxx.  In 2020, real GDP in Poland decreased by 2.5 per cent., 
compared to 4.7 per cent. increase in 2019.  This can be mainly attributed to the restrictions introduced following 
the outbreak of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
In 2020 tax revenues grew by 0.8 per cent. as compared to 2019.  The general government deficit increased 
from 0.7 per cent. of GDP in 2019 to 7.0 per cent. for 2020.  The level of public debt increased from 45.6 per 
cent. in 2019 to 57.5 per cent. of GDP in 2020. 
The table below sets out the key economic indicators for Poland as 31 December 2020 and 31 December 2019. 
 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
Activity indicators 
Real GDP (per cent., year on year) 
-2.5 
4.7
Private consumption (per cent., year on year) 
-3.0 
4.0
Investments (per cent., year on year) 
-8.4 
7.2
Industrial production (per cent., year on year) 
-1.0 
4.3
General government balance (per cent. of GDP) 
-7.0 
-0.7
Government debt (per cent. of GDP) 
57.5 
45.6
Registered unemployment rate (per cent.) 
6.2 
5.2
Nominal GDP (USD billion) 
581 
592
Prices 
 
CPI inflation rate (per cent., year on year average) 
3.4 
2.3
PPI inflation rate (per cent., year on year average) 
-0.6 
1.2
Enterprise sector wage rates (per cent., year on year) 
4.8 
6.6
Market indicators 
 
3-months' interbank rate (per cent.) 
0.21 
1.71
EUR/PLN exchange rate (average) 
4.61 
4.26
Source: Statistics Poland (Główny Urząd Statystyczny, GUS), NBP 
The Polish banking sector 
Structure of the Polish banking sector 
In line with KNF data, as at 31 August 2021, the total number of banks and branches of foreign credit institutions 
operating in Poland was 587: there were 30 domestic commercial banks, 37 branches of foreign credit 
institutions, and 520 cooperative banks operating in Poland. 
The following table sets out the number of domestic commercial banks, foreign credit institutions and 
cooperative banks operating in Poland: 
 
31 August 2021 
31 December 2020 31 December 2019 
Total, including: 
587 
596
600
Domestic commercial banks 
30 
30
30
Branches of foreign credit institutions 
37 
36
538
Cooperative banks 
520 
530
32
Source: KNF's monthly data on the banking sector – September 2021

--- Page 72 ---
65 
 
 
Financial situation of the Polish banking sector 
According to the KNF, in 2020 situation in the Polish banking sector was mainly influenced by the development 
of the Covid–19 pandemic and increased legal risk related to mortgage loans denominated in foreign currencies 
or indexed to foreign currencies.  In 2020 the structure of the Polish banking sector remained stable with 
continuation of trends observed in previous years. Capital position, long and short term liquidity were all 
evaluated to be on safe levels, above the regulatory requirements. 
The basic characteristics of the Polish banking sector are shown in the table below: 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 2019/2020 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Total assets 
2,350.1 
2,000.1 
17.5
Deposits from the non-financial sector 
1,405.2 
1,242.8 
13.1
Loans to non-financial sector 
1,142.5 
1,136.8 
0.5
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
Total assets 
In 2020, the nominal value of total assets of the Polish banking sector increased by 17.5 per cent. compared to 
2019.  This increase was significantly higher than in 2019.  Changes in the assets structure are mainly related 
to the government support programmes introduced during the Covid-19 pandemic.  Financial aid provided by 
the Polish government and the NBP’s quantitative easing programme resulted in a significant increase of the 
value debt securities. Different forms of governmental aid resulted also led to an increase in deposits and 
reduced demand for loans.   
The structure of total assets is set out in the table below: 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 2019/2020 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Cash, central bank, and other deposits 
112.6 
115.2 
-2.2
Debt securities 
695.1 
457.8 
51.8
Capital instruments 
6.4 
6.0 
6.4
Loans and advances at FV 
55.8 
48.8 
14.4
Loans and advances at amortised cost 
1,288.6 
1,291.9 
-0.3
Other assets 
191.6 
80.5 
138.0
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
Loans 
In 2020, loans to the non-financial sector increased by PLN 5.7 billion, i.e. 0.5 per cent. compared to 2019 and 
the growth rate was lower than in 2019.  The largest share of total loans to non-financial clients belongs to 
households (67 per cent.), followed by business (32 per cent.). 
The following table sets out the structure of loans to non-financial clients: 
 
2020 
2019 
2019/2020 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Loans to non-financial sector, including: 
1,142.5 
1,136.8
0.5
Loans to households, including: 
766.8 
745.3
2.9
Housing loans 
477.5 
448.9
6.4
Loans to business 
367.6 
383.9
-4.2
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
According to AMRON – SARFiN report, in 2020, the housing loans growth rate was slower compared to 2019.  
Banks granted approximately 204,170 loans with an aggregate value of PLN 60.7 billion compared to 225,073

--- Page 73 ---
66 
 
 
loans of an aggregate value of PLN 62.6 billion in 2019. In 2020 loans granted in PLN accounted for 98.79 per 
cenr. of all new loans. 
The quality of loan portfolio set out in the table below remained stable – share of receivables in stage 3: 
 
2020 
2019 
(in PLN billion) 
Total non-financial sector 
6.95
6.63
Business 
9.02
8.58
Households 
6.01
5.68
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
At the end of 2020, the amount of loans with identified impairment increased by 0.31 per cent. point. In housing 
loans, the quality of the loan portfolio is very high. Share of loans with under observation or with identified 
impairment is a the level of 2.5 per cent. of the total portfolio. 
Deposits 
In 2020 non-financial sector deposits increased by 13.0 per cent. and 165.2 billion PLN compared to 2019.  
Household deposits had a 70.9 per cent. share in total deposits and deposits denominated in PLN constituted 
86.5 per cent of total deposits. Low rates environment and increased inflation resulted in a decrease in term 
deposits. 
The structure of the Polish banking sector deposits is set out in the table below: 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 2019/2020 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Households 
1,018.4 
919.9 
10.7
Business 
386.8 
322.9 
19.8
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
Financial results 
In 2020, the net financial result of the Polish banking sector amounted to PLN 0.93 billion and was lower 
compared to 2019 by 93.3 per cent.  This decrease was due mainly to lower operational income and significantly 
higher reserves. The level of impairment write-offs also increased significantly. 
The table below shows the financial results of the Polish banking sector: 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 2019/2020 
(in PLN billion) 
(per cent.) 
Operational income 
61,972.6 
70,627.0 
-12.3
Operational costs and amortisation 
39,272.0 
39,247.4 
0.1
Reserves 
4,284.6 
2,405.5 
78.1
Net financial result 
931.5 
13,806.2 
-93.3
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
In 2020, low increase in the operational cost and amortisation was observed, by 0.1 per cent.  The highest impact 
on cost increase is related to BFG and bank tax.   
These factors are reflected in the basic effectiveness ratios given in the table below: 
 
2020 
2019 
Cost to income 
63.4
55.6
Net result / average assets 
0.04
0.7
Net result / average equity 
0.3
6.7

--- Page 74 ---
67 
 
 
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
Key trends in the Polish banking sector 
Polish banks continue to increase their effectiveness by optimising employment and sales networks.  As a result, 
in 2020 the number of employees in the banking sector decreased to 149 thousand from 157 thousand in 2019. 
The number of bank branches decreased by 569.  At the same time, Polish customers are more active on the 
internet, which additionally supports these tendencies. 
The capital base remained stable.  In 2020, growth in banks' own funds (10.2 per cent. compared to 2019) and 
total risk exposure (1.5 per cent. compared to 2019) was observed.  As a result, capital ratios increased by 1.7 
per cent. point compared to previous year. At the end of 2020, only two cooperative banks and two commercial 
banks did not fulfil the minimum requirements for capital ratios but their share in the sector's assets was marginal 
(2.8 per cent.).  In terms of liquidity, all banks fulfil the LCR requirement at 100 per cent.   
The table below sets out basic information concerning capital adequacy and liquidity in the Polish banking 
sector: 
 
2020 
2019 
Change 2019/2020 
(per cent.) 
Banks' own funds (PLN billion) 
231.9 
210.3
10.2
Risk exposure (PLN billion) 
1,118.1 
1,101.9
1.5
 
Tier I ratio (per cent.) 
18.5 
17.0
n/a
Total capital ratio (per cent.) 
20.7 
19.1
n/a
 
Liquidity coverage ratio (per cent.) 
193 
156
n/a
Source: KNF's report on the situation of the Polish banking sector in 2020 – July 2021 
Residential market 
One of the permanent elements that characterises the Polish socio-economic situation is a shortage of flats.  
According to Deloitte Property Index 2021, the number of dwellings in Poland per 1,000 citizens in 2020 was 
392.90. For comparison, the number in other countries included in the report is around 463.  In Germany, France 
and Spain, it is over 500 apartments.   
 
Source: Deloitte Property Index 2021 
0,0
100,0
200,0
300,0
400,0
500,0
600,0
Spain
France
Germany
Czech
Republic
Hungary
Poland
Number of dwellings per  1,000 citizens
average = 463

--- Page 75 ---
68 
 
 
In addition to a shortage in quantity, it is also important to point out the unsatisfactory standard of a large part 
of the available housing stock.  According to the Eurostat definition, over 37 per cent. of Poles live in 
overcrowded homes. 
 
Source: Eurostat 
According to GUS data 164,422 apartments were commissioned in the first nine months of 2021, (5.2 per cent. 
more than in the corresponding period of the previous year).  In addition, there were almost 216,419 apartments 
whose construction has begun (29.3 per cent. more than in the corresponding period of the previous year) and 
254,666 apartments for which construction permits have been issued or filed in accordance with the construction 
design (32.4 per cent. more than in the corresponding period of the previous year). 
 
Source: GUS 
The availability of an adequate housing stock is one of the factors that determines further social and economic 
development.  The significant housing shortage in Poland is an opportunity for the development of the mortgage 
banking market, which is based granting residential mortgage loans financed and refinanced through issuances 
of covered bonds. 
0
5
10
15
20
25
30
35
40
45
Poland
Italy
Czech Republic
France
Germany
Spain
Overcrowding rate - 2019 (% specified population)
EU27 average = 17.1
50
75
100
125
150
175
200
225
1991 1993 1995 1997 1999 2001 2003 2005 2007 2009 2011 2013 2015 2017 2019
Number of completed dwellings (in thousands)

--- Page 76 ---
69 
 
 
The prices of flats in Poland have systematically grown since 2014 by about 30 per cent. on average, more in 
particular locations.  The rental market is concentrated mainly in the largest Polish agglomerations.  It is a 
market dominated by private individual investors. Long-term renting dominates the market.  Demand is 
generated mainly by students, foreigners, people starting their career and employees delegated to a location 
other than their permanent address. 
The Polish mortgage loan market 
2020 was a strong year for the Polish mortgage market, which exceeded PLN 475 billion.  In 2020 204,170 new 
residential mortgage loans of an aggregated value of PLN 60,7 billion (respectively 9.29 per cent. and 3.13 per 
cent. less than in in the previous year) were granted.  For several years, the trend of an increase in the average 
size of a single loan, which in the 2020 was around PLN 295,000, is clearly noticeable.  This is related to an 
increase in borrowers' affluence, interest in larger areas and constantly rising property prices. 
First half of 2021 brought further dynamic growth of mortgage lending due to historically low interest rates and 
rising positive consumers’ confidence driven by strong labour market performance.  
The Polish mortgage market is dominated by loans with a floating interest rate.  Currently, banks are expanding 
their offer of loans based on a fixed interest rate. 
In Poland, according to the European Mortgage Federation the ratio of total amount of residential loans to GDP 
in market prices oscillates around 20 per cent. whereas in the EU countries, according to the European Mortgage 
Federation at the end of 2019, it was around 44 per cent. 
 
Source: European Mortgage Federation – Hypostat 2020 
The ratio of outstanding residential loans to disposable income of households in Poland is also lower than the 
EU27 average. 
0,0
10,0
20,0
30,0
40,0
50,0
60,0
70,0
80,0
90,0
100,0
Netherlands Denmark
Sweden
Spain
France
Germany
Czech
Republic
Poland
Total Outstanding Residential Loans to GDP Ratio 
- 2019 (%)
EU27 average = 44.1

--- Page 77 ---
70 
 
 
 
Source: European Mortgage Federation – Hypostat 2020 
The high demand for housing, the growing economy and low interest rates are conducive to further growth in 
the mortgage market; however, the dynamics may be affected by increasing severity of the Covid-19 pandemic. 
Covered bond and mortgage bank market 
The Polish covered bond market is still small in comparison to developed EU economies, where covered bonds 
are an important source of financing mortgage loans.  At the end of 2020, the total outstanding covered bonds 
amounted to around 5 per cent. of the total residential loans portfolio. However, in recent years this market has 
been characterised by dynamic development.  Issuers from Poland place covered bonds both on the domestic 
and foreign markets.  The amount of outstanding covered bonds has increased almost five times since 2015: 
 
The covered bonds are offered mostly in public offerings.  The majority of the covered bonds offered in the 
Polish market are floating rate covered bonds whereas the bonds offered in the foreign markets are fixed rate 
covered bonds. 
0
20
40
60
80
100
120
140
160
180
200
Netherlands Denmark
Sweden
Spain
France
Germany
Czech
Republic
Poland
Total Outstanding Residential Loans to Disposable Income of 
Households Ratio - 2019 (%)
EU27 average 2019 = 62.9
0
5 0 000
10 0 000
15 0 000
20 0 000
25 0 000
30 0 000
2015
2016
2017
2018
2019
2020
Outstanding covered bonds issued by Polish mortgage bank - PLN million
+372%

--- Page 78 ---
71 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the total value of outstanding covered bonds was approximately PLN 26.5 billion.  
PKO Bank Hipoteczny S.A. is currently the largest issuer of mortgage bonds in Poland in terms of outstanding 
covered bonds portfolio. 
17,1
9.4
0
Interest rate breakdown
(PLN billion)
Fixed
Floating
Other
17.3
9.2
Currency breakdown
(PLN billion)
EUR
PLN

--- Page 79 ---
72 
 
 
SELECTED FINANCIAL INFORMATION OF THE BANK 
Presentation of financial information 
Unless otherwise indicated, the financial information in this Base Prospectus relating to the Bank has been 
derived from the audited standalone financial statements of the Bank for the financial years ended 31 December 
2019 and 2020 and for the six-month period ended 30 June 2021. 
The Bank's financial year ends on 31 December and references in this Base Prospectus to any specific year are 
to the 12-month period ended on 31 December of such year.  The Bank’s financial statements have been 
prepared in accordance with the IFRS as adopted by the European Union. 
Alternative Performance Measures 
The Base Prospectus includes certain data which the Bank considers to constitute alternative performance 
measures (APMs) for the purposes of the European Securities Markets Authority (ESMA) Guidelines on 
Alternative Performance Measures. 
These APMs are not defined by, or presented in accordance with, IFRS.  The APMs are not measurements of 
the Bank's operating performance under IFRS and should not be considered as alternatives to any measures of 
performance under IFRS or as measures of the Bank's liquidity. 
 
ROA 
(Return on assets) 
Calculated by dividing net annual profit attributable to owners of the Bank 
by average total assets at the end of the current accounting period. 
ROE 
(Return on equity) 
Calculated by dividing the net annual profit attributable to owners of the
Bank by the average equity at the end of the current reporting period. 
DR 
(Total debt ratio) 
Calculated by dividing the total debt at the end of the current accounting 
period by the total assets at the end of the current accounting period. 
TCR (Total capital ratio) 
Calculated by dividing the total capital of the Bank by total risk weighted 
assets at the end of the current accounting period. 
LR (Leverage ratio) 
Calculated by dividing the total capital of the Bank by total exposures at the
end of the current accounting period. 
LCR (Liquidity coverage ratio) 
Calculated by dividing liquidity coverage of the Bank by net liquidity 
outflows at the end of the current accounting period. 
Bank's financial information for the periods ended 30 June 2021, 31 December 2020 and 31 December 
2019 
Selected Financial Data 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Net interest income 
25,663.4
52,088.7
25,059.2
Net income on basic 
activities 
25,103.0
52,081.0
24,773.6
General and administrative 
expenses 
-16,099.2
-24,629.5
-23,835.4
Gross profit (loss) 
9,189.2
24,695.6
13.8
Net profit (loss) 
6,526.2
19,827.6
-188.9

--- Page 80 ---
73 
 
 
Profit/loss per ordinary share 
(PLN) 
17.17
94.42
-0.91
Amounts due from banks 
31,847.6
65,823.7
7,249.2
Debt securities 
83,084.2
50,186.9
264,803.9
Loans and advances granted 
to customers 
4,173,149.3
3,690,920.7
3,060,989.9
Total assets 
4,293,452.5
3,813,219.1
3,339,126.8
Liabilities to other banks 
3,262,954.3
1,969,597.2
2,488,153.6
Liabilities under issue of 
bonds 
150,153.0
975,131.6
0.0
Liabilities under issue of 
covered bonds 
399,619.8
399,480.6
400,359.9
Total liabilities 
3,825,262.4
3,351,435.7
3,067,574.7
Share capital 
380,000.0
380,000.0
210,000.0
Total equity 
468,190.1
461,783.4
271,552.1
The basic ratios 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
(per cent.) 
ROA 
0.39
0.52
-0.01
ROE 
3.53
4.29
-0.07
DR 
89.10
87.89
91.87
TCR 
26.82
30.60
17.03
LR 
10.83
11.76
8.10
LCR 
11,160
8.56
20.58
Income Statement 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Interest income 
39,707.2
108,806.1
54,184.8
Interest costs 
-14,043.8
-56,717.4
-29,125.6
Net interest income 
25,663.4
52,088.7
25,059.2
Fee and commission income 
227.5
523.9
211.3
Commission expenses 
-749.4
-447.7
-326.9
Net commission income 
-521.9
76.2
-115.6
FX result 
-5.6
-52.5
-36.3
Net income on other basic 
activities 
-32.9
-31.4
-133.7
Net income on basic 
activities 
25,103.0
52,081.0
24,773.6
General and administrative 
expenses 
-16,099.2
-24.629.5
-23,835.4
Expected loss provision 
248.6
-2,755.9
-924.4
Tax on certain financial 
institutions 
-63.2
0.0
0.0
Gross profit (loss) 
9,189.2
24,695.6
13.8
Income tax 
-2,663.0
-4,868.0
-202.8
Net profit (loss) 
6,526.2
19,827.6
-188.9
Number of shares 
380,000
380,000
210,000
Proft/loss per ordinary share 
(PLN) – basic 
17.17
52.18
-0.91
Profit/loss per ordinary share 
(PLN) – diluted 
17.17
52.18
-0.91

--- Page 81 ---
74 
 
 
 
Statement of comprehensive income 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Profit after tax for the 
period 
6,526.2
19,827.6
-188.9
Total other comprehensive 
income, including: 
-119.5
403.8
-140.0
Items which can be 
reclassified to income 
statement: 
-119.5
493.4
47.8
Unrealised result on 
measurement of HTC&S 
securities 
-119.5
493.4
47.8
including deferred tax 
28.0
-115.7
-11.2
Items which will not be 
reclassified to income 
statement, including: 
0.0
-89.6
-187.8
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0
-89.6
-187.8
including deferred tax 
0.0
21.0
44.1
Net comprehensive income 
for the period 
6,406.7
20,231.4
-328.9
Statement of financial position 
 
30 June 2021 
31 December 2020 
31 December 2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Assets 
Amounts due from banks 
31,847.6
65,823.7
7,249.2
Debt securities measured at 
fair value through other 
comprehensive income 
50,084.3
50,186.9
34.823.5
Debt securities measured at 
amortised cost 
32,999.9
0.0
229,980.4
Loans and advances granted 
to customers 
4,173,149.3
3,690,920.7
3,060,898.9
Property, plant and 
equipment 
573.2
739.4
988.3
Intangible assets 
328.9
824.8
1,816.7
Deferred tax assets 
1,087.8
942.2
1,585.1
Other assets 
3,381.5
3,781.4
1,784.7
Total assets 
4,293,452.5
3,813,219.1
3,339,126.8
Liabilities 
Liabilities to banks 
3,262,954.3
1,969,597.2
2,488,153.6
Liabilities under issue of 
bonds 
150,153.0
975,113.6
0.0
Liabilities under issue of 
covered bonds 
399,619.8
399,480.6
400.359.9
Provisions 
775.8
775.8
585.7
Current tax liabilities 
673.1
98.8
113.1
Capital increase liabilities 
-
0.0
170.000.0
Other liabilities 
11,086.4
6,351.7
8,362.4

--- Page 82 ---
75 
 
 
Total liabilities 
3,825,262.4
3,351,435.7
3,067,574.7
Equity 
Share capital 
380,000
380,000
210,000.0
Supplementary capital - 
share premium 
62,002.2
62,002.2
62,191.1
Accumulated other 
comprehensive income 
-165.8
-46.4
-450.1
Retained earnings 
26,353.7
19,827.6
-188.9
Total equity 
468,190.1
461,783.4
271,552.1
Total equity and liabilities 
4,293,452.5
3,813,219.1
3,339,126.8
Carrying amount 
468,190.1
461,783.4
271,552.1
Number of shares 
380,000.0
380,000.0
210,000.0
Carrying amount per share 
(in PLN) 
1,232.08
1,215.22
1,293.11
Statement of changes in equity 
 
For the period from 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital – share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
Opening balance of 
equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-46.4 
19,827.6
461,783.4
Net result for the 
current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
6,526.2
6,526.2
Other net 
comprehensive 
income, including: 
0.0 
0.0 
-119.5 
0.0
-119.5
Unrealised result on 
measurement of 
HTC&S securities 
0.0 
0.0 
-119.5 
0.0
-119.5
Closing balance of 
equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-165.8 
26,353.7
468,190.1
 
 
For the period from 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital – share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
Opening balance of 
equity 
210,000.0 
62,191.1 
-450.1 
-188.9
271,552.1
Issuing of shares series 
C 
170,000.0 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0
170,000.0
Coverage of losses 
from previous years 
0.0 
-188.9 
0.0 
188.9
0.0
Net result for the 
current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
19,827.6
19,827.6
Other net 
comprehensive 
income, including: 
0.0 
0.0 
403.7 
0.0
403.7

--- Page 83 ---
76 
 
 
Unrealised result on 
measurement of 
HTC&S securities 
0.0 
0.0 
493.3 
0.0
493.3
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
-89.6 
0.0
-89.6
Closing balance of 
equity 
380,000.0 
62,002.2 
-46.4 
19,827.6
461,734.4
 
For the period from 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019  
Share capital 
Supplementary 
capital – share 
premium 
Accumulated 
other 
comprehensive 
income 
Retained 
earnings 
Total equity 
Opening balance of 
equity 
120,000.0 
0.0 
-310.1 
-7,379.4
112,310.5
Issuing of shares series 
B 
90,000.0 
69,570.5 
0.0 
0.0
159,570.5
Coverage of losses 
from previous years 
0.0 
-7,379.4 
0.0 
7,379.4
0.0
Net result for the 
current period 
0.0 
0.0 
0.0 
-188.9
-188.9
Other net 
comprehensive 
income, including: 
0.0 
0.0 
-140 
0.0
-140
Unrealised result on 
measurement of 
HTC&S securities 
0.0 
0.0 
47.8 
0.0
47.8
Actuarial gains/losses 
0.0 
0.0 
-187.8 
0.0
-187.8
Closing balance of 
equity 
210,000.0 
62,191.1 
-450.1 
-188.9
271,552.1
Cash flow statement 
 
period from  
1 January 2021  
to 30 June 2021 
period from  
1 January 2020  
to 31 December 2020 
period from  
1 January 2019  
to 31 December 2019 
(in PLN thousand) 
Profit after tax 
6,526.2
19,827.6
-188.9
Adjustments, of which 
-461,517.2
-616,402.5
-3,031,675.7
Depreciation and amortisation
677.9
1,368.8
1,376.8
Interest accrued (from the 
income statement) 
-25,663.4
-52,088.7
-25,059.2
Interest paid 
-156.8
-43,999.3
-78.9
Interest received 
39,851.6
110,390.8
47,168.4
Income tax (from the income 
statement) 
-2.663.0
-4,868.0
202.8
Income tax paid 
3,091.7
5,496.6
0.0
Change in provisions 
0.0
100.4
202.8
Change in loans and other 
receivables from banks 
-0.1
1,433.4
-1,433.5
Change in debt securities 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
-93.9
493.4
47.8

--- Page 84 ---
77 
 
 
Change in loans and other 
receivables from customers 
-482,365.8
-631,395.0
-3,060,898.9
Change in fixed assets due to 
recognition of lease 
146.7
186.1
-851.5
Change in other assets 
237.3
-2,299.8
-294.1
Change in liabilities to other 
banks 
363.8
-56.3
1,598.1
Change in covered bonds 
liabilities 
154.7
531.6
359.9
Change in other liabilities 
4,902.1
-1,696.3
5,983.8
Net cash flow from 
operating activities 
-454,991.0
-596,574.9
-3,031,864.6
Purchase of property plant 
and equipment 
0.0
-11.0
-94.3
Purchase of securities 
measured at fair value 
through other comprehensive 
income 
0.0
-15,914.4
-34,823.5
Purchase of securities 
measured at amortised cost 
-32,999.9
229,980.4
-229,980.4
Interest received on debt 
securities 
70.0
339.7
236.9
Net cash flow from 
investing activities 
-32,929.9
214,394.8
-256,661.3
Proceeds from contribution to 
capital increase 
-
0.0
170,000.0
Proceeds from the issue of 
shares 
-
0.0
159,570.5
Proceeds from the issue of 
covered bonds 
-
0.0
400,000.0
Proceeds from the issue of 
bonds 
150,000.0
975,000.0
0.0
Long-term loans received 
2,008,996.9
3,091,066.6
2,958,819.1
Long-term loans repaid 
-716,000.0
-3,608,517.9
-472,263.5
Interest on long-term loans 
repaid 
-11,360.2
-6,963.2
-24,980.4
Payment of interest on issued 
covered bonds 
-1,573.8
-8,082.9
0.0
Lease liabilities repaid 
-167.4
-314.4
-339.0
Redemption of bonds 
-975,000.0
0.0
0.0
Payment of interest on issued 
bonds 
-950.8
0.0
0.0
Net cash flow from 
financing activities 
453,944.8
442,188.2
3,190,806.7
Net increase/decrease in cash 
equivalents 
-33,976.1
60,008.0
-105,719.2
Opening balance of cash and 
cash equivalents 
65,823.7
5,815.7
111,534.9
Closing balance of cash and 
cash equivalents 
31,847.6
65,823.7
5,815.7

--- Page 85 ---
78 
 
 
DESCRIPTION OF THE BANK 
History and general introduction 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna is a Polish mortgage bank (bank hipoteczny).  The core business of the 
Bank involves acquiring mortgage loans secured on residential properties granted by ING BSK.  The loans in 
the Bank's loan portfolio are denominated solely in PLN and as at the date of this Base Prospectus the Bank 
does not intend to acquire loans denominated in currencies other than PLN (for details on the Bank's loan 
portfolio, see "Business overview of the Bank" and "The Bank's loan portfolio" below).  As at the date of this 
Base Prospectus, the Bank does not itself grant mortgage loans.  The Bank is the sole entity in the Group 
authorised to issue covered bonds. 
ING BSK, the sole shareholder of the Bank, is the fifth bank in Poland in terms of total assets.  ING BSK is a 
member of the ING capital group.  ING capital group provides financial and insurance services in 40 countries 
worldwide.  The ING capital group's dominant entity is ING Groep N.V. with its registered office in Amsterdam. 
ING BSK has established the Bank as an entity through which the Group could diversify the Group's sources of 
funding.  The Group perceives the covered bonds issued by the Bank as an important source of long-term 
funding for the Group.  Additionally, obtaining funds through issuances of covered bonds by the Bank enables 
the Group to reduce the maturity mismatch between the Group's assets and liabilities. 
The Bank was established on 20 March 2018 for an indefinite period.  The Bank is entered into the register of 
entrepreneurs of the National Court Register maintained by District Court Katowice-Wschód in Katowice under 
number 0000723965.  The Bank is authorised to operate as a mortgage bank under the Polish Covered Bonds 
Act and is supervised by the KNF.  Its operating permit was issued by the KNF on 2 January 2019.  The Bank's 
registered office is in Katowice at ul. Chorzowska 50 and its telephone number is +48 32 357 84 33.  Although 
the Bank is a member of the Group and closely cooperates with ING BSK in its business operations, the Bank 
is an independent legal entity with separate corporate bodies.  The Bank has no subsidiaries. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the share capital of the Bank is PLN 380,000,000, which comprises 
380,000 ordinary shares each with a nominal value of PLN 1,000.00 each.  All of the Bank's shares are owned 
by ING BSK. 
Ratings 
Ratings assigned to ING BSK 
ING BSK has been assigned ratings by Moody's as set forth in the table below: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term deposit rating 
A2 
Stable 
Short-term deposit rating 
P-1 
N/A 
BCA rating 
baa2 
N/A 
Adjusted BCA rating 
baa1 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk assessment 
A1(cr) 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk assessment 
P-1(cr) 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk rating 
A1 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk rating 
P-1 
N/A 
ING BSK has been assigned ratings by Fitch Ratings as set forth in the table below: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term issuer default rating 
A+ 
Negative 
Short-term issuer default rating 
F1+ 
N/A 
Viability rating 
bbb+ 
N/A

--- Page 86 ---
79 
 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Support-rating 
1 
N/A 
National long-term rating 
AAA(pol) 
Stable 
National short-term rating 
F1+(pol) 
N/A 
Source: ING BSK 
Ratings assigned to the Bank 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, Moody's assigned the following ratings to the Bank and the covered 
bonds issued by the Bank: 
 
Category 
Rating 
Outlook 
Long-term covered bonds rating 
Aa1 
N/A 
Long-term Bank’s rating 
A3 
Stable 
Short-term Bank’s rating 
P-2 
Stable 
Long-term counterparty rating 
A1 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty rating 
P-1 
N/A 
Long-term counterparty risk assessment 
A1(cr) 
N/A 
Short-term counterparty risk assessment 
P-1(cr) 
N/A 
According to the Moody’s rating scale, obligations rated “Aa” are judged to be of high quality and are subject 
to very low credit risk. 
Under the Moody’s rating scale counterparty risk assessments are opinions on the likelihood of a default by an 
issuer on certain senior operating obligations and other contractual commitments.  Issuers assessed “A(cr)” are 
judged to be upper-medium grade and are subject to low risk of defaulting on certain senior operating obligations 
and other contractual commitments. 
Moody’s appends numerical modifiers 1, 2, and 3 to each generic rating classification from Aa through Caa. 
The modifier 1 indicates that the obligation ranks in the higher end of its generic rating category; the modifier 
2 indicates a mid-range ranking and the modifier 3 indicates a ranking in the lower end of that generic rating 
category. 
Description of the Group and the Bank's position within the Group 
Overview 
The Bank is solely owned by ING BSK and is a member of the Group.  The Bank has no subsidiaries.  According 
to the ING BSK’s financial statements for the financial year ended 31 December 2020, ING BSK's share in 
sales of PLN residential mortgage loans in 2020 was approximately 19.2 per cent.  ING BSK's share in the 
assets and equity of the Polish banking sector for the year ended 31 December 2020 was 7.9 per cent. and 8.5 
per cent., respectively (based on KNF data). 
As at 31 December 2020, ING BSK serviced approximately 4.72 million customers (including 4.24 million 
retail customers and 486 thousand corporate clients). 
In addition to products and services offered to retail and corporate banking clients, the Group provides specialist 
financial services with regard to leasing, factoring, investment funds, pension funds, investment banking, 
electronic payment services, life insurance, debt collection services and support in the conduct of business and 
offers Internet banking products and services.  ING BSK also generates income from its investment operations 
by investing ING BSK's excess liquidity in the inter-bank and Polish treasury securities markets. 
ING BSK's distribution network consists of 290 retail branches and 1,001 cash machines as at 31 December 
2020.  As at 31 December 2020, the Group employed 8,451 full-time equivalent staff and employees.

--- Page 87 ---
80 
 
 
As at 31 December 2020, the Group had market shares in the Polish banking sector of 7.9 per cent., 9.6 per cent. 
and 9.3 per cent. in respect of the assets, amounts due to customers and loans and advances to customers, 
respectively (based on KNF and NBP data). 
The Group's share in new sales of mortgage loans to retail banking customers amounted to 19.2 per cent. as at 
31 December 2020, respectively, which puts the Group in the second place in the Polish market.  ING BSK has 
a legacy portfolio of CHF-denominated mortgage loans, the active selling of which ceased in December 2008.  
As at 30 June 2021 and as at 31 December 2020 and 2019, the share of foreign currency mortgage loans in total 
gross loan portfolio was 0.4 per cent., 0.5 per cent. and 0.8 per cent., respectively.  As at 31 December 2020, 
the amount of housing mortgage loans granted by the Group was PLN48 billion. 
ING BSK's primary residential loan products are standard repayment mortgages for financing home or 
apartment purchases, renovations or refurbishments.  These loans are secured by mortgages on the property 
being acquired or other property.  Until such mortgages are registered in the mortgage register, ING BSK insures 
the receivables under such loans during the interim period. 
Business overview of the Bank 
Spheres of activity 
The Bank's business activities as a Polish mortgage bank are subject to the Polish Covered Bonds Act.  The 
Bank's business activities include: (i) purchasing receivables under mortgage loans granted by other banks; (ii) 
issuing mortgage covered bonds; (iii) taking credits and loans; (iv) issuing bonds; (v) depositing debt securities; 
(vi) acquiring shares in other entities whose legal form ensures that the Bank's liability is limited to the value of 
funds invested by the Bank, if such investment supports the Bank's business activities, provided that the 
aggregate value of such shares does not exceed 10 per cent. of the Bank's own funds; (vii) providing consultancy 
services relating to the real estate market, including services to establish the mortgage lending value of real 
properties; and (viii) managing the receivables of the Bank and other banks under mortgage loans and granting 
these loans on behalf of other banks under agreements entered into with these banks.  The Bank does not accept 
deposits. 
The Bank focuses its business activity on acquiring mortgage loans for residential purposes granted by ING 
BSK (the pooling model), issuing covered bonds to finance or refinance the mortgage loans in the Bank's 
portfolio and entering into derivative transactions required by law.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the 
Bank does not grant or acquire commercial mortgage loans and the Bank does not purchase loans from banks 
other than ING BSK.  Loans acquired by the Bank are denominated solely in PLN.  The Bank cannot exclude 
that in the future it might start acquiring commercial real estate loans denominated in PLN or in other currencies. 
The maximum amount of a loan at the time of acquiring the loan may not exceed 100 per cent. of the mortgage 
lending value of the property. 
Loans acquired by the Bank are secured by mortgages entered in the land and mortgage register with the highest 
priority.  The mortgage may be established over the following types of real property: 
 
a house for a single family, a semi-detached house or a house for a single family with a garage or a 
semi-detached house with a garage; or 
 
flat, flat with a parking spot in a shared car park or a flat with a garage. 
The value of the property, i.e. the mortgage lending value of the property, is determined in a strictly prescribed 
form in accordance with the "Rules for determining the mortgage lending value of the property", approved by 
the KNF. 
Additionally, the Bank's claims under the loans are secured by an assignment of the borrower's pecuniary claims 
under the insurance policy against fire and other accidents relating to the property on which the mortgage is or 
will be established.   
The Bank's business activity is subject to a number of restrictions and the Bank must regularly conduct several 
tests to confirm that its activities comply with the regulatory restrictions and requirements.  The Bank follows 
the regulatory requirements and performs all required tests.  For a description of these restrictions and tests, see 
"Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation".

--- Page 88 ---
81 
 
 
From time to time the Bank may execute foreign exchange transactions and may enter into hedging transactions 
to hedge interest rate and foreign exchange risks.  Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, these transactions may 
only be entered into to support the Bank's principal business activities.  Additionally, under the Polish Covered 
Bonds Act, the Bank must hedge its foreign exchange risk if the covered bonds issued by the Bank are 
denominated in a currency different from: (i) the currency of the receivables in the cover pool; or (ii) the 
currency of cash held by the Bank or deposited by the Bank with the NBP or the currency in which the securities 
held by the Bank as substitute assets are denominated. 
The Bank's strategic position in the Group 
ING BSK set up the Bank in order to obtain long-term financing through issues of covered bonds. It would 
enable the Group to: 
 
reduce maturity mismatch between its assets and liabilities; 
 
diversity the Group’s funding sources; and 
 
lower the Group’s wholesale funding costs. 
Cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK in acquisition of mortgage loans 
The Bank's operations are based on maximum possible operational integration with ING BSK's.  The Bank 
benefits from the Group's significant market share in the Polish residential mortgage loan market and the Group's 
extensive distribution network which ensures a stable growth of the number of mortgage loans the Bank may 
acquire.  Additionally, the Bank has access to ING BSK's know-how resources relating to managing mortgage 
loans granted to individuals and to risk models developed by the Group.  The Bank closely cooperates with ING 
BSK in servicing mortgage loans acquired from ING BSK.  Because of this close cooperation between the Bank 
and ING BSK, the Bank is dependent on ING BSK in conducting its business activities. 
In its business activity, the Bank benefits from ING BSK's know-how and resources, made available to the Bank 
under the cooperation agreement dated 25 September 2018 (the Cooperation Agreement) and the framework 
agreement for transfer of mortgage loans dated 17 January 2019 (the Framework Agreement), entered into 
between the Bank and ING BSK. 
During the proceedings at the KNF concerning the establishment of the Bank, ING BSK declared to the KNF 
that it will provide the Bank with financial support.  ING BSK also committed to the KNF to maintain the Bank's 
liquidity and capital adequacy ratios above the applicable regulatory limits. 
The Cooperation Agreement 
The Cooperation Agreement covers the following areas of cooperation between the Bank and ING BSK: 
 
post-sales services for loans acquired by the Bank: 
 
post-sales services which have no impact on the risk associated with the loan, i.e. providing 
information on account balance, preparing statements from bank accounts and providing updates 
on upcoming payments, are outsourced to ING BSK and are performed by ING BSK branches as 
well as through internet banking and ING BSK's client contact centre; 
 
access to ING BSK's know-how and other resources: 
 
the Bank outsourced its back-office functions as well as processing settlements, payments, 
reconciliation of accounts and administrative support to ING BSK; 
 
both the Bank and ING BSK use the same risk evaluation tools and models for the sales and risk 
evaluation processes; 
 
both the Bank and ING BSK use the same IT systems in certain areas, however, the systems used 
by each bank store separate data and have separate access controls; 
 
the Bank uses the same suppliers as ING BSK and usually benefits from supply and services 
agreement entered into by ING BSK for the benefit of the whole Group.

--- Page 89 ---
82 
 
 
ING BSK supports the Bank in operational aspects only.  The Bank independently makes all decisions relating 
to its business activities and its credit process. 
The Framework Agreement 
The Framework Agreement regulates the transfers of mortgage loans from ING BSK to the Bank.  The loans 
are transferred in tranches and each tranche is transferred to the Bank under a separate transfer agreement.  An 
independent expert separately evaluates each tranche of loans.  The Bank must pay ING BSK 90 per cent. of 
the purchase price within thirty days from the date of the transfer.  The remaining, interest-bearing part of the 
purchase price must be paid within 18 months from the date of the transfer. 
The pooling model 
Under the pooling model, the Bank purchases from ING BSK mortgage loans originated by ING BSK.  The 
purchase of mortgage loans from ING BSK is governed by the Framework Agreement The mortgage loans 
which the Bank acquires from ING BSK must satisfy the following criteria: 
 
The principal amount of the loan to the mortgage 
lending value: 
Maximum 100% 
Title to the property: 
Separate ownership or perpetual usufruct 
(użytkowanie wieczyste) 
Security interest: 
Mortgage with the highest priority 
Currency: 
PLN 
Arrears: 
None 
Purpose of the loan: 
Residential 
Servicing of the loans 
Following the transfer of a mortgage loan, ING BSK is responsible for dealing with the customers, managing 
their loan accounts and providing information on the customers during the term of the loans.  These services are 
conducted by ING BSK under the Cooperation Agreement. 
The Bank's loan portfolio  
All loans in the Bank's cover pool are PLN-denominated mortgage loans granted to private individuals.  As at 
25 November 2021, the principal amount of the loans in the Bank's portfolio was PLN 3.944,2 thousand and the 
principal amount of the loans in the cover pool was PLN 3.047,3 thousand. 
All loans in the Bank's cover pool are floating rate loans with an interest rate based on WIBOR for six months.  
As at 25 November 2021, the average contractual maturity of the loans in the cover pool was 236 months 
(weighted average). 
The Polish Covered Bonds Act sets out the detailed eligibility criteria for a loan to be included in the cover pool.  
For a description of this criteria see "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation – Composition of the 
Cover ". 
The Bank periodically publishes disclosure reports (raporty ujawnień) regarding issuances of the mortgage 
covered bonds by the Bank and the structure of its loan portfolio.   
Composition of the Bank's cover pool 
The Bank's cover pool does not contain asset-backed securities that do not comply with paragraph 1 of Article 
80 of the Guideline (EU) 2015/510 of the European Central Bank of 19 December 2014 on the implementation 
of the Eurosystem monetary policy framework (ECB/2014/60) (recast).  These asset-backed securities have 
never been included in the Bank's cover pool and the Bank does not intend to include such asset-backed 
securities in its cover pool in the future.

--- Page 90 ---
83 
 
 
Other sources of financing 
Apart from issuing covered bonds, the Bank raises financing through: 
 
credit facilities;  
 
short-term bond issuances; and 
 
the deferred payment of purchase price for loans acquired from ING BSK. 
Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the Bank's obligations under outstanding bonds and loans and credit 
facilities cannot exceed ten times the Bank's own funds within five years from the date the Bank commenced 
its operations and six times the Bank's own funds after such five-year period. 
As at 30 June 2021, the principal amount of outstanding loans and credit facilities was PLN 3 191 942 000,00, 
the principal amount of outstanding covered bonds issued by the Bank was PLN 400 000 000,00 the principal 
amount of outstanding bonds issued by the Bank was PLN 150 000 000,00 and the amount of deferred payments 
of purchase prices for loans acquired from ING BSK was PLN 71 012 300,00. 
Risk Management 
General  
Risk management is a key internal process within the Bank.  It is aimed at ensuring the profitability of 
commercial activity by providing the control of the risk level and maintaining it within the risk tolerance and 
limits applied by the Bank in a changing macroeconomic and legal environment.  The expected level of risk 
plays an important role in the Bank's planning process. 
As a result of the statutory restrictions on activities that may be pursued by mortgage banks, the Bank's asset-
liability structure is distinct from that which generally characterises the Polish banking system.  The Bank's 
asset side consists predominantly of mortgage loans.  The Bank's liabilities consist of equity and credit facilities 
granted to the Bank.  The Bank assumes that the covered bonds it issues will also play a significant part in the 
Bank's liabilities in the future. 
Risk management within the Bank is based on the following principles: 
 
the risk management process, including the management of risk relating to the loan process, is defined 
and regulated by strategies, policies and procedures adopted by the Bank's Management Board and 
Supervisory Board; 
 
the Bank manages the liquidity risk and performs an ILAAP (Internal Liquidity Adequacy Assessment 
Process) wherein the liquidity risk management process and liquidity management methods are 
appropriate to the Bank's business model; 
 
the Bank manages all identified types of banking risks and performs an ICAAP (Internal Capital 
Adequacy Assessment Process) wherein: 
 
the risk management process is appropriate to the scale of operations and to the significance, 
scale and complexity of a given risk, and tailored to new risk factors and sources on a current 
basis; and 
 
the risk management methods, in particular the models and their assumptions, and the risk 
measurement systems are tailored to the scale and complexity of the risk, and are periodically 
verified and validated; 
 
having an organisational structure that ensures the independence of the risk area, including the 
separation of the mortgage valuation and credit decision-making processes from the Bank's commercial 
activities; 
 
integration with the planning and controlling systems and supporting the implementation of the Bank's 
strategy in compliance with the risk management strategy, particularly in terms of risk tolerance levels;

--- Page 91 ---
84 
 
 
 
the risk management process is consistent with the Group's principles of risk management, including 
the usage of the Group's risk and valuation models, modified to reflect the nature of the Bank's activities 
and approved by the Bank's Management Board and Supervisory Board; and 
 
performing stress tests based on previously approved scenarios with the results of the tests being 
discussed at committee and Management Board meetings. 
Guidelines and methodologies for measuring risk have been approved by the Bank's Management Board and 
are subject to regular review, taking into account the applicable legal and regulatory framework, economic and 
financial environment, interest rate outlook, and the overall level of market risks affecting the Bank's balance 
sheet transactions.  The Bank's guidelines and methodologies for measuring risk are aligned with the guidelines 
and methodologies for measuring risk introduced by the Group. 
Risk management process 
The process of risk management in the Bank consists of the following elements: 
 
risk identification: the identification of actual and potential sources of risk and an estimation of the 
significance of their potential influence on the financial and non-financial situation of the Bank.  Within 
the risk identification process, types of risk perceived as significant to the Bank's activities are 
identified; 
 
risk assessment and measurement: each identified risk must be assessed to determine the significance 
of this risk for the Bank.  This enables the Bank to choose the risks that require additional control 
measures and the severity of these measures.  Risks that have been identified and assessed previously 
must be re-assessed to confirm or amend the assessment made previously; 
 
risk control: establishing limit-risk levels in particular areas of operations.  Risk control covers the 
determination of control mechanisms adequate to the scale and complexity of the Bank's operations, 
particularly in the form of the Risk Appetite Statement; 
 
risk forecasting and monitoring: preparing risk-level forecasts and monitoring deviations from forecasts 
or adopted reference points (e.g. limits, thresholds, plans, measures from the previous period, 
recommendations and suggestions).  Risk monitoring is performed with a frequency appropriate to the 
significance and volatility of a specific risk type; 
 
risk reporting: periodically informing the Bank's managing and supervisory bodies (also through their 
relevant committees) of the results of risk measurement or risk assessment, actions taken and 
recommended actions.  The scope, frequency and form of reporting are adjusted to the management 
level of the recipients; and 
 
management actions: including, in particular, issuing internal regulations, establishing levels in the Risk 
Appetite Statement, establishing limits and thresholds, issuing recommendations, making decisions 
about the use of tools supporting risk management, and taking action to maintain a defined level of risk.  
The objective of management actions is to direct the risk management process and risk levels. 
The Bank's Management Board is responsible for risk management, including supervising and monitoring the 
Bank's activities. The Bank's Management Board takes the most important decisions affecting the risk profile 
of the Bank and adopts internal regulations concerning risk management. 
The risk management process is executed in three lines of defence, which are independent of one another in 
organisational and functional terms. 
The first line of defence consist of the Bank's organisational units managing risk in the operational activity of 
the Bank (in particular, Treasury and Business and Operations units). The first line of defence is responsible for 
working out, implementing and executing control mechanisms aimed at attaining the objectives of the internal 
control system. It ensures that the rules, including any relevant limits resulting from internal and external 
regulations, are observed in order to achieve compliance with applicable laws and markets standards. The 
responsibilities of the first line of defence include the analysis, control and management of risk.  
The second line of defence consists of units responsible for the areas of operational risk, model risk, compliance 
risk, legal risk, credit and market risk, finance risk, and human resources risk . The second line of defence

--- Page 92 ---
85 
 
 
supports the first line of defence in attaining the objectives of the internal control system, in particular through 
the issuance of internal regulations and ensuring the methods and tools within the internal control system are 
adequate for the bank's profile, monitoring the first line of defence's observance of control mechanisms, 
horizontal monitoring of the observance of control mechanisms within the second line of defence, performing 
independent control and quality assurance, reporting risks which may be material to the Bank as well as 
reporting identified threats and instances of non-compliance. 
The internal audit function is the third line of defence, the purpose of which is an independent review and 
assessment of the risk management system and internal control system (excluding internal audit) introduced by 
the Bank. 
Mortgage lending value 
Due to the asset structure of the Bank, the process of assessing the mortgage lending value of a property is 
critical to the operations of the Bank.   
The Bank's policy with respect to credit security and its valuation is based on the Polish Covered Bonds Act, 
the Banking Law and the Act on Land and Mortgage Register and Mortgages dated 6 July 1982 (Ustawa z dnia 
6 lipca 1982 r. o księgach wieczystych i hipotece).  The Bank's policy also takes into account the KNF's 
guidelines. 
The Bank has in place and applies the Mortgage Lending Value Calculation Rules approved by the KNF and 
issued in accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act and KNF recommendations. 
The mortgage lending value determined by the Bank reflects the long-term risk associated with property serving 
as collateral for loans advanced by the Bank and is used to calculate the maximum amount of a loan secured by 
a mortgage over a given property or to decide whether a loan secured by this property can be purchased by the 
Bank.   
The Bank calculates the mortgage lending value based on an expert's opinion, prepared with due care and 
diligence, taking into account only those characteristics of the property and expenditure necessary to build it 
which are permanent and can be obtained by any owner of the property assuming its reasonable use.  The expert's 
opinion, prepared as at a specific date, presents the assumptions and parameters based on which the analysis 
was made, the calculation process and the proposed mortgage lending value.  The opinion takes into account 
the analyses and forecasts of the parameters specific to a given property which are material for credit risk 
assessment, as well as general factors, such as population growth, unemployment rate, and regional and urban 
development. 
The mortgage lending value of a property for loans acquired by the Bank from ING BSK is determined in the 
following stages: 
 
Stage 
Description 
Legal due diligence of the real 
property 
ING BSK conducts a legal due diligence of the real property 
encumbered with the mortgage. 
Preparing a report on the property 
and a market report 
An external expert who has demonstrated to the Bank sufficient 
experience and skills in estimating banking risk associated with 
securing mortgage loans prepares a report on the property and a 
market report. 
Preparing the mortgage lending 
value valuation 
The Collateral Valuation Unit, a separate unit of the Bank, prepares 
the mortgage lending value valuation. 
Final review of the valuation and 
determining the mortgage lending 
value of the property 
The Collateral Valuation Unit, a separate unit of the Bank, conducts a 
final review of the valuation and determines the final mortgage 
lending value of the property.

--- Page 93 ---
86 
 
 
MANAGEMENT OF THE BANK 
General 
The Bank is a joint-stock company (spółka akcyjna) operating under Polish law.  The Bank, its management 
and the Bank's corporate setup are governed by the Statutes of the Bank.  The business address of all members 
of the Bank's Management Board is ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland.  The business address of all 
members of the Bank's Supervisory Board is ul. Chorzowska 50, 40-101 Katowice, Poland. 
To the best of the Bank's knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interest between the duties of the 
members of the Management Board or the Supervisory Board with respect to the Bank and their private interests 
or other duties. 
Management structure and committees 
The Management Board represents the Bank in all matters and is responsible for its day-to-day management.  
The Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the operations of the Bank.  The Supervisory Board is not 
responsible for the management of the Bank, but certain decisions require the Supervisory Board's approval. 
There is one committee within the Supervisory Board: the Audit and Risk Committee.  The Audit and Risk 
Committee supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring and supervising the financial reporting process, 
internal and external audit and the organisation of the Bank's management.  The Audit and Risk Committee also 
monitors the relationship between the Bank and the Bank's auditor.  Additionally, the Audit and Risk Committee 
supports the Supervisory Board in monitoring the risk management system. 
Management Board 
The Management Board manages the activities of the Bank, acts on the Bank's behalf and makes decisions in 
all matters regarding the Bank which are not reserved for the General Meeting or the Supervisory Board.  The 
Management Board is also responsible for making all decisions concerning issuances of covered bonds by the 
Bank.  The operations of the Management Board are further regulated by the Management Board's by-laws. 
The Management Board consists of at least three members who are appointed and dismissed by the Supervisory 
Board.  The members of the Management Board are appointed for a joint five-year term.  There are no 
restrictions on reappointment of members of the Management Board.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
the members of the Management Board are: 
 
Name 
Position 
Commencement 
of membership on 
the Management 
Board 
Commencement 
of current term of 
office 
Date of 
expiration of 
current term of 
office 
Mirosław Boda 
President of the 
Management Board 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Jacek Frejlich 
Vice-president of the 
Management Board 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Roman Telepko 
Vice-president of the 
Management Board 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
 
Supervisory Board 
The Bank's Supervisory Board is responsible for overseeing the Bank's operations.  The Supervisory Board 
appoints the Management Board members, approves the Bank's strategy and the Bank's financial plans.  The 
operations of the Supervisory Board are regulated by the by-laws of the Supervisory Board.  The Supervisory 
Board consists of at least five members appointed by the Bank's General Meeting for a joint five-year term.  
There are no limits on the reappointment of Supervisory Board members.

--- Page 94 ---
87 
 
 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Supervisory Board has the following members: 
Name 
Position 
Commencement of 
membership 
Commencement of 
current term of 
office 
Date of 
expiration of the 
current term of 
office 
Bożena Graczyk 
Chairwoman 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Marcin Giżycki 
Deputy Chairman 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Brunon 
Bartkiewicz 
Member 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Joanna Erdman 
Member 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Krzysztof Gmur 
Member 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Jacek Michalski 
Member 
10 August 2018 
26 February 2018 
26 February 2023 
Cover Pool Monitor 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, upon application by the Supervisory Board, the KNF appointed Ms 
Grażyna Zielińska as Cover Pool Monitor and Mr Krzysztof Brejda as Deputy Cover Pool Monitor.  The Cover 
Pool Monitor's responsibilities are described in "Overview of the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation" below.

--- Page 95 ---
88 
 
 
RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS 
ING BSK maintains current accounts and short-term deposit accounts for the Bank.  Moreover, the Bank's 
employees have access to credit lines which ING BSK makes available through credit cards offered to the 
Group's employees.  
All the above mentioned transactions are carried out on an arm's length basis.  The Bank and ING BSK also 
carry out transactions resulting from agreements for the sub-lease of premises used for the Bank's registered 
office, the office in Warsaw and a backup centre, support agreements concerning IT and personnel and payroll 
services. 
Furthermore, the Bank benefits from services provided by other related entities, ie SWIFT operating services 
provided by ING Belgium N.V., financial and accounting services provided by ING Usługi dla Biznesu S.A. 
and the hosting of IT applications provided by ING Business Shared Services B.V. acting through its branch in 
Poland. 
From 1 January 2020 to 31 December 2020 
ING BSK 
Other related entities 
(in PLN thousand) 
Income, including 
621.8
0.0
interest income 
621.8
0.0
Expenses, including 
56,143.4
717.7
Interest costs 
49,713.1
37.6
Commission expenses 
167.3
0.0
General and administrative expenses 
6,263.1
680.1
Receivables 
66,356.2
0.0
Amounts due from banks 
65,823.7
0.0
Property, plant and equipment 
532.4
0.0
Liabilities 
1,970,289.6
52.4
Liabilities to other banks 
1,969,597.2
0.0
Capital increase liabilities 
0.0
0.0
Other liabilities 
692.4
55.6
Including accruals 
576.8
17.1
Off-balance sheet operations 
3,031,198.9
0.0
Off-balance sheet liabilities received 
3,031,198.9
0.0
 
From 1 January 2019 to 31 December 2019 
ING BSK 
Other related entities 
(in PLN thousand) 
Income, including 
2,378.8
0.0
interest income 
2,378.8
0.0
Expenses, including 
-33,792.4
-539.6
Interest costs 
-26,946.5
-12.2
Commission expenses 
-39.8
0.0
General and administrative expenses 
-6,806.1
-527.4
Receivables 
7,978.9
0.0
Amounts due from banks 
7,249.2
0.0
Property, plant and equipment 
729.6
0.0
Liabilities 
2,660,959.0
0.0
Liabilities to other banks 
2,488,153.6
0.0
Capital increase liabilities 
170,000.0
0.0
Other liabilities 
2,805.4
61.1
Including accruals 
1,767.6
61.1
Off-balance sheet operations 
332,248.6
0.0
Off-balance sheet liabilities received 
332,248.6
0.0

--- Page 96 ---
89 
 
 
 
From 1 January 2021 to 30 June 2021 
ING BSK 
Other related entities 
(in PLN thousand) 
Income, including 
3.5
0.0
interest income 
3.5
0.0
Expenses 
-15,217.3
-60.6
Interest costs 
-11,405.1
0.0
Commission expenses 
-628.9
0.0
General and administrative expenses 
-3,183.3
-60.6
Receivables 
32,259.9
0.0
Amounts due from banks 
31,847.6
0.0
Property, plant and equipment 
412.3
0.0
Liabilities 
3,263,964.3
0.0
Liabilities to other banks 
3,262,954.3
0.0
Other liabilities 
1,010.0
0.0
Including accruals 
469.0
0.0
Off-balance sheet operations 
1,963,700.0
0.0
Off-balance sheet liabilities received 
1,809,200.0
0.0
Guarantees 
154,500.0
0.0

--- Page 97 ---
90 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF LEGAL REGULATIONS CONCERNING THE BANKING SECTOR 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Polish law concerning the 
banking sector as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Polish legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to banking activities. 
Specific legal requirements for banks 
Engaging in banking activities involves meeting multiple regulatory obligations, most of which follow directly 
from the provisions of the Banking Act dated 29 August 1997 (Ustawa z dnia 29 sierpnia 1997 r. Prawo 
bankowe) (the Banking Act), and from resolutions, ordinances and recommendations issued by the KNF.  The 
most important of these obligations relate to banks' own funds, the capital adequacy ratio, solvency ratio, 
exposure concentration, risk management systems and financial management conducted by banks. 
Banks have a duty to protect banking secrecy.  Regulations on personal data protection are particularly important 
for the functioning of banks in order to protect individual customers.  Personal data may be processed 
exclusively in compliance with detailed regulations, using technical and organisational resources which ensure 
the protection of personal data against unauthorised processing, including making it available to third parties. 
Banks must also comply with regulations for the prevention of the use of the financial system for the purpose 
of money laundering and terrorist financing. 
Certain restrictions also apply if banks retain any third parties for the performance of banking activities for and 
on behalf of the bank or for the performance of any banking-related operations. 
Agreements concluded by banks with their customers are subject to detailed regulations (see also "Consumer 
protection" below). 
Banking supervision exercised by the KNF 
In Poland, banking supervision is exercised by the KNF and covers in particular: 
 
assessing the financial position of banks, including analysing liquidity, the quality of assets, solvency 
and the financial results of banks; 
 
estimating, maintaining and reviewing internal capital; 
 
auditing the quality of risk management systems, and in particular the risk management system and 
internal control system; 
 
auditing compliance of the bank's activities with the appropriate regulations; and 
 
monitoring and controlling the bank's compliance with the exposure concentration limits and standards 
for the risk acceptable in banks' operations as determined by KNF. 
The KNF has wide powers and legal instruments which enable it to carry out supervision over banks (including 
the possibility to conduct inspections). 
Other supervisory authorities 
Some areas of banking operations are subject to the supervision of other public administration authorities, the 
most important of which are as follows: 
 
the President of the Office for Protection of Competition and Consumers with respect to protecting 
market competition and consumers' collective rights; 
 
the Head of the Data Protection Office with respect to collecting, processing, managing and protecting 
personal data; and 
 
the minister responsible for financial institutions (the Minister of Finance) and the General Inspector 
for Financial Information with respect to the prevention of money laundering and financing of terrorism.

--- Page 98 ---
91 
 
 
Bank Guarantee Fund 
The Bank Guarantee Fund covers the monetary assets deposited in bank accounts or receivable in respect of 
claims confirmed by documents issued by banks with a guarantee system.  Participation in the Bank Guarantee 
Fund is mandatory for all Polish banks and in certain instances for branches of foreign banks operating in 
Poland.  Banks covered by the guarantee system make mandatory annual payments to the Bank Guarantee Fund 
and are obliged to set up a guaranteed funds protection fund.  The mandatory guarantee system ensures that if a 
bank becomes insolvent, the funds deposited in bank accounts, up to an amount specified in the regulations, are 
returned.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, funds up to the amount equivalent to EUR100,000 per single 
person in respect of deposits in all accounts in a given bank are fully covered by the guarantee system.  Funds 
deposited in particular by government administration authorities, other banks, credit institutions, insurance 
companies, investment and pension funds are not covered by the guarantee system. 
Mortgage Credit Act 
The Mortgage Credit Act, which implements the Directive 2014/17/EU (the Mortgage Credit Directive) into 
Polish law, came into force on 22 July 2017. 
The general purpose of the Mortgage Credit Act is to improve the position of borrowers who purchase real 
estate.  The Mortgage Credit Act introduces restrictions on granting mortgage loans such as restrictions on 
currencies in which a loan may be granted, which depend on the currency of the borrower's income.  Banks will 
be allowed to tie mortgage loans with other products except the auxiliary bank account free of charge (which 
does not concern Polish mortgage banks as they are not allowed to maintain bank accounts for their clients).  It 
does not affect the cross-selling that respects the borrower's right to choose a standalone mortgage loan or other 
combined offer.  Additionally, while a bank may require the borrower to insure the property financed with the 
mortgage loan and to assign this insurance to the bank, the bank may not restrict the borrower's ability to choose 
an insurer, as long as the insurance policy meets the criteria stipulated by the bank.  The Mortgage Credit Act 
imposes several mortgage loans information requirements on banks.  The first requirement is in respect of 
advertisements concerning mortgage loans which must provide detailed information about, and refer to all 
important features of, the mortgage loans.  The next is the offer information which must be presented in a special 
information sheet and submitted to the customer after getting acquainted with his credit needs.  The information 
sheet is binding on a bank for 14 days.  Banks are also obliged to issue a credit decision within 21 days of the 
date of a loan application and to justify the refusal of granting a loan.  The third requirement is in respect of the 
content of the loan agreement, which is also strictly regulated.  It includes a customer's right to withdraw from 
the loan agreement within 14 days of the date of signing the agreement.  Therefore, these regulations have 
demanded some changes in the process of originating mortgage loans.  The Mortgage Credit Act introduces 
licensing requirements for brokerage and agent services regarding mortgage loans.  Moreover it introduces 
regular training requirements as a condition of maintaining the licence.  Banks are also required to conduct 
regular training of their employees involved in mortgage loan origination processes. 
Personal data protection 
In light of the large number of individuals serviced by banks, all the regulations concerning personal data 
protection are of particular importance to banking operations.  Personal data may be processed exclusively in 
compliance with specific regulations, while applying technical and organisational means that ensure the 
protection of personal data, particularly from disclosure to any unauthorised parties.  Additionally, the persons 
to which such data relates should have the right to access all of their personal data and to correct it. 
The General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR) entered into force on 25 May 2018.  It imposes new 
obligations and guidelines on companies in the management and processing of personal data.  This means a 
significant change for companies in their approach to the security of data storage and the issue of making it 
available to the relevant employees. 
The key challenges resulting from the GDPR's implementation result from: 
 
the definition of personal data, including identifying the person to whom the data relates, will be much 
broader; 
 
automated processing of personal data will be permitted under certain conditions;

--- Page 99 ---
92 
 
 
 
the legal rights of the individual will be increased considerably; 
 
personal data processors, controllers and data protection officers will have many new obligations related 
to providing technical and organizational protection of personal data; and 
 
administrative fines for non-compliance with the Regulation can reach EUR20 million or 4 per cent. of 
an organisation's annual worldwide turnover.  Moreover, individuals will have the right to judicial 
redress and claim compensation beyond the statutory fines.

--- Page 100 ---
93 
 
 
OVERVIEW OF THE POLISH COVERED BONDS LEGISLATION 
The following description is of a general nature and sets out certain features of Polish law governing the 
issuance of covered bonds as at the date of this Base Prospectus.  It does not purport to be, and is not, a complete 
description of all aspects of the Polish legislative and regulatory framework pertaining to the Covered Bonds. 
Introduction 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the main act of law governing the covered bonds in Poland is the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act was adopted on 29 August 1997 and came into force on 1 
January 1998.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act was significantly amended on 24 July 2015.  These amendments 
came into force on 1 January 2016.  Other laws and regulations that also apply to mortgage banks and covered 
bonds are the Bonds Act, the Banking Act, the Bankruptcy Law as well as the decrees issued by the Minister of 
Finance and the recommendations issued by the KNF. 
On 7 January 2021 the Minister of Finance, Funds and Regional Policy published the draft act implementing 
the Covered Bonds Directive into Polish law. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the legislative works 
concerning the draft legislation have not yet been finalised.  It is not yet certain what will be the final shape of 
the new legislation and when it will come into force. 
Mortgage banks 
In Poland, only specialised mortgage banks may issue covered bonds.  As at the date of this Base Prospectus, 
all mortgage banks operating in Poland are subsidiaries of a bank and a separate legal entity.  Establishing a 
mortgage bank requires a permit from the KNF and mortgage banks' activities are subject to KNF supervision. 
Mortgage banks' lending activity 
In accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the lending activities of the mortgage banks cover: (i) 
granting mortgage loans; (ii) granting loans secured by a guarantee of the State Treasury of the Republic of 
Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD member 
states, except for countries that are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their external 
indebtedness in the last five years, loans to these entities, loans to local government units and loans secured by 
a guarantee from the local government units; and (iii) purchasing loans of the type referred to in (i) and (ii) 
above from other banks. 
Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the amount of the mortgage bank's receivables under mortgage loans, in 
the part exceeding 60 per cent. of the mortgage lending value of the property, may not exceed 30 per cent. of 
the total amount of the mortgage bank's receivables under the mortgage loans.  The amount of a single mortgage 
loan, on the day the bank grants or acquires the loan, may not exceed the mortgage lending value of the secured 
property. 
Covered bonds 
Covered bonds (listy zastawne) are debt securities issued exclusively by mortgage banks under the Polish 
Covered Bonds Act.  There are two types of covered bonds: mortgage covered bonds (hipoteczne listy zastawne) 
and public covered bonds (publiczne listy zastawne).  For a description of assets constituting the basis for issuing 
mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds, see "Core assets" below. 
The covered bonds constitute direct, unconditional and unsubordinated obligations of the Bank, and rank pari 
passu among themselves and all other obligations of the Bank which have the same priority as the covered 
bonds.  Any obligations of the Bank arising from the covered bonds are obligations of the Bank the repayment 
of which can be realised from any assets of the Bank, subject to a special regime that applies in respect of the 
obligations arising from the covered bonds on the Bank's bankruptcy.  The assets which satisfy the relevant 
criteria set out in the Polish Covered Bonds Act and which cover the obligations of the Bank arising from the 
covered bonds are referred to in this Base Prospectus as the cover pool.  The Polish Covered Bonds Act sets out 
the criteria that certain assets must meet to be eligible to constitute cover for covered bonds. 
Under the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the title to assets in the cover pool is held by the Bank and these assets 
remain on the Bank's balance sheet.  Subject to certain exceptions in the course of the bankruptcy proceedings

--- Page 101 ---
94 
 
 
(described in detail in the "Bankruptcy and Insolvency" section), the holders of the covered bonds do not have 
direct access to the assets in the cover pool. 
In accordance with the Polish Covered Bonds Act, the mortgages established to secure loans included in the 
cover pool must have the highest priority.  This means that, on enforcement of the Bank's claims secured by a 
mortgage, the Bank's claims will be satisfied after the satisfaction of the enforcement costs, alimonies, and the 
statutory minimum wage for a three-month period, pensions due as compensation for an illness, inability to 
work, disability or death but ahead of the other creditors of the Bank. 
The aggregate principal amount of outstanding covered bonds may not exceed 40 times the mortgage bank's 
own funds increased by the general risk reserves created by the mortgage bank. 
Composition of the Cover Pool 
General 
A mortgage bank maintains separate cover pools for mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds.  There 
is only one cover pool for each type of covered bond, so that holders of all mortgage covered bonds have the 
benefit of the same cover pool and holders of all public covered bonds have the benefit of the same cover pool.  
The cover pool must comply with the requirements concerning, among others, the value of the assets, set out in 
the Polish Covered Bonds Act.   
Additionally, a mortgage bank must maintain a cover pool register (rejestr zabezpieczenia listów zastawnych) 
for each cover pool indicating the assets constituting the cover pool.  A mortgage bank enters both core and 
substitute assets as well as the assets in the liquidity buffer in the cover pool register.  For a description of assets 
in the liquidity buffer, please see "Liquidity buffer" below. 
The value of a loan disclosed in the cover pool register is up to the amount of the loan indicated in the relevant 
loan agreement for the loans originated or acquired by the mortgage bank.  Within three months from the end 
of each financial year, a mortgage bank will announce in "Monitor Sądowy i Gospodarczy" the aggregate value 
of assets entered in the register as at the end of the financial year. 
There are two types of assets in the cover pool: the core assets and the substitute assets.  At least 85 per cent. of 
the assets in the cover pool must be core assets.  Mortgage banks are subject to a mandatory overcollateralisation 
requirement, so that at all times the value of the assets in the cover pool must be at least 110 per cent. of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds.  If the assets in the cover pool are denominated 
in a currency different from the currency of the covered bonds, the mortgage bank is required to enter into 
transactions hedging the currency risk. 
A mortgage bank cannot dispose of the assets included in the cover pool without the prior written consent of 
the Cover Pool Monitor.  Generally, a mortgage bank can use the assets in the cover pool as collateral only for 
the covered bonds.  The only exceptions are establishing collateral for hedging transactions entered into by the 
mortgage bank and entered in the cover pool register and collateral established in favour of settlement systems 
of which a mortgage bank is a member. 
Core assets 
For the mortgage covered bonds, the core assets consist of mortgage loans, both originated by the mortgage 
bank and acquired by the mortgage bank from other banks.   
The mortgage bank may apply the proceeds from the issuance of covered bonds towards refinancing the 
mortgage loans in the cover pool.  Refinancing in relation to a single loan cannot exceed 80 per cent. of the 
mortgage lending value for residential properties and 60 per cent. of the mortgage lending value for other 
properties. 
A mortgage securing a loan to be included in the cover pool must have the highest priority.  The mortgage bank 
may disburse the funds to the borrower before the mortgage is entered in the land and mortgage register if the 
bank received interim security. 
Loans secured by mortgages over real property on which construction works are pending cannot exceed 10 per 
cent. of the aggregate principal amount of loans in the cover pool.  Loans secured by mortgages over real

--- Page 102 ---
95 
 
 
property on which there are no buildings, but which is designated for construction in the applicable zoning plan, 
cannot exceed 10 per cent. of this limit. 
For public covered bonds, the core assets are: (i) loans secured by a guarantee of the State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD 
member states, except for states which are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their 
external indebtedness in the last five years; (ii) loans to the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland, the NBP, 
the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD member states, except for 
states which are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their external indebtedness in the 
last five years; (iii) loans to local government units; and (iv) loans secured by a guarantee from the local 
government units. 
Substitute assets 
The substitute assets, for both mortgage covered bonds and public covered bonds, are securities issued or 
guaranteed by the State Treasury of the Republic of Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments 
and central banks of the EU and OECD member states, except for states which are restructuring their external 
indebtedness or have restructured their external indebtedness in the last five years, cash deposited by the 
mortgage bank with the NBP and cash held by the mortgage bank. 
Liquidity buffer 
A mortgage bank has to maintain a liquidity buffer.  The value of the assets in the liquidity buffer must be at 
least the amount of interest payable under the outstanding covered bonds in the next six months.  The only assets 
that can be included in the liquidity buffer are: (i) securities issued or guaranteed by the State Treasury of the 
Republic of Poland, the NBP, the European Central Bank, governments and central banks of the EU and OECD 
member states, except for states which are restructuring their external indebtedness or have restructured their 
external indebtedness in the last five years; (ii) cash deposited by the mortgage bank with the NBP; and (iii) 
cash held by the mortgage bank.  The assets included in the liquidity buffer cannot be used as a base for issuing 
covered bonds. 
Derivatives 
When calculating the value of the cover pool and the liquidity buffer the value of hedging arrangements to 
which the mortgage bank is a counterparty is also taken into account provided that the following conditions are 
met: 
 
the purpose of the hedging arrangement and the assets and liabilities to be hedged by that contract were 
formally designated before the hedging arrangement was concluded; 
 
the hedging instrument and the hedged assets or liabilities provided for in the hedging arrangement have 
similar characteristics, including, in particular, with regard to the nominal values, maturities, and the 
effects of interest rate or exchange rate changes; and 
 
the degree of certainty as to the expected cash flows from the hedging arrangement is significant. 
Valuation of assets in the Cover Pool 
As required by the Polish Covered Bonds Act, a mortgage bank should determine the mortgage lending value 
of a real property in a prudent and cautious manner.  The mortgage lending value of a property is determined 
on the basis of valuation prepared by the mortgage bank or by a separate entity.  The Cover Pool Monitor and 
the KNF may review the valuation.  The detailed principles of determining the mortgage lending value of a real 
property are issued by the management board of a mortgage bank and are subject to the KNF's approval.  Under 
Recommendation F issued by the KNF, if the valuation is conducted by the mortgage bank, it should be 
conducted by a separate organisational unit within the mortgage bank, independent from the units responsible 
for selling mortgage loans and handling the loan application process.  Additionally, Recommendation F provides 
that a simplified valuation procedure may be adopted for credit exposures whose value does not exceed 
PLN300,000 for properties located in Warsaw, Cracow, Poznań, Wrocław, Gdańsk, Sopot or Gdynia and

--- Page 103 ---
96 
 
 
PLN200,000 for properties located elsewhere.  For more information on the valuation process please see 
"Mortgage lending value". 
The role of the Cover Pool Monitor 
The Polish Covered Bonds Act governs the appointment and the responsibilities of the Cover Pool Monitor and 
the Deputy Cover Pool Monitor. 
The Cover Pool Monitor monitors whether: 
 
there is appropriate coverage for the outstanding covered bonds; 
 
the mortgage lending value of the property was established in accordance with rules of establishing the 
mortgage lending value of the property adopted by the mortgage bank; 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the required overcollateralisation level and liquidity buffer; 
 
the results of the liquidity test and the coverage test confirm that the claims of the holders of the covered 
bonds can be satisfied in full; 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the cover pool register in accordance with the applicable regulations; and 
 
the mortgage bank maintains the appropriate cover pool and makes the required entries in the cover 
pool register. 
The Cover Pool Monitor must notify the KNF if it identifies any non-compliance by the mortgage bank with 
the applicable regulations or if the result of the coverage test or the liquidity test is negative.  On a monthly 
basis, the Cover Pool Monitor must provide the KNF with a copy of the cover pool register for the preceding 
month countersigned by the Cover Pool Monitor. 
There must be one Cover Pool Monitor and at least one Deputy Cover Pool Monitor at a mortgage bank.  
Additional Deputy Cover Pool Monitors may be appointed if it is required due to the scale of the mortgage 
bank's operations.  The Cover Pool Monitors and the Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are individuals who are 
citizens of an EU member state, have a university degree and can guarantee the proper performance of their 
obligations. 
The Cover Pool Monitor and the Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are appointed by the KNF, upon application from 
the mortgage bank's supervisory board, for a six-year term and may be appointed for one additional term. 
The Cover Pool Monitor and Deputy Cover Pool Monitors are independent in performing their duties. 
Monitoring the Cover Pool 
The mortgage bank conducts the collateralisation review (rachunek zabezpieczeń).  The mortgage bank monitors 
daily the satisfaction of the overcollateralisation requirements and verifies whether the mortgage bank's interest 
income from assets in the cover pool is not lower than interest payable under the outstanding covered bonds.  
Additionally, each mortgage bank has to perform two periodic tests: the coverage test and the liquidity test. 
The coverage test verifies whether the value of the assets in the cover pool allows for full satisfaction of all 
claims under the outstanding covered bonds.  Under the decree of the Minister of Finance dated 30 December 
2015, a mortgage bank should perform the coverage test using the following formula: 
 
core assets + substitute assets + hedging instruments + liquidity buffer 
principal amount of outstanding covered bonds + costs of liquidating bankruptcy asset pool + due and 
unpaid interest 
 
The purpose of the liquidity test is to verify that the value of the assets in the cover pool is sufficient for full 
satisfaction of all claims under the outstanding covered bonds even if the maturity of the covered bonds is 
extended in bankruptcy proceedings.  Under the decree of the Minister of Finance, a mortgage bank should 
perform the liquidity test for a six-month period and a 12-month period.

--- Page 104 ---
97 
 
 
The liquidity test for the six-month period is conducted using the following formula: 
(Substitute assets + liquidity buffer + net proceeds under hedging instruments for the next six months) ‒  
(Interest payable in the next six months + 
principal amount of covered bonds that fall due in the next six months + 
cost for the next six months of liquidating bankruptcy asset pool) 
The liquidity test for the 12-month period is conducted using the following formula: 
(Substitute assets + liquidity buffer + net proceeds under hedging instruments for the next 12 months + 
interest under receivables in the cover pool for the next 12 months + 
repayment of principal of receivables in the cover pool for the next 12 months) ‒ 
(Interest payable in the next 12 months + 
principal amount of covered bonds that fall due in the next 12 months + 
obligations towards holders that became due but were not paid before the date of declaration of bankruptcy + 
costs for the next 12 months of liquidating bankruptcy asset pool) 
The liquidity test should be performed by taking into account interest and principal amount payable in respect 
of covered bonds: (i) in the next six months; and (ii) in the next 12 months. 
In conducting the tests, the mortgage bank should take into account foreign exchange and interest rate 
differences if such differences were not hedged with appropriate hedging transactions.  The tests are conducted 
by reference to the market conditions as at the day of the test and by reference to adverse market conditions. 
The liquidity test must be performed at least every three months and the coverage test must be performed every 
six months.  The test results are positive if they demonstrate that as at the date of conducting the tests, the assets 
entered in the cover pool register were sufficient to satisfy the claims of holders of the covered bonds in full.  
The test results are verified by the Cover Pool Monitor.  If the result of any test is negative, the Cover Pool 
Monitor must notify the KNF.

--- Page 105 ---
98 
 
 
BANKRUPTCY AND INSOLVENCY 
Recovery plan 
If a mortgage bank is in breach of the capital adequacy requirements, there is a threat that a mortgage bank 
might breach the capital adequacy requirements, the financial position of the mortgage bank deteriorated 
materially, the mortgage bank demonstrates a loss, there is a threat that the mortgage bank may demonstrate a 
loss, there is a risk that the mortgage bank may become insolvent or illiquid, the leverage ratio is increasing, the 
value of non-performing loans or the concentration of exposure is increasing, the mortgage bank should notify 
the KNF and BGF and implement a recovery plan (plan naprawy). 
The KNF may: 
 
request the mortgage bank to implement the recovery plan; 
 
order the mortgage bank to stop granting loans to the bank's shareholders, the members of the bank's 
management board and supervisory board, and the bank's employees; 
 
request the mortgage bank to decrease certain variable elements of the remuneration of individuals 
holding managerial positions in the mortgage bank or to suspend payment of these variable elements; 
 
request the mortgage bank's management board to convene a general meeting of the shareholders to 
ascertain the situation of the mortgage bank, adopt a decision on covering the balance sheet loss and 
take other decisions, including a decision on increasing the mortgage bank's own funds; 
 
request the mortgage bank to dismiss a person holding a managerial position at the mortgage bank; 
 
order the mortgage bank to prepare and implement a restructuring plan (plan restrukturyzacji); 
 
request the mortgage bank to amend its business strategy; or 
 
request the bank to amend its constitutional documents or the organisational structure. 
The KNF may also appoint a trustee (kurator) to oversee the execution of the recovery plan.  The trustee may 
participate in the meetings of the mortgage bank's governing bodies and has access to all information necessary 
to perform his duties.  The trustee may also file with the relevant court an objection against the decisions of the 
mortgage bank's management board and supervisory board. 
If the measures ordered by the KNF are insufficient or the implementation of the recovery plan is insufficient 
to remedy the situation of the bank, the KNF may decide to appoint a receiver (zarząd komisaryczny).  The 
receiver replaces the management board and the supervisory board and takes over the management of the 
mortgage bank.  The receiver prepares a recovery plan and, after agreeing the plan with the KNF, executes it. 
Liquidation 
If, after six months from convening an extraordinary general meeting of the shareholders referred to in 
"Recovery plan" above, the loss of the mortgage bank exceeds half of the mortgage bank's own funds, the KNF 
may revoke the bank's banking licence and order its liquidation 
The liquidation of a bank is conducted by a liquidator (likwidator) appointed by the KNF.  Upon the liquidator's 
appointment, the management board of the bank is dismissed and the supervisory board is suspended.  The 
liquidator takes over the management of the bank and represents the bank in all matters.  The purpose of the 
liquidation proceedings is to collect the bank's outstanding claims, liquidate its assets and terminate the bank's 
operations.  The claims of the holders of the covered bonds and the counterparties to eligible hedging are 
satisfied from the assets in the cover pool ahead of claims of other creditors of the mortgage bank.  The claims 
of the bank's shareholders are satisfied after the satisfaction of the claims of the other creditors of the bank.  
Once the liquidator completes the liquidation, the liquidator files a report with the KNF and applies to the court 
maintaining the register of entrepreneurs (rejestr przedsiębiorców) to delete the bank from the register of 
entrepreneurs.  The bank ceases to exist on the day it is deleted from the register of entrepreneurs.

--- Page 106 ---
99 
 
 
Compulsory Restructuring 
The Directive 2014/59/EU providing for the establishment of an EU-wide framework for the recovery and 
resolution of credit institutions and investment firms (the BRRD) was implemented in Poland by the Resolution 
Act which entered into force on 9 October 2016. 
Under the Resolution Act, the BFG became the applicable resolution authority and was granted broad powers 
with respect to the Polish banks and other financial institutions (a Resolution Entity).  The BFG can either 
initiate compulsory restructuring proceedings concerning a Resolution Entity or decide to apply the bail-in tools 
concerning its capital instruments if (i) the threat of that Resolution Entity's insolvency cannot be ruled out by 
steps taken by it or its supervisory authorities, or (ii) initiating such BFG's actions are in the public interest. 
BFG can apply the following resolution tools with respect to the Resolution Entity: 
 
sale of business; 
 
bridge institution; 
 
asset separation; and 
 
bail-in (i.e. compulsory write-down or conversion of Resolution Entity's obligations). 
The above tools may be applied separately or in any combination save that asset separation can only be applied 
in conjunction with another resolution tool. 
In addition to the resolution tools, the Resolution Act grants certain resolution powers to BFG, including: 
 
the right to suspend the termination rights of a party to an agreement with the Resolution Entity until 
midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication notice of that suspension 
occurs; 
 
the right to suspend the termination rights of a party to an agreement with a subsidiary of the Resolution 
Entity until midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication notice of that 
suspension occurs, provided that certain conditions are met; 
 
the right to suspend the performance of any due obligations of the Resolution Entity under an agreement 
until midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication notice of that suspension 
occurs; and 
 
the right to suspend the rights of a secured creditor to enforce a security interest concerning any assets 
of the Resolution Entity until midnight on the business day following the date on which the publication 
notice of that suspension occurs. 
The above suspension rules do not apply to certain types of claims specified in detail in the Resolution Act 
If the BFG decides that a mortgage bank's liabilities under covered bonds should be transferred to another entity, 
this transfer should not limit the rights of the holders of covered bonds or affect the collateralisation of covered 
bonds.  Furthermore, the obligations of mortgage banks under covered bonds and hedging instruments entered 
into the cover pool register may be subject to a compulsory write-down or conversion only to the extent the 
value of the cover pool is not sufficient to satisfy all claims under covered bonds issued by the Bank. 
A party to an agreement with the Resolution Entity cannot terminate that agreement due to BFG's declaration 
of the initiation of the Resolution Proceedings or due to BFG's performance of its rights within the resolution 
proceedings, assuming that all the principal obligations under that agreement to make payments or deliveries or 
provide collateral continue to be performed by the applicable Resolution Entity. 
Bankruptcy 
General 
If, according to the balance sheet prepared as at the last day of the relevant reporting period, the assets of the 
bank are not sufficient to satisfy the bank's obligations, the management board, the receiver or the liquidator 
must promptly notify the KNF.  The KNF will take a decision on whether to suspend the bank's operations and 
appoint a receiver if a receiver was not previously appointed and will file a petition to the relevant court for the

--- Page 107 ---
100 
 
 
commencement of bankruptcy proceedings.  The KNF will also suspend the bank's operations and appoint a 
receiver and will file a petition for the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings if, for reasons directly 
connected with the financial situation of the bank, the bank fails to satisfy its obligations to pay the guaranteed 
funds specified in Article 2 item 68 of the Resolution Act. 
KNF is not permitted to file a petition to the relevant court for the commencement of bankruptcy proceedings 
if BFG has commenced compulsory restructuring in respect of the bank.  However, under the Resolution Act, 
the BFG is also authorised to file a motion to declare a mortgage bank bankrupt if in the course of compulsory 
restructuring the application of certain resolution tools, i.e. sale of business, bridge institution, and/or asset 
separation did not result in the sale of the bank subject to the proceedings and according to the balance sheet 
prepared as at the last day of the relevant reporting period, the assets of the bank are not sufficient to satisfy the 
bank's obligations. 
Before declaring a bank's bankruptcy, the bankruptcy court will question a representative of the KNF, the 
members of the bank's management board and receiver, and the liquidator regarding the grounds for declaring 
the bank bankrupt and the candidates for the bankruptcy receiver (syndyk). 
On the day the bank is declared bankrupt, the management and supervisory bodies of the bank are dissolved.  
The receivership and the appointment of the liquidator expire.  Additionally, the rights of the members of the 
bank's corporate bodies to receive severance payments and remuneration for the period after the declaration of 
bankruptcy expires. 
Additionally, on the day the bank is declared bankrupt: 
 
bank account agreements are terminated and interest on deposits is calculated until the date of 
declaration of bankruptcy; and 
 
loan agreements are terminated if the funds were not disbursed prior to the date of declaration of 
bankruptcy. 
Position of holders of covered bonds 
On the declaration of a mortgage bank's bankruptcy, the following assets will constitute a separate bankruptcy 
asset pool: 
 
the assets in the cover pool, including the rights under the hedging arrangements which comply with 
the requirements described in "Overview of the Polish covered bonds legislation – Composition of the 
cover pool – Derivatives"; 
 
the assets in the liquidity buffer; 
 
proceeds from payments under receivables in the cover pool; and 
 
assets acquired by the mortgage bank in exchange for assets in the cover pool. 
If there is doubt whether a mortgage bank's asset should be included in the separate bankruptcy asset pool, for 
the purpose of the bankruptcy proceedings, it is included in the bankruptcy estate up to its value indicated in the 
cover pool register. 
If there is any surplus left in the separate bankruptcy asset pool after satisfying the claims of the holders of the 
covered bonds, it is added to the general bankruptcy estate of the mortgage bank. 
In principle, the mortgage bank's creditors cannot set-off their claims against the mortgage bank with the 
mortgage bank's claims against these creditors included in the separate bankruptcy asset pool.  The only 
exceptions are: 
 
set-off of claims under hedging transactions indicated in the cover pool register; and 
 
settlement of claims between the mortgage bank and the payment and settlement system of which the 
mortgage bank is a member as well as settlement of financial collateral granted by the mortgage bank. 
The rules concerning satisfaction of claims of the holders of covered bonds on a mortgage bank's bankruptcy 
also apply to satisfaction of claims of counterparties to hedging transactions entered into by the mortgage bank 
which are entered in the cover pool register.

--- Page 108 ---
101 
 
 
The bankruptcy court will appoint, upon consultation with the KNF, a trustee (kurator) who will represent the 
holders of the covered bonds in the bankruptcy proceedings.  The holders of the covered bonds may also 
participate in the bankruptcy proceedings after receiving consent from the judge-commissioner (sędzia 
komisarz) conducting the proceedings. 
The bankruptcy court will also appoint a bankruptcy receiver.  The bankruptcy receiver takes over the 
management of the mortgage bank's assets from the bank's management and should liquidate the bankrupt bank's 
assets.  From his appointment, the bankruptcy receiver acts in his own name, but on behalf of the bankrupt bank. 
Within 21 days from the day of declaration of the mortgage bank's bankruptcy, the trustee will report to the 
bankruptcy estate: 
 
the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds which became due before the date of 
declaration of bankruptcy; 
 
the aggregate amount of all interest outstanding under the covered bonds; and 
 
the aggregate principal amount all outstanding covered bonds due after the date of declaration of 
bankruptcy, interest due after the date of declaration of bankruptcy and any applicable premiums. 
On the date of declaration of bankruptcy, the maturity of all outstanding covered bonds is extended by 12 
months.  The obligations towards holders of the covered bonds which became due before the declaration of 
bankruptcy and which were not paid are satisfied within 12 months from the date of the declaration of 
bankruptcy, but no earlier than the day falling after the results of the coverage test and the liquidity test are 
announced.  Due interest under the covered bonds is paid in the manner set out in the terms and conditions of 
the covered bonds. 
Within three months from the date the bank was declared bankrupt, the bankruptcy receiver is required to 
conduct the coverage test and the liquidity test (for a detailed description of the tests, please see "Overview of 
the Polish Covered Bonds Legislation – Monitoring the Cover ").  The results of the tests are positive if the 
separate bankruptcy asset pool is sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of all outstanding covered bonds.  
The test results are published by the judge-commissioner. 
If the results of both tests are positive, the claims under the covered bonds are satisfied in accordance with the 
terms and conditions of the covered bonds, taking into account the extension of maturity of the covered bonds 
by 12 months.  In this scenario the receiver may enter into hedging transactions. 
Within two months from the date the test results are announced, a meeting of holders of the covered bonds may 
request the receiver, by way of resolution adopted with a majority of two-thirds of votes of holders of the 
outstanding covered bonds, to sell all receivables and rights in the separate bankruptcy asset pool: 
 
to another mortgage bank together with transferring to the purchaser all obligations of the bankrupt 
bank under the covered bonds; or 
 
to another bank or another mortgage bank without transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the 
bankrupt bank under the covered bonds. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may be convened if a request for convening the meeting is made 
within a month from the date the test results are announced.  If this resolution is adopted, interest under the 
covered bonds until the date of sale of the assets is paid from the assets in the separate bankruptcy asset pool.   
If the proceeds from the sale of assets in the separate bankruptcy asset pool reduced by the interest under the 
outstanding covered bonds payable in the next six months and the amount of claims of holders of the covered 
bonds which became due before the date of declaration of bankruptcy and which were not paid before that date, 
are at least five per cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds, the claims of the holders of 
the covered bonds may be satisfied pro rata before the extended maturity date.  These proceeds will be paid to 
the holders of the covered bonds on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than 14 days after the day on 
which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress of the bankruptcy 
proceedings becomes final and binding. 
If the results of the coverage test are positive and the results of the liquidity test are negative, the maturity date 
of the covered bonds, including the covered bonds which became due before the date of declaration of

--- Page 109 ---
102 
 
 
bankruptcy, is extended to the date falling three years after the latest maturity date of a mortgage bank's 
receivables in the cover pool.  If there is an excess in proceeds under the loans received by the bank, after 
deducting interest payable in the next six months and the costs of bankruptcy proceedings of at least 5 per cent. 
of the principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds, the holders of the covered bonds shall receive 
payments under the covered bonds before the extended maturity date.  These payments will be made pro rata 
on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than 14 days after the day on which the decision of the judge-
commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress of the bankruptcy proceedings becomes final and 
binding. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may, within three months from the date of announcing the results 
of the tests, adopt a resolution on disapplying the extension of the maturity date or on the sale of the assets in 
the cover pool.  The assets in the cover pool may be sold to another bank which is not a mortgage bank without 
transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the bankrupt bank under the covered bonds.  The assets in the 
cover pool, possession of which is not restricted to banks, may also be sold to an entity which is not a bank. 
If the results of the coverage test are negative, the maturity date of the covered bonds, including the covered 
bonds which became due before the date of declaration of bankruptcy, is extended to the date falling three years 
after the latest maturity date of a mortgage bank's receivable in the cover pool.  If there is an excess in proceeds 
under the loans received by the bank, after deducting interest payable in the next six months and the costs of 
bankruptcy proceedings, of at least 5 per cent. of the principal amount of the outstanding covered bonds, the 
holders of the covered bonds shall receive payments under the covered bonds before the extended maturity date.  
These payments will be made on the next interest payment date, but not earlier than 14 days after the day on 
which the decision of the judge-commissioner approving the receiver's report on the progress of the bankruptcy 
proceedings becomes final and binding. 
A meeting of the holders of the covered bonds may, however, adopt a resolution on disapplication of the 
extension of the maturity date or on sale of the assets in the cover pool.  The assets in the cover pool may be 
sold to another bank which is not a mortgage bank without transferring to the purchaser the obligations of the 
bankrupt bank under the covered bonds.  The assets in the cover pool, possession of which is not restricted to 
banks, may also be sold to an entity which is not a bank. 
The order of priority of satisfaction of claims from the separate bankruptcy asset pool is as follows: 
 
costs of liquidating the separate bankruptcy asset pool which include the trustee's fee, interest and other 
ancillary payments under the covered bonds; and 
 
the outstanding principal amount of the covered bonds. 
If the separate bankruptcy asset pool is not sufficient to satisfy the claims of the holders of the covered bonds, 
these claims will be satisfied from the general bankruptcy estate.  The funds from the general bankruptcy estate 
designated for satisfying the claims of the holders of the covered bonds will be transferred to the separate 
bankruptcy asset pool.

--- Page 110 ---
103 
 
 
TAXATION 
The following is a discussion of certain Polish tax considerations relevant to an investor resident in Poland or 
which is otherwise subject to Polish taxation.  This statement should not be deemed to be tax advice.  It is based 
on Polish tax laws and, as its interpretation refers to the position as at the date of this prospectus, it may thus 
be subject to change including a change with retroactive effect.  Any change may negatively affect tax treatment, 
as described below.  This description does not purport to be complete with respect to all tax information that 
may be relevant to investors due to their personal circumstances.  Prospective purchasers of the Securities are 
advised to consult their professional tax advisor regarding the tax consequences of the purchase, ownership, 
disposal, redemption or transfer without consideration of the Covered Bonds.  The information provided below 
does not cover tax consequences concerning income tax exemptions applicable to specific taxable items or 
specific taxpayers (e.g. domestic or foreign investment funds). 
The reference to "interest" as well as to any other terms in the paragraphs below means "interest" or any other 
term as understood in Polish tax law. 
(a) 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident private investor (natural person) 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Personal Income Tax Act dated 26 July (the PIT Act), natural persons, if residing 
in the Republic of Poland, are liable for tax on their total income (revenue) irrespective of the location 
of the sources of revenue (unlimited obligation to pay tax). 
Under Art. 3.1a of the PIT Act, a Polish tax resident individual is a natural person who (i) has his/her 
centre of personal or business interests located in Poland or (ii) stays in Poland for longer than 183 days 
in a year, unless any relevant tax treaty dictates otherwise. 
(i) 
Income from capital investments other than interest 
Income other than interest derived by a Polish tax resident individual from debt financial 
instruments held as non-business assets, including income from a transfer of securities for 
consideration, qualify as capital income according to Art. 17 of PIT Act.  This income does not 
cumulate with the general income subject to the progressive tax scale but is subject to a 19 per 
cent. flat rate tax.  The costs of acquiring the Covered Bonds are recognised at the time the 
revenue is achieved. Based on Art. 17.2 and Art. 19.1 of the PIT Act, if the price expressed in 
the contract without a valid reason significantly deviates from the market value, the amount of 
income is determined by the tax authority or fiscal control authority in the amount of the market 
value.  
In principle, this income should be settled by the taxpayer by 30 April of the year following the 
year in which the income was earned.  No tax or tax advances should be withheld by the person 
making the payments. 
(ii) 
Withholding tax on interest income 
Under Art. 30a.7 of the PIT Act, interest income (discount) does not cumulate with general 
income subject to the progressive tax rate but under Art. 30a.1.2 of the PIT Act it is subject to 
19 per cent. flat rate tax. 
Under Article 41.4 of the PIT Act, the interest payer, other than an individual not acting within 
the scope of his/her business activity, should withhold the 19 per cent. Polish tax upon any 
interest payment.  Under the Art. 41.4d of the PIT Act, tax on interest or discount on securities 
is withheld by entities keeping securities accounts for taxpayers, in their capacity as tax 
remitters, if the income (revenue) is earned in the territory of Poland and is associated with the 
securities registered in these accounts, and, further, if relevant payments are made to the 
taxpayers through those entities.  This principle also applies to remitters who are payers of

--- Page 111 ---
104 
 
 
corporate income tax and are subject to limited tax liability in Poland, to the extent they conduct 
their business through a foreign establishment and it is to that establishment's operations that 
the securities account is linked.  There are no regulations defining in which cases income earned 
(revenue) by a Polish tax resident should be considered income (revenue) earned in Poland.  
However, it is expected those cases will be analogous to those of non-residents.  Pursuant to 
Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act, income (revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents 
shall include in particular income (revenues) from: 
(A) 
work performed in the Republic of Poland based on a service relationship, employment 
relationship, outwork system and co-operative employment relationship irrespective of 
the place where remuneration is paid; 
(B) 
activity performed in person in the Republic of Poland irrespective of the place where 
remuneration is paid; 
(C) 
economic activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(D) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from disposal of any rights to such 
property; 
(E) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them; 
(F) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character 
or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of such company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(G) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the PIT Act); 
(H) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding and performing the agreement; and/or 
(I) 
unrealised gains as referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
The above list is not exhaustive; therefore, the tax authorities may also consider that income 
(revenues) not listed above is sourced in Poland. 
Given the above, each situation should be analysed to determine whether interest earned by a 
Polish tax resident individual from the Covered Bonds is considered to be income sourced in 
Poland and whether the entity operating the securities account for the individual will withhold 
the tax.  Since the Issuer is a Polish entity, as a rule interest from the Covered Bonds should be 
considered as earned in the territory of Poland.

--- Page 112 ---
105 
 
 
Although this is not clearly regulated in Polish tax law, in fact, foreign entities do not act as 
Polish withholding tax remitters (save when such foreign entities operate by way of a branch 
that constitutes a tax establishment in Poland).  Therefore, it should be expected that the Bank 
itself or a non-Polish entity operating the Covered Bonds account for the individual will not 
withhold the tax. 
According to Article 45.3b of the PIT Act, if the tax is not withheld, the individual is obliged 
to settle the tax himself/herself by 30 April of the following year. 
Separate rules apply to interest income on Covered Bonds held in Polish omnibus accounts 
(within the meaning of the provisions of the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, 
hereinafter Omnibus Accounts).  Under Art. 41.10 of the PIT Act, insofar as securities 
registered in Omnibus Accounts are concerned, the entities operating Omnibus Accounts 
through which the amounts due are paid are liable to withhold the flat-rate income tax on 
interest income.  The tax is charged on the day of placing the amounts due at the disposal of the 
Omnibus Account holder. 
Pursuant to Art. 30a.2a of the PIT Act, with respect to income (revenue) from interest 
transferred to taxpayers holding rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts 
whose identity has not been revealed to the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading 
in Financial Instruments, a 19% flat-rate tax is withheld by the tax remitter (under Art. 41.10 
of the PIT Act the entity operating the Omnibus Account) from the aggregate income (revenue) 
released for the benefit of all such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.   
Under Art. 45.3c of the PIT Act, taxpayers are obliged to disclose the amount of interest 
(discount) on securities in their annual tax return if the securities were registered in an Omnibus 
Account and the taxpayer's identity was not disclosed to the tax remitter. 
Under Art. 30a.9 of the PIT Act, withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries 
which have not concluded a tax treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid 
abroad, but not higher than 19 per cent. tax on the interest amount, could be deducted from the 
Polish tax liability.  Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax 
settlements. 
(iii) 
Covered Bonds held as business assets 
If an individual holds the Covered Bonds as business assets, in principle, interest (discount) and 
income from a transfer of securities for consideration should be subject to tax in the same way 
as other business income.  The tax, at 19 per cent. flat rate or the 17 per cent. to 32 per cent. 
progressive tax rate depending on the choice and meeting of certain conditions , should be 
settled by the individuals themselves.   
(b) 
Taxation of a Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer 
Under Art. 3.1 of the Corporate Income Tax Act dated 15 February 1992 (the "CIT Act") the entire 
income of taxpayers who have their registered office or place of management in Poland is subject to tax 
obligation in Poland, irrespective of where the income is earned. 
The appropriate tax rate is the same as the tax rate applicable to business activity, i.e. 19 per cent. for a 
corporate income taxpayer or 9 per cent. for small and new taxpayers. 
A Polish tax resident corporate income taxpayer is subject to income tax in respect of the Covered 
Bonds (both on any capital gains and on interest/discount) following the same principles as those which 
apply to any other income received from business activity within the same source of income.  As a rule, 
for Polish income tax purposes interest is recognised as revenue on a cash basis, i.e. when it is received

--- Page 113 ---
106 
 
 
and not when it has accrued.  In respect of capital gains, the cost of acquiring the Covered Bonds will 
be recognised at the time the revenue is achieved. Revenue from a transfer of securities for consideration 
is, in principle, their value expressed as the price specified in the contract.  If the price expressed in the 
contract, without a valid reason, significantly deviates from the market value, the revenue amount is 
determined by the tax authority as an amount equivalent to the market value (Art. 14 of the CIT Act).  
In the case of income from the transfer of securities for consideration, tax deductible costs are generally 
recognised when the corresponding revenue has been received.  The taxpayer (without the remitter’s 
participation) settles income tax on interest/discount and on the transfer of securities for consideration, 
which is settled along with other income from the taxpayer’s business activity within the same source 
of income.  
Regarding the proper source of revenue, in principle, the income (revenue) from the Covered Bonds, 
including their transfer against a consideration, is combined with revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.1 
of the CIT Act).  In the case of insurers, banks and some other entities (financial institutions), this 
revenue is included in revenues other than revenues from capital gains (Art. 7b.2) of the CIT Act). 
Although no Polish withholding tax should apply on interest payable to Polish corporate income 
taxpayers, under specific rules applying to interest income on securities held in Omnibus Accounts, 
under Art. 26.2a of the CIT Act, for income (revenue) from interest transferred to taxpayers holding 
rights attached to securities registered in Omnibus Accounts whose identity has not been revealed to 
the tax remitter in accordance with the Act on Trading in Financial Instruments, a 20 per cent. flat-rate 
tax is withheld by the tax remitter from the aggregate income (revenue) released for the benefit of all 
such taxpayers through the Omnibus Account holder.  If such tax is withheld for a Polish tax resident 
corporate income taxpayer, to receive a refund of such tax, the entity should contact its tax advisor. 
Any withholding tax incurred outside Poland (including countries which have not concluded any tax 
treaty with Poland), up to an amount equal to the tax paid abroad, but not higher than the tax calculated 
in accordance with the applicable domestic tax rate, can be deducted from the Polish tax liability. 
Double tax treaties can provide other methods of withholding tax settlements. 
(c) 
Covered Bonds held by a non-Polish tax resident (natural person or corporate income taxpayer) 
Under Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, natural persons, if they do not reside in Poland, are liable to pay tax 
only on income (revenue) earned in Poland (limited obligation to pay tax).  
Under Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, in the case of taxpayers who do not have their registered office or 
management in Poland, only the income they earn in Poland is subject to taxation in Poland. 
Non-Polish tax residents who are natural persons or corporate income tax payers are subject to Polish 
income tax only with respect to their income earned in Poland.  Under Art. 3.3 of the CIT Act, income 
(revenues) earned in the Republic of Poland by non-residents shall include in particular income 
(revenues) from:  
(A) 
all types of activity pursued in the Republic of Poland, including through a foreign 
establishment located in the Republic of Poland; 
(B) 
immovable property located in the Republic of Poland or rights to such property, 
including from its disposal in whole or in part, or from the disposal of any rights to 
such property; 
(C) 
securities and derivatives other than securities, admitted to public trading in the 
Republic of Poland as part of the regulated stock exchange market, including those 
obtained from the disposal of these securities or derivatives, or the exercise of rights 
resulting from them;

--- Page 114 ---
107 
 
 
(D) 
the transfer of ownership of shares in a company, of all rights and obligations in a 
partnership without legal personality, or participation in an investment fund, a 
collective investment undertaking or other legal entity and rights of similar character 
or from receivables being a consequence of holding those shares, rights and obligations, 
participation or rights, if at least 50 per cent. of the value of assets of such company, 
partnership, investment fund, collective investment undertaking or legal entity is 
constituted, directly or indirectly, by immovable properties located in the Republic of 
Poland, or rights to such immovable properties; 
(E) 
the transfer of ownership of shares, all rights and obligations, participation or similar 
rights in a real estate company (as defined in the CIT Act); 
(F) 
the receivables settled, including receivables put at disposal, paid out or deducted, by 
natural persons, legal persons, or organisational units without legal personality, having 
their place of residence, registered office, or management board in the Republic of 
Poland, irrespective of the place of concluding or performing the agreement; and/or 
(G) 
unrealised gains referred to in the exit tax regulations. 
Similar provisions are included in Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act.  
It should be noted that the list of income (revenues) earned in Poland, as provided in Art. 3.3. of the 
CIT Act and Art. 3.2b of the PIT Act is not exhaustive, therefore, other income (revenues) may also be 
deemed to be earned in the Republic of Poland. 
Taking the above into account, each situation should be analysed to determine whether the interest 
accrued by a Polish tax resident on Covered Bonds is considered income in Poland. However, due to 
the fact that the Bank is a Polish entity and further to the above, in many cases interest on the Covered 
Bonds should be treated as earned on the territory of Poland. 
(d) 
Exemption for interest (discount) on Covered Bonds obtained by non-Polish tax residents 
According to Art. 17.1.50a of the CIT Act, interest (discount) on covered bonds obtained by taxpayers 
referred to in Art. 3.2 of the CIT Act, ie non-Polish tax residents is tax exempt.  Pursuant to Art. 26.1aa.1 
of the CIT Act, tax remitters are not obliged to collect tax on interest (discount) on covered bonds. 
Similar exemptions apply to personal income tax.  Pursuant to Art. 21.1.130a of the PIT Act, interest 
(discount) on covered bonds obtained by natural persons referred to in Art. 3.2a of the PIT Act, i.e. non-
Polish tax residents, is tax exempt.  According to Art. 41.24. 1 of the PIT Act, tax remitters are not 
obliged to collect tax on interest (discount) on covered bonds. 
(e) 
Tax on civil law transactions 
Neither an issuance of the Covered Bonds, nor a redemption of the Covered Bonds is subject to tax on 
civil law transactions. 
In light of Art. 1.1.1.a of the Tax on Civil Law Transactions Act dated 9 September 2000 (the PCC 
Act), agreements for sale or exchange of assets or proprietary rights are subject to tax on civil law 
transactions.  The Covered Bonds should be considered as representing proprietary rights.  Transactions 
are taxable if their subjects are: 
(i) 
assets located in Poland or proprietary rights exercisable in Poland; 
(ii) 
assets located abroad or proprietary rights exercisable abroad if the acquirer's place of residence 
or registered office is located in Poland and the civil law transaction was carried out in Poland.

--- Page 115 ---
108 
 
 
As a rule, covered bonds issued by an entity with its registered office in Poland are considered 
proprietary rights exercised in Poland and therefore are subject to tax on civil law transactions in the 
amount of 1%, regardless of the place of conclusion of the transaction and the jurisdiction of the parties 
to the contract. The taxable base is the market value of the asset or proprietary right (Art. 6.1.1 of the 
PCC Act).  
In the case of a sale agreement, the tax liability lies with the buyer (in the case of an exchange agreement, 
on both sides of the contract liable jointly and severally.) and, as a rule, arises upon the conclusion of 
this agreement (Art 3.1.1. of the PCC Act). Taxpayers are required, without the request of the tax 
authority, to submit a tax return on civil law transactions as well as calculate and pay the tax within 14 
days from the date of the creation of the tax liability (i.e. from the date of concluding the sale/exchange 
agreement). If such agreement has been entered into in notarial form, the tax due should be withheld 
and paid by the notary public.   
However, under Art. 9.9 of the PCC Act, an exemption applies to the sale of property rights constituting 
financial instruments (such as the Covered Bonds):  
(i) 
to investment companies and foreign investment companies;  
(ii) 
via investment companies or foreign investment companies; 
(iii) 
as part of organised trading; or 
(iv) 
outside organised trading by investment companies and foreign investment companies, if those 
rights were acquired by those companies under organised trading, 
within the meaning of the provisions of the Act of 29 July 2005 on Trading in Financial Instruments. 
Moreover, in accordance with Art. 1a.5 and 1a.7 in connection with Art. 2.4 of the PCC Act, the PCC 
exemption applies to sale or exchange agreements concerning the Covered Bonds: 
(i) 
to the extent that they are taxed with the VAT in Poland or in another EU Member State or 
EEA; or 
(ii) 
when at least one of the parties to the transaction is exempt from VAT in Poland or in another 
EU Member State or EEA on account of that particular transaction. 
(f) 
Remitter's liability 
Under Art. 30 of the Tax Code dated 29 August 1997, a tax remitter failing to fulfil its duty to calculate, 
withhold or pay tax to a relevant tax authority is liable for the tax that has not been withheld or that has 
been withheld but not paid, up to the value of all its assets. The tax remitter is not liable if the specific 
provisions provide otherwise or if tax has not been withheld due to the taxpayer's fault. In such a case, 
the relevant tax authority will issue a decision concerning the taxpayer's liability.

--- Page 116 ---
109 
 
 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Subject to the provisions of the amended and restated programme agreement dated 2 December 2021 (the 
Programme Agreement) between the Bank, ING NV and ING BSK (together with any further financial 
institution appointed as a dealer under the Programme Agreement, the Dealers), the Covered Bonds may be 
sold by the Bank to the Dealers, who shall act as principals in relation to such sales.  However, the Bank has 
reserved the right to issue Covered Bonds directly on its own behalf to subscribers who are not Dealers and 
which agree to be bound by the restrictions set out below.  The Programme Agreement also provides for Covered 
Bonds to be issued in Tranches which are jointly and severally underwritten by two or more Dealers or such 
subscribers. 
The Bank has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of 
the Covered Bonds.  The Dealer Agreement may be terminated in relation to all the Dealers or any of them by 
the Bank or, in relation to itself and the Bank only, by any Dealer, at any time on giving not less than ten business 
days' notice. 
United States of America 
The Covered Bonds have not been and will not be registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 as amended 
(the Securities Act), or the securities law of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be 
offered or sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except certain 
transactions exempt from or not subject to the registration requirements of the Securities Act.   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not offered nor sold the Covered Bonds of any identifiable 
Tranche, and will not offer nor sell the Covered Bonds of any identifiable Tranche (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time nor (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of such tranche within the United 
States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in accordance with Regulation S of the 
Securities Act.  Accordingly, each Dealer has represented and agreed that neither it, its affiliates nor any persons 
acting on its or their behalf have engaged or will engage in any directed selling efforts with respect to the 
Covered Bonds, and it and they have complied and will comply with the offering restrictions requirement of 
Regulation S.  Each Dealer agrees that, at or prior to confirmation of sale of Covered Bonds, it will have sent to 
each distributor, dealer or person receiving a selling concession, fee or other remuneration that purchases 
Covered Bonds from it during the restricted period a confirmation or notice to substantially the following effect: 
"The Securities covered hereby have not been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 (the Securities 
Act), or the securities laws of any state or other jurisdiction of the United States, and may not be offered and 
sold within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after completion of the distribution of this tranche of Securities, except 
in either case in accordance with Regulation S under the Securities Act.  Terms used above have the meanings 
given to them by Regulation S." 
Terms used above have the meanings given to them by Regulation S.   
Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has not entered and will not enter into any contractual 
arrangement with respect to the distribution or delivery of Covered Bonds within the United States of America, 
except with its affiliates or with the prior written consent of the Bank. 
Covered Bonds in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted 
by U.S. tax regulations.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal 
Revenue Code and regulations thereunder. 
Covered Bonds, other than Covered Bonds with an initial maturity of one year or less, will be issued in 
accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) or substantially 
identical provisions (the D Rules), or in accordance with the provisions of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 
1.163-5 (c)(2)(i)(C) or substantially identical provisions (the C Rules), as specified in the Final Terms.

--- Page 117 ---
110 
 
 
In addition, in respect of Covered Bonds issued in accordance with the D Rules, each Dealer has represented 
and agreed that: 
(a) 
to the extent permitted under the D Rules, it has not offered or sold, and during the restricted period 
will not offer or sell, Covered Bonds in bearer form to a person who is within the United States or its 
possessions or to a United States person; 
(b) 
it has and throughout the restricted period will have in effect procedures reasonably designed to ensure 
that its employees or agents who are directly engaged in selling Covered Bonds in bearer form are aware 
that such Covered Bonds may not be offered or sold during the restricted period to a person who is 
within the United States or its possessions or to a United States person, except as permitted by the D 
Rules; 
(c) 
if such Dealer is a United States person, it has represented that it is acquiring the Covered Bonds in 
bearer form for purposes of resale in connection with their original issuance and if such Dealer retains 
Covered Bonds in bearer form for its own account, it will do so only in accordance with the requirements 
of U.S. Treasury Regulation Section 1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D)(6) or substantially identical provisions; and 
(d) 
with respect to each affiliate that acquires Covered Bonds in bearer form from such Dealer for the 
purpose of offering or selling such Covered Bonds during the restricted period, such Dealer either (i) 
has repeated and confirmed the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c) 
on such affiliate's behalf or (ii) has agreed that it will obtain from such affiliate for the benefit of the 
Bank the representations and agreements contained in sub-clauses (a), (b) and (c). 
Terms used in the above paragraph have the meanings given to them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and 
regulations thereunder, including the D Rules. 
In addition, where the C Rules are specified in the applicable Final Terms as being applicable to any Tranche 
of Covered Bonds, Covered Bonds in bearer form must be issued and delivered outside the United States and 
its possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed that it has 
not offered, sold or delivered and will not offer, sell or deliver, directly or indirectly, Covered Bonds in bearer 
form within the United States or its possessions in connection with their original issuance.  Further, each Dealer 
has represented and agreed in connection with the original issuance of Covered Bonds in bearer form, that it has 
not communicated, and will not communicate, directly or indirectly, with a prospective purchaser if either such 
Dealer or purchaser is within the United States or its possessions and will not otherwise involve its U.S. office 
in the offer or sale of Covered Bonds in bearer form.  Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to 
them by the U.S. Internal Revenue Code and regulations thereunder, including the C Rules. 
The Bank may agree with one or more Dealers for such Dealers to arrange for the sale of Covered Bonds under 
procedures and restrictions designed to allow such sales to be exempt from the registration requirements of the 
Securities Act. 
Each Dealer has agreed that it will comply with all relevant laws, regulations and directives in each jurisdiction 
in which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the Base 
Prospectus or any other offering material. 
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors 
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies the "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors" as "Not Applicable", each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed 
under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made 
available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the 
offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail 
investor in the European Economic Area.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, 
MiFID II); or

--- Page 118 ---
111 
 
 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (as amended, the Insurance 
Distribution Directive), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as 
defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of MiFID II; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 (the Prospectus Regulation); 
and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds. 
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies "Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors" as 
"Not Applicable", in relation to each Member State of the European Economic Area, each Dealer has 
represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent 
and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final terms in relation thereto to the public in that 
Member State except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the public in that Member State: 
(a) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in the Prospectus Regulation; 
(b) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in the 
Prospectus Regulation), subject to obtaining the prior consent of the relevant Dealer or Dealers 
nominated by the Bank for any such offer; or 
(c) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within Article 1(4) of the Prospectus Regulation, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (a) to (c) above shall require the Bank or any Dealer 
to publish a prospectus pursuant to Article 3(1) of the Prospectus Regulation or supplement a prospectus 
pursuant to Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision:  
 
the expression an offer of Notes to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds in any Member State 
means the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the 
offer and the Covered Bonhds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe 
for the Covered Bonds; and 
 
the expression Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. 
United Kingdom 
Prohibition of sales to UK Retail Investors  
Unless the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” 
as “Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise made available and 
will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Covered Bonds which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms in relation thereto to any retail investor 
in the UK.  For the purposes of this provision: 
(a) 
the expression retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of the following: 
(i) 
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (EUWA); or 
(ii) 
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations 
made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not

--- Page 119 ---
112 
 
 
qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(iii) 
not a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation; and 
(b) 
the expression an offer includes the communication in any form and by any means of sufficient 
information on the terms of the offer and the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor 
to decide to purchase or subscribe for the Covered Bonds.  
If the Final Terms in respect of any Covered Bonds specifies “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors” as 
“Not Applicable”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the 
Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not made and will not make an offer of Covered 
Bonds which are the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the final 
terms in relation thereto to the public in the UK except that it may make an offer of such Covered Bonds to the 
public in the UK: 
(A) 
at any time to any legal entity which is a qualified investor as defined in Article 2 of the UK Prospectus 
Regulation; 
(B) 
at any time to fewer than 150 natural or legal persons (other than qualified investors as defined in Article 
2 of the UK Prospectus Regulation) in the United Kingdom subject to obtaining the prior consent of the 
relevant Dealer or Dealers nominated by the Bank for any such offer; or 
(C) 
at any time in any other circumstances falling within section 86 of the FSMA, 
provided that no such offer of Covered Bonds referred to in (A) to (C) above shall require the Bank or any 
Dealer to publish a prospectus pursuant to section 85 of the FSMA or supplement a prospectus pursuant to 
Article 23 of the UK Prospectus Regulation. 
For the purposes of this provision: 
 
the expression an offer of Covered Bonds to the public in relation to any Covered Bonds means the 
communication in any form and by any means of sufficient information on the terms of the offer and 
the Covered Bonds to be offered so as to enable an investor to decide to purchase or subscribe for the 
Covered Bonds; and  
 
the expression UK Prospectus Regulation means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA.  
Other regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be 
required to represent and agree, that: 
(a) 
in relation to any Covered Bonds which have a maturity of less than one year, (i) it is a person whose 
ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal 
or agent) for the purposes of its business and (ii) it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any 
Covered Bonds other than to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, 
managing or disposing of investments (as principal or as agent) for the purposes of their businesses or 
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or 
agent) for the purposes of their businesses where the issue of the Covered Bonds would otherwise 
constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the Bank; 
(b) 
it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only communicate or cause to be 
communicated an invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity (within the meaning of

--- Page 120 ---
113 
 
 
Section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any Covered Bonds in 
circumstances in which Section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Bank; and 
(d) 
it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with respect to anything 
done by it in relation to any Covered Bonds in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Belgium 
Other than in respect of Covered Bonds for which "Prohibition of Sales to Belgian Consumers" is specified as 
"Not Applicable" in the applicable Final Terms, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that an offering of Covered Bonds may 
not be advertised to any individual in Belgium qualifying as a consumer within the meaning of Article I.1 of 
the Belgian Code of Economic Law, as amended from time to time (a Belgian Consumer) and that it has not 
offered, sold or resold, transferred or delivered, and will not offer, sell, resell, transfer or deliver, the Covered 
Bonds, and that it has not distributed, and will not distribute, any prospectus, memorandum, information 
circular, brochure or any similar documents in relation to the Covered Bonds, directly or indirectly, to any 
Belgian Consumer. 
General 
No action has been taken in any jurisdiction that would permit a public offering of any of the Covered Bonds, 
or possession or distribution of the Base Prospectus or any other offering material or any Final Terms, in any 
country or jurisdiction where action for that purpose is required.  Each Dealer has represented and agreed that 
it will comply with all relevant laws and directives in each jurisdiction in which it purchases, offers, sells, or 
delivers Covered Bonds or has in its possession or distributes the Base Prospectus or any other offering material 
and will obtain any consent, approval or permission required by it for the purchase, offer or sale by it of the 
Covered Bonds under the laws and directives in force in any jurisdiction to which it is subject or in which it 
makes such purchases, offers or sales, in all cases at its own expense, and neither the Bank nor any other Dealer 
shall have responsibility therefor. 
These selling restrictions may be modified by the agreement of the Bank and the Dealers, inter alia, following 
a change in a relevant law, regulation or directive.  Any such modification will be set out in the Final Terms 
issued in respect of the issue of Covered Bonds to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 121 ---
114 
 
 
GENERAL INFORMATION 
Authorisation 
No governmental consents, approvals or authorisations in Poland in connection with the issue of the Covered 
Bonds and the performance by the Bank of its obligations under the Covered Bonds will be required to be 
complied with. 
The establishment and update of the Programme and the issue of Covered Bonds have been duly authorised by 
the resolution of the Supervisory Board of the Bank No. 23/4/2019 dated 9 May 2019.  The issuance of each 
Series of the Covered Bonds will be authorised by a separate resolution of the Management Board of the Bank. 
Listing and admission to trading of Covered Bonds 
Application may be made to list Covered Bonds issued under the Programme on the Official List of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange and/or the Warsaw Stock Exchange and to admit to trading the Covered Bonds 
on the Regulated Market of the Luxembourg Stock Exchange (Bourse de Luxembourg) and/or on the Regulated 
Market of the Warsaw Stock Exchange (Giełda Papierów Wartościowych w Warszawie S.A.).  Each of the 
Luxembourg Stock Exchange's Regulated Market and the Warsaw Stock Exchange's Regulated Market is a 
regulated market for the purposes of the Market and Financial Instruments Directive 2014/65/EU.  The 
Programme provides that Covered Bonds may be listed on further stock exchanges, as may be agreed between 
the Bank and the relevant Dealer(s) in relation to each Series, as specified in the applicable Final Terms.  
Covered Bonds may further be issued under the Programme without being listed on any stock exchange. 
Covered Bonds which are unlisted or to be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on another stock 
exchange or market may be issued under this Programme but only, in the case of Covered Bonds listed or 
admitted to trading on another stock exchange or market, if the Bank ensures that all laws and regulations are 
complied with including, among others, any applicable requirements for notifications of competent authorities 
and other requirements under the Prospectus Regulation.   
The applicable Final Terms will state whether or not the relevant Covered Bonds are to be listed and/or admitted 
to trading and, if so, on which stock exchanges and/or markets.   
Documents Available 
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following documents will, 
when published, be available for inspection on the Bank’s website (www.inghipoteczny.pl): 
(a) 
the constitutional documents (with English translations thereof) of the Bank; and 
(b) 
any future base prospectuses, offering circulars, prospectuses, information memoranda, supplements 
and Final Terms prepared by the Bank. 
In addition, for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus, a copy of this Base Prospectus and of 
any document containing the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be obtained 
from the Bank's website: www.inghipoteczny.pl. 
The content on the websites available via hyperlinks included in this Base Prospectus does not form a part of 
this Base Prospectus with the exception of hyperlinks to the electronic addresses where information incorporated 
by reference is available. Hyperlinks used for information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus 
will be functional for at least ten years from the date of this Base Prospectus. 
Clearing Systems 
The Covered Bonds have been accepted for clearance through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. The 
Common Code, the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) and the alphabetical code of each 
Series of Covered Bonds will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
If the Covered Bonds are to clear through an additional or alternative clearing system the appropriate 
information will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 122 ---
115 
 
 
Euroclear's address is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, 1210 Brussels, Belgium. Clearstream, Luxembourg's 
address is 42, avenue Kennedy, 1855 Luxembourg, Luxembourg. 
Conditions for determining price 
The price and amount of Covered Bonds to be issued under the Programme will be determined by the Bank and 
each relevant Dealer at the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Significant or Material Change 
There has been no significant change in the financial performance or position of the Bank since 30 June 2021 
and there has been no material adverse change in the financial position or prospects of the Bank since 31 
December 2020. 
Litigation 
The Bank is not and has not been involved in any governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings relating to 
claims or amounts that are material in the context of the issue of the Covered Bonds (including any such 
proceedings which are pending or threatened of which the Bank is aware) in the 12 months preceding the date 
of this Base Prospectus which may have or have in such period had a significant effect on the financial position 
or profitability of the Bank. 
Auditors 
The Bank's financial statements for the financial years ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020 
prepared in accordance with International Financial Reporting Standards as adopted by the European Union 
have been audited by Michał Tomczyk, certified auditor, member of the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors 
(Polska Izba Biegłych Rewidentów), licence no. 13503, acting on behalf of BDO spółka z ograniczoną 
odpowiedzialnością sp. k., an audit firm entered on the list kept by the Polish Chamber of Certified Auditors 
under no. 3355 and BDO spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. rendered an unqualified audit report 
on such financial statements of the Bank. 
Yield 
In relation to any Tranche of Fixed Rate Covered Bonds, an indication of the yield in respect of such Covered 
Bonds will be specified in the applicable Final Terms.  The yield is calculated at the Issue Date of the Covered 
Bonds on the basis of the relevant Issue Price.  The yield indicated will be calculated as the yield to maturity as 
at the Issue Date of the Covered Bonds and will not be an indication of future yield. 
Arranger and/or Dealers transacting with the Bank  
The Arranger, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services to the Bank and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  Except as discussed in the applicable Final Terms, the Arranger, certain 
Dealers and their affiliates may be customers of, and borrowers from the Bank and its affiliates.  In addition, 
the Arranger, certain Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform services for the Bank and its affiliates 
in the ordinary course of business.  In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities, the certain 
Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) for their 
own account and for the accounts of their customers.  Such investments and securities activities may involve 
securities and/or instruments of the Bank or the Bank's affiliates.  The Arranger, the certain Dealers or their 
affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Bank routinely hedge their credit exposure to the Bank 
consistent with their customary risk management policies.  Typically, the Arranger, such Dealers and their 
affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of either the purchase of credit 
default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including potentially the Covered Bonds issued 
under the Programme.  Any such short positions could adversely affect future trading prices of Covered Bonds 
issued under the Programme.  The Arranger, the Dealers and their affiliates may also make investment 
recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of such securities or financial

--- Page 123 ---
116 
 
 
instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long and/or short positions in such 
securities and instruments. 
Post-issuance information 
In connection with the issuance of mortgage covered bonds by the Bank and in accordance with Article 129 
section 7 of the CRR, the Bank publishes regular disclosure reports (raporty ujawnień) detailing the Bank's 
issuances of the mortgage covered bonds and cover pool register.  The abovementioned disclosure reports 
(raporty ujawnień) are published on the Bank's website www.inghipoteczny.pl.

--- Page 124 ---
0127724-0000004 EUO1: 2002857129.9 
117 
 
 
BANK 
 
ING Bank Hipoteczny Spółka Akcyjna 
ul. Chorzowska 50 
40-101 Katowice 
Poland 
 
ARRANGERS AND DEALERS 
 
ING Bank N.V. 
ING Bank Śląski S.A. 
Foppingadreef 7 
ul. Sokolska 34 
1102 BD Amsterdam 
40-086 Katowice 
Netherlands 
Poland 
 
PRINCIPAL PAYING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Winchester House 
1 Great Winchester Street 
London EC2N 2DB 
United Kingdom 
 
LISTING AGENT 
 
Deutsche Bank Luxembourg S.A. 
2, Boulevard Konrad Adenauer 
L-1115 Luxembourg 
Luxembourg 
 
LEGAL ADVISERS TO THE BANK 
 
as to Polish law 
as to English law 
Allen & Overy, A. Pędzich sp. k. 
Allen & Overy LLP 
ul. Grzybowska 56 
One Bishops Square 
00-844 Warsaw 
E1 6AD London 
Poland 
United Kingdom 
 
AUDITORS 
 
BDO spółka z ograniczoną odpowiedzialnością sp. k. 
ul. Postępu 12 
02-676 Warsaw 
Poland