--- Page 1 ---
- 1 -
BASE PROSPECTUS 
INMOBILIARIA COLONIAL, SOCIMI, S.A. 
 (incorporated as a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) in the Kingdom of Spain) 
€5,000,000,000 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
This base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) has been approved by the Central Bank of Ireland (the “Central Bank” or “CBI”), as competent 
authority under Regulation (EU) 2017/1129 of the European Parliament and of the Council (as amended, the “Prospectus Regulation”). The 
Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by the 
Prospectus Regulation. Such approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer nor as an endorsement of the quality of any 
Notes (as defined below) that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of 
investing in such Notes. This Base Prospectus is valid for a period of twelve months from the date of approval. Consequently, the validity of 
this Base Prospectus will expire on 18 May 2022. The obligation to supplement this Base Prospectus in the event of a significant new factor, 
material mistake or material inaccuracy does not apply when this Base Prospectus is no longer valid. Application will be made to the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc, trading as Euronext Dublin (“Euronext Dublin”) for the Bearer Notes (as defined below) issued under the Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) within twelve months after the date hereof by Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. (the “Issuer”, 
“Colonial” or the “Company” and together with its consolidated subsidiaries, “we”, “us”, “our” or the “Group”, unless otherwise indicated or 
the context otherwise requires) to be admitted to the official list (“Official List”) and to trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin. 
The regulated market of Euronext Dublin is a regulated market (a “EU MiFID Regulated Market”) for the purposes of Directive 2014/65/EU, 
as amended (“EU MiFID II”).  
The Programme also permits Bearer Notes to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to listing and trading on another EU MiFID 
Regulated Market, in each case, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). References in the Base Prospectus to the Notes 
being “listed” (and all related references) shall mean that such Notes have been admitted to listing on Euronext Dublin, the AIAF or another EU 
MiFID Regulated Market, as applicable. Such approval for admission to trading relates only to the issue of Notes under the Programme during 
the period of twelve months after the date hereof which are to be admitted to trading on a regulated market for the purposes of EU MiFID II 
and/or which are to be offered to the public in any Member State of the European Economic Area (the “EEA”). The Programme also permits 
Book-entry Notes (as defined below) to be issued on the basis that they will be admitted to trading on the Spanish AIAF Fixed Income 
Securities Market (“AIAF”). 
The maximum aggregate nominal amount of all Notes from time to time outstanding under the Programme will not exceed €5,000,000,000 (or 
its equivalent in other currencies, subject to increase as provided below). The Notes will be issued in such denominations as may be agreed 
between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) and as specified in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below), save that the minimum 
denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or equivalent 
body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined below) and 
save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus 
Regulation will be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, the equivalent amount in such currency). 
Notice of the aggregate nominal amount of Notes, interest payable in respect of Notes and the issue price of Notes will be set out in the Final 
Terms which will also complete information set out in the terms and conditions applicable to each Tranche (as defined in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Bearer Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes”, respectively), as required. Copies of the Final Terms 
relating to Book-entry Notes which are listed on the AIAF will be available on the website of the Issuer (www.inmocolonial.com), at the 
Specified Office (as defined below) of the Spanish Paying Agent (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes”) and published 
on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es). Copies of the Final Terms relating to Bearer Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be 
available free of charge on the website of the Issuer (www.inmocolonial.com) and at the Specified Office (as defined below) of the Fiscal Agent 
(as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes”). 
Any notes under this Programme may be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en cuenta) (“Book-entry 
Notes”), or in bearer form (“Bearer Notes”, and together with the Book-entry Notes, the “Notes”).   
Each Series (as defined below) of Bearer Notes will be represented on issue by a temporary global note in bearer form (each a “Temporary 
Global Note”) or a permanent global note in bearer form (each a “Permanent Global Note” and together with the Temporary Global Notes, 
the “Global Notes”). If the Global Notes are stated in the applicable Final Terms to be issued in new global note (“NGN”) form, the Global 
Notes will be delivered on or prior to the original issue date of the relevant Tranche to a common safekeeper (the “Common Safekeeper”) for 
Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”). Global notes which are not issued in 
NGN form (“Classic Global Notes” or “CGNs”) will be deposited on the issue date of the relevant Tranche with a common depositary on 
behalf of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (the “Common Depositary”). The provisions governing the exchange of interests in Global 
Notes for other Global Notes and definitive Notes are described in “Summary of Provisions Relating to the Bearer Notes while in Global 
Form”. 
Each Tranche (as defined below) of Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, 
Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal (“Iberclear”) as managing entity of the central registry of the Spanish clearance 
and settlement system (the “Spanish Central Registry”). Consequently, no global certificates will be issued in respect of such Book-entry

--- Page 2 ---
- 2 -
Notes. Clearing and settlement relating to the Book-entry Notes, as well as payment of interest and redemption of principal amounts, will be 
performed within Iberclear’s account-based system. 
Tranches of Notes issued under the Programme will be rated or unrated. Where a Tranche of Notes is to be rated, such rating will be specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. Whether or not a rating in relation to any Tranche of Notes will be treated as having been issued or endorsed by a 
credit rating agency established in the European Union and registered under Regulation (EC) No 1060/2009 (as amended) on credit rating 
agencies (the “EU CRA Regulation”) or which is certified under the EU CRA Regulation will be disclosed in the relevant Final Terms. A list 
of rating agencies registered under the EU CRA Regulation can be found on the website of the European Securities and Markets Authority. A 
rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold securities and may be subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.  
Prospective investors should have regard to the factors described under the section headed “Risk Factors” in this Base Prospectus. 
Arranger 
BNP PARIBAS
Dealers 
Banco Sabadell  
Bankinter 
Barclays 
BNP PARIBAS 
BofA Securities 
CaixaBank 
Crédit Agricole CIB 
Deutsche Bank 
J.P. Morgan 
Mediobanca 
NATIXIS 
NatWest Markets 
Société Générale Corporate & 
Investment Banking 
Unicaja Banco 
The date of this Base Prospectus is 18 May 2021.

--- Page 3 ---
- 3 -
IMPORTANT NOTICES
This Base Prospectus comprises a base prospectus for the purposes of Article 8 of the Prospectus Regulation and 
for the purpose of giving information with regard to the Issuer and the Group and the Notes which, according to the 
particular nature of the Issuer and the Notes, is necessary to enable investors to make an informed assessment of 
the assets and liabilities, financial position, profit and losses and prospects of the Issuer. 
Final Terms/Drawdown Prospectus
Each Tranche (as defined below) of Notes will be issued on the terms set out below under “Terms and Conditions 
of the Notes” (the “Conditions”) as supplemented by a document specific to such Tranche called final terms (the 
“Final Terms”) or in a separate prospectus specific to such Tranche (the “Drawdown Prospectus”) as described 
under “Final Terms and Drawdown Prospectuses” below.  
Other relevant information 
This Base Prospectus is to be read in conjunction with all the documents which are incorporated below by 
reference (see “Documents Incorporated by Reference”). In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a 
Drawdown Prospectus, each reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the 
relevant Final Terms shall be read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in 
the relevant Drawdown Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise. 
Unauthorised information 
No person has been authorised to give any information or to make any representation other than those contained in 
this Base Prospectus in connection with the issue or sale of the Notes and, if given or made, such information or 
representation must not be relied upon as having been authorised by the Issuer or any of the Dealers or the 
Arranger (as defined in “General Description of the Programme”). Neither the delivery of this Base Prospectus nor 
any sale made in connection herewith shall, under any circumstances, create any implication that there has been no 
change in the affairs of the Issuer or the Group since the date hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus 
has been most recently amended or supplemented or that there has been no significant change in the financial 
position or performance of the Group or no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since the date 
hereof or the date upon which this Base Prospectus has been most recently amended or supplemented or that any 
other information supplied in connection with the Programme is correct as of any time subsequent to the date on 
which it is supplied or, if different, the date indicated in the document containing the same. The Issuer will, in the 
event of any significant new factor, material mistake or inaccuracy relating to information included in this Base 
Prospectus which is capable of affecting the assessment of any Notes, prepare a supplement to this Base Prospectus 
or publish a new Base Prospectus for use in connection with any subsequent issue of Notes. 
Copies of Final Terms 
Copies of the Final Terms relating to Bearer Notes which are listed on Euronext Dublin will be available free of 
charge on the website of the Issuer (www.inmocolonial.com) and at the Specified Office (as defined below) of the 
Fiscal Agent (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes”). Copies of the Final Terms relating to 
Book-entry Notes which are listed on the AIAF will be available on the website of the Issuer 
(www.inmocolonial.com), at the Specified Office (as defined below) of the Spanish Paying Agent (as defined in 
“Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes”) and published on the website of the CNMV (www.cnmv.es). 
Restrictions on distribution 
The distribution of this Base Prospectus and any Final Terms and the offering, sale and delivery of the Notes in 
certain jurisdictions may be restricted by law. Persons into whose possession this Base Prospectus or any Final 
Terms comes are required by the Issuer and the Dealers to inform themselves about and to observe any such 
restrictions. For a description of certain restrictions on offers, sales and deliveries of Notes and on the distribution 
of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms and other offering material relating to the Notes, see “Subscription and 
Sale”.   
In particular, the Notes have not been, and will not be, registered under the United States Securities Act of 1933 (as

--- Page 4 ---
- 4 -
amended) (the “Securities Act”) or with any securities regulatory authority of any state or other jurisdiction of the 
United States, and Notes in bearer form are subject to U.S. tax law requirements. The Notes may not be offered, 
sold or (in the case of Notes in bearer form) delivered within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit 
of, U.S. persons (as defined in Regulation S) except in certain transactions exempt from the registration 
requirements of the Securities Act. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer of, or an 
invitation by or on behalf of the Issuer or the Arranger or the Dealers to subscribe for, or purchase, any Notes. Each 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and 
appraisal of the condition (financial or otherwise) of the issuer.  
Neither this Base Prospectus nor any Final Terms constitutes an offer or an invitation to subscribe for or purchase 
any Notes and should not be considered as a recommendation by the Issuer, the Dealers or any of them that any 
recipient of this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms should subscribe for or purchase any Notes. Each recipient of 
this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms shall be taken to have made its own investigation and appraisal of the 
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Issuer.  
Legal investment considerations 
The investment activities of certain investors are subject to investment laws and regulations, or review or 
regulation by certain authorities. Each potential investor should consult its legal advisers to determine whether and 
to what extent (1) the Notes are legal investments for it, (2) the Notes can be used as collateral for various types of 
borrowing and (3) other restrictions apply to its purchase or pledge of any Notes. Financial institutions should 
consult their legal advisers or the appropriate regulators to determine the appropriate treatment of the Notes under 
any applicable risk-based capital or similar rules.  
IMPORTANT – EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II; 
or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (“Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation. 
IMPORTANT - UK RETAIL INVESTORS – If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) 
in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled “Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, the Notes are not 
intended to be offered, sold or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “EUWA”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of the provisions of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the 
“FSMA”) and any rules or regulations made under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 
600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document 
required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK 
PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the 
UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.
EU Benchmark Regulation  
Interest and/or other amounts payable under the Notes may be calculated by reference to certain reference rates as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. Any such reference rate may constitute a benchmark for the purposes of 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 (the “EU Benchmark Regulation”). If any such reference rate does constitute such a 
benchmark, the Final Terms will indicate whether or not the benchmark is provided by an administrator included in 
the register of administrators and benchmarks established and maintained by the European Securities and Markets 
Authority’s (“ESMA”) pursuant to Article 36 (Register of administrators and benchmarks) of the EU Benchmark

--- Page 5 ---
- 5 -
Regulation. The registration status of any administrator under the EU Benchmark Regulation is a matter of public 
record and, save where required by applicable law, the Issuer does not intend to update the Final Terms to reflect 
any change in the registration status of the administrator.  
NOTICE TO CANADIAN INVESTORS 
The Notes may be sold only to purchasers purchasing, or deemed to be purchasing, as principal that are accredited 
investors, as defined in National Instrument 45-106 Prospectus Exemptions or subsection 73.3(1) of the Securities 
Act (Ontario), and are permitted clients, as defined in National Instrument 31-103 Registration Requirements, 
Exemptions and Ongoing Registrant Obligations. Any resale of the Notes must be made in accordance with an 
exemption from, or in a transaction not subject to, the prospectus requirements of applicable securities laws. 
Securities legislation in certain provinces or territories of Canada may provide a purchaser with remedies for 
rescission or damages if this Base Prospectus (including any amendment thereto) contains a misrepresentation, 
provided that the remedies for rescission or damages are exercised by the purchaser within the time limit prescribed 
by the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory. The purchaser should refer to any applicable 
provisions of the securities legislation of the purchaser’s province or territory for particulars of these rights or 
consult with a legal adviser. Pursuant to section 3A.3 (or, in the case of securities issued or guaranteed by the 
government of a non-Canadian jurisdiction, section 3A.4) of National Instrument 33-105 Underwriting Conflicts 
(NI 33-105), the Dealers are not required to comply with the disclosure requirements of NI 33-105 regarding 
underwriter conflicts of interest in connection with any Notes issued under the Programme. 
Stabilisation 
In connection with the issue of any Tranche (as defined in “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes” and “Terms 
and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes”, respectively), the Dealer or Dealers (if any) named as the stabilising 
manager(s) (the “Stabilising Manager(s)”) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in the 
applicable Final Terms may over-allot Notes or effect transactions with a view to supporting the market price of 
the Notes at a level higher than that which might otherwise prevail. However, there is no assurance that the 
Stabilising Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) will undertake stabilisation 
action. Any stabilisation action may begin on or after the date on which adequate public disclosure of the terms of 
the offer of the relevant Tranche is made and, if begun, may be ended at any time, but it must end no later than the 
earlier of 30 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche and 60 days after the date of the allotment of the 
relevant Tranche. Any stabilisation action or over-allotment must be conducted by the relevant Stabilising 
Manager(s) (or any person acting on behalf of any Stabilising Manager(s)) in accordance with all applicable laws 
and rules. 
Product classification pursuant to Section 309B of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore 
The Final Terms in respect of any Notes may include a legend entitled “Singapore Securities and Futures Act 
Product Classification” which will state the product classification of the Notes pursuant to Section 309B(1) of the 
Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore (as modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”). The 
Issuer will make a determination and provide the appropriate written notification to “relevant persons” in relation 
to each issue about the classification of the Notes being offered for the purposes of Section 309B(1)(a) and Section 
309B(1)(c) of the SFA. 
Programme Limit 
The aggregate nominal amount of Notes outstanding under the Programme will not at any time exceed 
€5,000,000,000 and, for this purpose, any Notes denominated in another currency shall be translated into Euro at 
the date of the agreement to issue such Notes (calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Dealer 
Agreement). The maximum aggregate nominal amount of Notes which may be outstanding at any one time under 
the Programme may be increased from time to time, subject to compliance with the relevant provisions of the 
Dealer Agreement. 
Certain definitions 
In this Base Prospectus, unless otherwise specified or the context otherwise requires, references to Euro and € are 
to the currency introduced at the start of the third stage of European economic and monetary union pursuant to the 
Treaty establishing the European Community, as amended.

--- Page 6 ---
- 6 -
Certain figures included in this Base Prospectus have been subject to rounding adjustments. Accordingly, figures 
shown for the same category presented in different tables may vary slightly and figures shown as totals in certain 
tables may not be an arithmetic aggregation of the figures which precede them. 
The language of this Base Prospectus is English. Certain legislative references and technical terms have been cited 
in their original language in order that the correct technical meaning may be ascribed to them under applicable law. 
EU MIFID II PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “EU MiFID II Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling 
or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; 
however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in 
respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
EU MiFID Product Governance rules under EU Delegated Directive 2017/593 (the “EU MiFID Product 
Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but 
otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the 
purpose of the EU MiFID Product Governance Rules. 
UK MIFIR PRODUCT GOVERNANCE / TARGET MARKET 
The Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes may include a legend 
entitled “UK MiFIR Product Governance” which will outline the target market assessment in respect of the Notes 
and which channels for distribution of the Notes are appropriate. Any person subsequently offering, selling or 
recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to UK MiFIR (as defined herein) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment 
in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the target market assessment) and determining appropriate 
distribution channels. A determination will be made in relation to each issue about whether, for the purpose of the 
UK MiFIR Product Governance rules set out in the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance 
Sourcebook (the “UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules”), any Dealer subscribing for any Notes is a 
manufacturer in respect of such Notes, but otherwise neither the Arranger nor the Dealers nor any of their 
respective affiliates will be a manufacturer for the purpose of the UK MiFIR Product Governance Rules. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This Base Prospectus includes statements that are, or may be deemed to be, forward-looking statements. These 
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms 
“anticipates”, “believes”, “estimates”, “expects”, “intends”, “may”, “plans”, “projects”, “should” or “will”, or, in 
each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategy, plans, 
targets, objectives, goals, future events or intentions. These forward-looking statements include all matters that are 
not historical facts. They appear in a number of places throughout this Base Prospectus and include, but are not 
limited to, statements regarding the Issuer’s intentions, beliefs or current expectations concerning, among other 
things, the Issuer’s projections about its future results of operations, financial condition, liquidity, performance, 
prospects, anticipated growth, strategies, plans, opportunities, trends and the market in which it operates. 
By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty because they relate to future events and 
circumstances. Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and the actual results of our 
operations and the development of the markets and the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from 
those described in, or suggested by, the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus. The Issuer 
undertakes no obligation to update these forward-looking statements and will not publicly release any revisions it 
may make to these forward looking statements that may occur due to any change in the Issuer’s expectations or to 
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Base Prospectus, except where required by applicable law. 
Given the uncertainty inherent in forward-looking statements, prospective investors are cautioned not to place 
undue reliance on these statements.  
The Dealers assume no responsibility or liability for, and make no representations, warranty or assurance 
whatsoever in respect of, any of the forward-looking statements contained in this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 7 ---
- 7 -
ALTERNATIVE PERFORMANCE MEASURES 
The financial data included in this Base Prospectus, in addition to the conventional financial performance measures 
established by IFRS-EU, contain certain alternative performance measures (“APMs”) that include EBIT, EBITDA, 
EPRA NAV, EPRA NNAV, Group’s Loan to Value, Gross Asset Value, Gross financial debt and like-for-like 
valuation of the Group’s assets that are presented for purposes of providing investors with a better understanding of 
Colonial’s financial performance, cash flows or financial position as they are used by Colonial when managing its 
business.  
Such measures have not been prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, have been extracted or derived from the 
accounting records or other management systems of the Group, have not been audited and should not be considered 
as a substitute for those required by IFRS-EU. 
For an explanation and reconciliation of these APMs, see section entitled “Alternative Performance Measures” on 
pages 92 to 97 of the 2020 Consolidated Management Report and note 9 to the 2019 Consolidated Management 
Report.

--- Page 8 ---
- 8 -
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Page 
IMPORTANT NOTICES .................................................................................................................... 3 
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME ...................................................................... 9 
RISK FACTORS ............................................................................................................................... 15 
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE .................................................................... 32 
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES ................................................................ 34 
FORMS OF THE BEARER NOTES ................................................................................................ 35 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES ............................................................. 39 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES ................................................... 76 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BEARER NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM ....................................................................................................................................... 111 
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO BOOK–
ENTRY NOTES ....................................................................................................................... 113 
USE OF PROCEEDS ....................................................................................................................... 115 
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP ............................................................... 116 
SPANISH SOCIMI REGIME AND TAXATION ........................................................................... 129 
SPANISH INSOLVENCY LAW ..................................................................................................... 141 
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE ........................................................................................................ 144 
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES ............................................................... 148
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES ..................................................... 159
GENERAL INFORMATION .......................................................................................................... 169
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS ................................................................................... 172

--- Page 9 ---
- 9 -
GENERAL DESCRIPTION OF THE PROGRAMME 
The following general description does not purport to be complete and is taken from, and is qualified in its entirety 
by, the remainder of this document and, in relation to the terms and conditions of any particular Tranche of Notes, 
the applicable Final Terms. 
Words and expressions defined in the “Forms of the Bearer Notes”, “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes” 
and “Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes” shall have the same meanings in this general description. 
References to numbered “Book-entry Conditions” are to the relevant numbered conditions in the “Terms and 
Conditions of the Bearer Notes” and “Terms and Conditions of the Book-entry Notes”, respectively. 
Information relating to Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Issuer  
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Description: 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
Arranger: 
BNP Paribas 
Dealers: 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole 
Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. 
Morgan AG, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., NATIXIS, 
NatWest Markets N.V., Société Générale, and Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
The Issuer may from time to time terminate the appointment of any Dealers 
under the Programme or appoint additional dealers either in respect of a 
single Tranche or in respect of the Programme. 
Fiscal Agent: 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch 
Size: 
Up to EUR 5,000,000,000 (or the equivalent in other currencies at the date 
of issue) aggregate principal amount of Notes outstanding at any one time. 
The Issuer may, subject to the fulfilment of certain conditions, increase the 
size of the Programme from time to time. 
Distribution: 
Subject to applicable selling restrictions, Notes may be distributed on a 
syndicated or non-syndicated basis. 
Currencies: 
Notes may be denominated in Euro or in any other currency or currencies, 
subject to compliance with all applicable legal and/or regulatory and/or 
central bank requirements. Payments in respect of Notes may, subject to 
such compliance, be made in and/or linked to, any currency or currencies 
other than the currency in which such Notes are denominated. 
Maturities: 
Any maturity as indicated in the applicable Final Terms, subject to such 
minimum or maximum maturity as may be allowed or required from time to 
time by any relevant competent authority, market operator or any applicable 
laws or regulations. 
Where Notes have a maturity of less than one year and either (a) the issue 
proceeds are received by the Issuer in the United Kingdom or (b) the 
activity of issuing the Notes is carried on from an establishment maintained 
by the Issuer in the United Kingdom, such Notes must: (i) have a minimum 
redemption value of £100,000 (or its equivalent in other currencies) and be 
issued only to persons whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, 
holding, managing or disposing of investments (as principal or agent) for 
the purposes of their businesses or who it is reasonable to expect will 
acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as principal or agent) for

--- Page 10 ---
- 10 -
the purposes of their businesses; or (ii) be issued in other circumstances 
which do not constitute a contravention of section 19 of the Financial 
Services and Markets Act 2000, as amended (the “FSMA”) by the Issuer. 
Denomination: 
The minimum denomination of each Note will be such amount as may be 
allowed or required from time to time by the relevant central bank (or 
equivalent body) or any laws or regulations applicable to the relevant 
specified currency indicated in the applicable Final Terms (as defined 
below) and save that the minimum denomination of each Note admitted to 
trading on a regulated market situated or operating within the EEA and/or 
offered to the public in a Member State of the EEA in circumstances which 
require the publication of a prospectus under the Prospectus Regulation will 
be €100,000 (or, if the Notes are denominated in a currency other than euro, 
the equivalent amount in such currency). No Bearer Notes will be issued 
with tradeable amounts less than the minimum denomination specified in 
the relevant Final Terms. 
Method of Issue: 
The Notes will be issued on a syndicated or non-syndicated basis. The 
Notes will be issued in one or more Series (which may be issued on the 
same date or which may be issued in more than one Tranche on different 
dates). The Notes may be issued in Tranches on a continuous basis with no 
minimum issue size, subject to compliance with all applicable laws, 
regulations and directives. Further Notes may be issued as part of an 
existing Series. 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes and Book-entry Notes 
Registration, clearing, settlement, 
title and transfer: 
The Bearer Notes may be issued in bearer form, with or without interest 
coupons. 
Bearer Notes will, unless otherwise specified in the applicable Final Terms, 
initially be represented by a Temporary Global Note without interest 
coupons attached, deposited: (a) in the case of a global note which is not 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “Classic Global Note” or 
“CGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with or on behalf of a 
Common Depositary located outside the United States for Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg; or (b) in the case of a global note which is 
intended to be issued in new global note form (a “New Global Note” or 
“NGN”), as specified in the relevant Final Terms, with a common 
safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg. Interests in a 
Temporary Global Note will be exchangeable for interests in a permanent 
global Note in bearer form, without coupons (a “Permanent Global 
Note”). 
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de 
Gestión de los Sistemas de Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de 
Valores, S.A., Unipersonal (“Iberclear”), which is the Spanish Central 
Securities Depository, with its registered address at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 
28014, Madrid, Spain. Holders of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry 
Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a 
participating account with Iberclear may participate in the Book-entry 
Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank 
SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, 
Luxembourg”) with Iberclear. 
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each 
person shown in the central registry (the “Spanish Central Registry”) 
managed by Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the respective 
participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the “Iberclear

--- Page 11 ---
- 11 -
Members”) as being the holder of the Book-entry Notes shall be 
considered the holder of the principal amount of the Book-entry Notes 
recorded therein. The “Holder” of a Book-entry Note means the person in 
whose name such Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish 
Central Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant 
Iberclear Member accounting book and “Noteholder” shall be construed 
accordingly and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest in 
the Book-entry Notes.
The Book-entry Notes will be issued without any restrictions on their free 
transferability. Consequently, the Book-entry Notes may be transferred and 
title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law and to 
compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of 
Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon 
registration in the relevant registry of each Iberclear Member and / or 
Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be treated as the legitimate 
owner (titular legítimo) of the relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes 
(whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of ownership, 
trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate 
issued in respect of it) and no person will be liable for so treating the 
Holder. 
Issue Price: 
Notes may be issued at their principal amount or at a discount or premium 
to their principal amount. The price and amount of Notes to be issued under 
the Programme will be determined by the Issuer and each relevant Dealer at 
the time of issue in accordance with prevailing market conditions. 
Interest: 
Notes may be interest bearing or non-interest bearing. Interest (if any) may 
accrue at a fixed rate or a floating rate. The length of the interest periods for 
the Notes and the applicable interest rate or its method of calculation may 
differ from time to time or be constant for any Series. Notes may have a 
maximum interest rate, a minimum interest rate, or both.  
Fixed Rate Notes: 
Fixed interest will be payable in arrear on the date or dates in each year, 
specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Floating Rate Notes: 
Floating Rate Notes will bear interest set separately for each Series at a rate 
determined (i) on the same basis as the Floating Rate (as defined in the 
ISDA Definitions) under a notional interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions (as 
supplemented, amended and updated as at the Issue Date of the first 
Tranche of Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives 
Association, Inc.); or (ii) by reference to EURIBOR, LIBOR or SONIA, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, as adjusted for any applicable margin. 
Interest periods will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
Zero coupon Notes: 
Zero Coupon Notes will be offered or sold at a discount to their original 
nominal amount and will not bear interest. 
Partial redemption: 
The Final Terms issued in respect of each issue of Notes which are 
redeemable in two or more instalments will set out the date on which, and 
the amounts in which, such Notes may be redeemed. 
Payments in respect of Book-entry 
Notes: 
Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant 
Holder maintained by or on behalf of it with a bank that has access to the 
TARGET2 System, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member at close of business on the

--- Page 12 ---
- 12 -
day immediately preceding the Business Day on which the payment of 
principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the 
procedures of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Member to receive payments under the relevant Notes. None of the Issuer 
or the Paying Agent or, if applicable, the Dealers will have any 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in 
respect of the Notes. 
Redemption: 
The applicable Final Terms will indicate either that the relevant Notes 
cannot be redeemed prior to their stated maturity (other than for taxation 
reasons) or that such Notes will be redeemable at the option of the Issuer 
(either in whole or in part) and/or the Noteholders, and if so the terms 
applicable to such redemption.  
Taxation:  
All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Notes by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without 
withholding or deduction for or on account of, any present or future taxes, 
duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, 
levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of 
Spain or any political subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof 
having power to tax, unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, 
duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by law. In that 
event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt 
by the Noteholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction 
been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in 
respect of any Note except in certain limited circumstances (please refer to 
Condition 13 (Taxation)).  
Negative Pledge: 
The Notes will contain a negative pledge as more fully set out in Condition 
5 (Negative Pledge).
Covenants: 
The Notes will contain a covenant given by the Issuer to ensure that its 
unencumbered total assets value will be at least equal to its unsecured debt 
as more fully set out in Condition 6 (Covenants). 
Cross Default: 
The Notes will contain a cross default in respect of Indebtedness of the 
Issuer and certain of its Material Subsidiaries as more fully set out in 
Condition 14(d) (Events of Default).  
Disclosure 
of 
Information 
in 
Connection with Payments:  
Under Spanish Law 10/2014, and Royal Decree 1065/2007, interest 
payments in respect of (i) Bearer notes, should be paid gross provided that 
certain information requirements are met. In particular, the Issuer shall 
receive an information statement in the form provided for under article 44.4 
in respect of the Book-entry notes and in the form provided for under article 
44.5 in respect of the Bearer Notes, as further described under “Spanish 
SOCIMI Regime and Taxation”; and (ii) Book-entry Notes for the benefit of 
Non-Spanish tax resident investors or Spanish Corporate Income Tax 
Payers . 
If for any reason the Issuer does not receive the required information 
described under “Spanish SOCIMI Regime and Taxation”, the Issuer may 
be required to withhold tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. In that event, 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to any such 
withholding tax.  
A summary of the procedures to collect the above referenced information is 
set out in “Spanish SOCIMI Regime and Taxation—the Kingdom of Spain”.

--- Page 13 ---
- 13 -
None of the Arranger, the Dealers and the Clearing Systems assume any 
responsibility therefore. 
Governing Law: 
Bearer Notes: Save as described below, the Bearer Notes, the Agency 
Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Bearer Notes are governed by English law. The status 
of the Bearer Notes as described in Condition 4 (Status) are governed by 
Spanish law. 
Book-entry Notes: Save as described below, the Book-entry Notes, the 
Agency Agreement and any non-contractual obligations arising out of or in 
connection with the Book-entry Notes are governed by English law. The 
Spanish Agency Agreement and the title, transfer and status of the Book-
entry Notes as described in Condition 3 (Form, Denomination and Title) 
and Condition 4 (Status), respectively, are governed by Spanish law. 
Clearing Systems:  
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg (in respect of the Bearer Notes), 
and such additional clearing system(s) as may be specified in the relevant 
Final Terms, and Iberclear (in respect of the Book-entry Notes). 
Listing and admission to trading: 
This Base Prospectus has been approved by  the Central Bank as competent 
authority under the Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves 
this Base Prospectus as meeting the requirements imposed under European 
Union law pursuant to the Prospectus Regulation.  
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange plc, for the Bearer 
Notes to be admitted during the period of twelve months after the date 
hereof to listing on the Official List and to trading on the regulated market 
of Euronext Dublin.   
Bearer Notes may be listed or admitted to trading, as the case may be, on 
another EU MiFID Regulated Market, as agreed between the Issuer and the 
relevant Dealer in relation to the Series and as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms. 
Book-entry Notes may be admitted to trading on AIAF.  
Unlisted Notes will not be issued under the Programme. 
Selling Restrictions: 
United States, Prohibition on sales to EEA retail investors, Prohibition on 
sales to UK retail investors, United Kingdom and Singapore. See 
“Subscription and Sale”. 
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities 
Act and may not be offered or sold within the United States or to, or for 
the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions 
exempt from the registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms 
used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by Regulation 
S under the Securities Act (“Regulation S”). 
In connection with the offering and sale of a particular Tranche of Notes, 
additional selling restrictions may be imposed which will be set out in the 
relevant Final Terms. 
Status: 
The Notes will constitute senior, unconditional, unsubordinated, and 
unsecured obligations of the Issuer and in the event of insolvency 
(concurso) of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under 
Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law 
approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 
1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley

--- Page 14 ---
- 14 -
Concursal) (the “Spanish Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provision 
which replaces it in the future and subject to any legal and statutory 
exceptions) will rank pari passu without any preference among themselves 
and with all other outstanding, unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of 
the Issuer, present and future.  
Risk Factors: 
Prospective investors should understand the risks of investing in any type of 
Note before they make their investment decision. They should make their 
own independent decision to invest in any type of Note and as to whether 
an investment in such Note is appropriate or proper for them based upon 
their own judgment and upon advice from such advisers as they consider 
necessary. 
For a description of certain risks involved in investing in the Notes, see 
“Risk Factors”. Risk factors are designed both to protect investors from 
investments from which they are not suitable and to set out the financial 
risks associated with an investment in a particular type of Note. 
Use of Proceeds:  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the 
general corporate purposes of the Group, including the repayment of 
existing indebtedness of the Group. 
If, in respect of any particular issue, there is a particular identified use of 
proceeds, this will be stated in the applicable Final Terms. 
Representation of holders of the 
Notes: 
In accordance with Condition 18 (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification 
and Waiver) (in respect of the Bearer Notes) and Condition 17 (Meetings of 
Noteholders; Modification and Waiver) (in respect of the Book-entry 
Notes), Schedule 1 (Provisions for Meetings of Noteholders) of the Agency 
Agreement (as defined below) contains provisions for convening meetings 
of holders of Notes to consider any matter affecting their interests. 
Rating: 
Tranches of Notes may be rated or unrated and if rated, such rating(s) will 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms and it shall also be specified if the 
relevant credit rating agency is or is not established in the European Union 
and whether such agency is or is not registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation. 
In general, European regulated investors are restricted from using a rating 
for regulatory purposes if such rating is not issued by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU CRA Regulation unless 
(1) the rating is provided by a credit rating agency not established in the 
EEA but is endorsed by a credit rating agency established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation or (2) the rating is provided by a 
credit rating agency not established in the EEA but is certified under the EU 
CRA Regulation. 
A rating is not a recommendation to buy, sell or hold Notes and may be 
subject to suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the 
assigning rating agency.

--- Page 15 ---
- 15 -
RISK FACTORS  
The Issuer believes that the following risk factors may affect its ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. Risk 
factors which are material for the purpose of assessing the market risks associated with the Notes are also 
described below. 
The Issuer believes that the risk factors described below represent the principal risks inherent in investing in the 
Notes, but the Issuer may be unable to pay interest, principal or other amounts on or in connection with the Notes 
for other reasons which may not be considered significant risks by the Issuer based on information currently 
available or which it may not currently be able to anticipate. In addition, the Issuer does not represent that the 
statements below regarding the risks of holding any Notes are exhaustive. In particular, there are certain other 
risks, which are considered to be less important or because they are more general risks, such as for example, the 
Group’s increased dependence on IT systems, risks associated with the Issuer’s subsidiaries or minority 
investments and risks related to court and out-of-court claims, which have not been included in this Base 
Prospectus in accordance with Regulation (EU) 2017/1129. In addition, in the future, risks that are currently 
unknown or not considered relevant by the Issuer might also have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, results of operations and/or financial position. If any such risk should occur, the price of the Issuer’s 
securities may decline, and investors could lose all or part of their investment.
Before making an investment decision with respect to any Notes, prospective investors should consult their own 
stockbroker, bank manager, legal counsel, accountant or other financial, legal and tax advisers and should 
consider carefully whether an investment in the Notes is suitable for them in light of the information in this Base 
Prospectus and their personal circumstances. Prospective investors should also read the detailed information set 
out elsewhere in this Base Prospectus, or incorporated by reference into, and reach their own views prior to 
making any investment decision. 
In this Base Prospectus, those risk factors that the Issuer believes are the most material as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus have been presented first in each category. The order of presentation of the remaining risk factors in 
each category in this Base Prospectus is not intended to be an indication of the probability of their occurrence or 
of their potential effect on the Issuer’s ability to fulfil its obligations under the Notes. 
RISKS RELATING TO OUR BUSINESS 
The COVID-19 health crisis and its economic and social negative consequences at the global level, although 
still uncertain, are affecting and could continue to affect our activities and results 
There is still great uncertainty globally due to the events linked to the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 coronavirus, 
which causes the disease COVID-19, and which was declared a “pandemic” by the World Health Organization in 
March 2020. 
Governments of many countries, including Spain and France (where we operate through our subsidiary Société 
Foncière Lyonnaise (“SFL”)), are continuing to take unprecedented measures to contain the spread of the 
coronavirus, such as imposing restrictions on the freedom of movement of citizens. Although many countries 
started to lift implemented restrictions in the early summer of 2020, restrictions were reintroduced as a result of a 
second and a third wave of COVID-19 cases around the world, including in Spain and France. A continuation of 
additional waves of infections could lead to additional restrictions being imposed, which, in turn, could have a 
material adverse impact on the Spanish and French economies.  
The measures adopted to date in Spain and France as a result of COVID-19 primarily affect the retail sector, in 
which we have a reduced exposure. As further explained under “—Our business may be affected by adverse 
conditions in the Spanish and French economies and the Eurozone” below, we almost exclusively operate in the 
office rental market (97% and 93% of rental income for the year ended 31 December 2020 and 2019, respectively), 
with the logistics markets and others accounting for 3% and 7% of rental income for these periods, respectively.  
During 2020 and against the backdrop of the coronavirus pandemic, listed companies, including the Issuer, have 
generally suffered significant decreases in their share price in trading sessions marked by high volatility. Such 
volatility continued during the first months of 2021.

--- Page 16 ---
- 16 -
In view of this situation, we have implemented a number of measures, including:  
(i)  
Permanent protection and support for employees and management team: this has included remote 
working by staff in order to protect the health and safety of our employees, as well as the continuity of our 
business activity and client service;
(ii)  
Asset protection: this has included the establishment of action protocols consisting of preventive and 
corrective measures in all buildings in order to ensure the health and safety of all users of the buildings, as 
well as a series of measures in order to ensure the health and safety in a phased return to work;
(iii) 
Rent deferrals and rebates: we have provided individual assistance to clients who are suffering from great 
financial hardship due to the coronavirus crisis, in particular small and medium-sized enterprises in the 
retail sector. To that end, we have analysed and negotiated rent deferrals or, exceptionally, rent rebates 
with a special focus on companies that are in financial difficulties as a result of, and in the context of, the 
prohibitions imposed on the carrying out of their business activities in the commerce or leisure sector. As 
at 31 December 2020, the Group had discussions with 41% of its clients and, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, all negotiations with clients related to the first and second wave have been completed. The 
discounts granted during the year ended 31 December 2020 amounted to €15.2 million, representing 4.5% 
of the Group’s gross rental income and resulting in a negative impact of €6.1 million on our consolidated 
income statement for 2020, with the remainder to be recognised in our financial statements in subsequent 
years. The agreements reached in 2020 for rent deferrals amounted to €19.5 million, with the Group 
having received €13.6 million during 2020. Between 1 January 2021 and the date of this Base Prospectus, 
there have been no significant rent deferrals or rent rebates granted in connection with the COVID-19 
pandemic;
(iv) 
Project and investment portfolio: we reviewed our project portfolio and decided to delay the investments 
planned for 2020 by an amount of €60 million, with the majority of such investments expected to be 
carried out during 2021. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we do not currently expect to incur any relevant 
penalties or liabilities as a result of such delays. In addition, we also reviewed our investment policies and 
criteria in accordance with a more conservative scenario, which resulted in a reduction of investments 
made in new assets in 2020. Between 1 January 2021 and the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has 
not made any significant investments, except for the purchase of one floor of an office building in Madrid, 
which represented an investment of €5.1 million;
(v) 
Divestment processes: we have continued with the management of our planned divestment processes and 
have not identified any relevant commitment or liability in our investments and divestments. During 2020, 
we completed the disposal of 17 assets (considered non-core, secondary offices or mature offices) for a 
total amount of €333.4 million (of which €283.5 million were notarised in January and February of 2021);
(vi) 
Dividends: in May 2020, under the provisions of Article 40.6 bis of Royal Decree-Law 8/2020, of March 
17, the Issuer’s Board of Directors considered appropriate, from a perspective of financial prudence, to 
reduce by 9% the proposed amount of dividends to be distributed which had been contained in the Issuer’s 
consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019, on account of the uncertainty 
caused by the COVID-19 crisis. The final distribution of dividends approved was €0.20 per share instead 
of the initial €0.22 per share contained in the proposal described in the Issuer’s consolidated financial 
statements for the year ended 31 December 2019; and
(vii) 
Financial structure: during 2020, the Group carried out a liability management exercise for certain of its 
senior bonds, agreed new lines of credit for a total amount of €1.35 billion and issued senior bonds for a 
total amount of €1 billion, which allowed the Group to cancel debt (credit lines and bonds) for a total 
amount of €1.179 billion, increasing liquidity, lengthening the maturity of the Group’s debt, reinforcing 
and optimising its financial structure. 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, and despite the progress made in the COVID-19 vaccination process, the 
economic and social impact of the spread of the coronavirus pandemic is uncertain, particularly the impact on 
certain sectors of the economy, such as the real estate sector in which we operate. Our gross rental income for the 
year ended 31 December 2020 decreased by 4% when compared to the same period in 2019, mainly due to the non-
core assets disvestments and to the rebates negotiated. However there can be no assurance that the impact of the 
coronavirus pandemic on the economy as a whole and our clients in particular, including as a result of the

--- Page 17 ---
- 17 -
mitigation measures adopted by the Spanish and French governments, will not have a material adverse impact on 
our results of operations in the future. 
In addition, and notwithstanding the fact that the rating agencies Standard & Poor’s and Moody’s have so far 
maintained our credit rating, we cannot rule out that the spread of COVID-19 may not adversely affect the ability 
of our clients to make rental payments, the valuation of our Property Portfolio, the renewal of lease agreements, the 
timing of the expected completion of our ongoing projects, the demand of assets in certain locations or with certain 
characteristics, any divestments we may want to carry out, the level of our indebtedness or our credit ratings. All of 
the foregoing could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, business, prospects and results of 
operations. 
We are currently unable to predict the final consequences that the COVID-19 pandemic will have on our activities 
and results in the future, as these will vary greatly depending on the evolution and extent of the pandemic in the 
coming weeks and months, as well as the capacity of governments, central banks and businesses to react and adapt 
to the circumstances. As a result, the health crisis caused by COVID-19 and its global economic and social 
consequences, although still uncertain, could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, business, 
prospects and results of operations. 
Our business may be affected by adverse conditions in the Spanish and French economies and the Eurozone 
As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the location of our real estate assets is currently exclusively concentrated in 
Spain (Madrid and Barcelona) and France (Paris, through our subsidiary SFL). For the year ended 31 December 
2020, 53% and 47% of our total revenue came from France and Spain, respectively. We almost exclusively operate 
in the office rental market in the cities of Barcelona, Madrid and Paris (14%, 30% and 53% of our rental revenue 
for the year ended 31 December 2020, respectively), and additionally in Spain in the logistics market and others 
(2% of our rental revenue for the year ended 31 December 2020). In addition, according to the valuations of our 
Property Portfolio made by independent appraisers, as at 31 December 2020, 12%, 25% and 62% of the total value 
of the assets of the Group were located in Barcelona, Madrid and Paris, respectively, and the remaining 1% were 
considered other assets also located in Spain. Also, as at 31 December 2020, 23% (412,608 sqm), 46% (823,255 
sqm) and 25% (442,166 sqm) of the Group’s office rental properties were located in Barcelona, Madrid and Paris, 
respectively, and 6% (112,625 sqm), corresponded to the rest of the portfolio, located entirely in Spain. As a result, 
our business is exposed to adverse economic conditions in Spain and France. 
As the real estate markets are typically cyclical in nature and follow the performance of the wider economy, we are 
exposed to any factors that adversely affect the Spanish and French economy and, particularly, the economic 
conditions in Madrid, Barcelona and Paris. 
There is currently great uncertainty globally due to the COVID-19 pandemic and its impact on economic activity, 
including as a result of restrictions imposed by governments aimed at stopping the spread of the coronavirus.  
Although many countries started to lift restrictions in the early summer of 2020, restrictions were reintroduced as a 
result of a second and a third wave of COVID-19 cases around the world, including in Spain and France. While 
multiple vaccine approvals and the launch of vaccination in most countries have raised hopes of a turnaround in the 
pandemic later in 2021, an increase in infections, the occurrence of new strains of the virus and difficulties in the 
rollout of vaccinations could prolong existing restrictions to contain the spread of COVID-19, or lead to additional 
restrictions being imposed, which, in turn, could have a material adverse impact on the Spanish and French 
economies and, therefore, affect the Group’s tenants. 
While the extent of the negative final impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the Spanish and French economies is 
still uncertain, there is growing concern of a severe and prolonged economic downturn across major economies as 
a result of the pandemic, including Spain and France. For example, gross domestic product (“GDP”) declined by 
10.8% in Spain and 8.3% in France during the year 2020 (source: INE and INSEE, respectively) and the 
unemployment rate in Spain and France rose to 16.1% and 8%, respectively, in the fourth quarter of 2020 (source: 
INE and INSEE, respectively). Likewise, the Consumer Price Index at the end of 2020 in Spain was -0.5%, its first 
negative year-end rate since 2014, while in France it stood at 0.0% year-on-year (source: INE and INSEE, 
respectively). Therefore, while the IMF estimates that major global economies, including Spain and France, will 
return to growth in 2021, it is expected that the uncertainty of the economic situation will remain during 2021 and 
could lead to an uncertain and prolonged recovery.

--- Page 18 ---
- 18 -
Furthermore, in Spain and France, political and social instability has increased during recent years. In particular, 
the uncertainty generated by the political situation in Spain and the extension of the current situation in Catalonia 
could have a substantial negative impact on the Spanish economy. If political tensions were to re-emerge or 
intensify, this could have a negative impact on both the financial condition and the current macroeconomic scenario 
in Spain. There is also significant uncertainty around Spanish government policies given the high level of 
fragmentation in the Spanish parliament. 
Any such adverse economic conditions and uncertainty may have a negative impact on investor confidence, 
consumer spending, levels of employment, rental revenues, vacancy rates and real estate values, demand for office 
space, financing costs or the ability of our tenants to meet their rental payment obligations and, accordingly, could 
have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
We operate in a highly-competitive sector 
The real estate sector in Spain and France is highly competitive and very fragmented, and new real estate 
companies face low barriers to entry. Our competitors in Spain are typically companies operating locally but also 
include international companies. With the reopening of capital markets, triggered by the recovered confidence of 
international investment funds in the real estate sector as a long-term investment, especially in connection with 
sovereign debt funds, with the creation of new listed property investment companies (SOCIMIs) and with the rise 
in investments made in property assets, the level of competition in both the Spanish and French rental property 
sector has increased. Furthermore, the growth of acquisitions and concentration of companies in the real estate 
sector has also meant an increase in the level of competition. In addition, real estate investment companies, backed 
by both national and international investors, have entered the Spanish market to take advantage of what they 
perceive to be attractive valuations of real estate assets. 
In France, through our subsidiary SFL, we operate in a highly competitive sector and compete with numerous 
market participants such as (i) investors with a strong capital base such as insurance companies, real estate 
investment funds (OPCI) and real estate investment companies (SCPI) or sovereign wealth funds and (ii) investors 
who kept their indebtedness at manageable levels through the the financial crisis that started in 2008, such as 
certain other French listed real estate companies (société d’investissement immobilier cotées or SIIC). Moreover, 
foreign investors have recently returned to the Parisian real estate investment market leading to higher competition. 
Any of these competitors in the Spanish and French markets may be larger in size and have greater financial 
resources than we have. This high competitiveness could lead to an oversupply of property, or a decline in prices, 
including an oversupply of rental properties in the offices sector and a decrease in rental levels, in particular as a 
result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Furthermore, an elevated number of competitors in the industry may, at certain 
times and for certain projects, impede the Group’s acquisition of new assets for its rental business. Also, our 
competitors could adopt similar business models regarding rent, development and acquisition, which could reduce 
our competitive advantage. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and 
results of operations. 
Our activities are concentrated in the letting of offices and, in particular, in the letting offices in the central 
business districts of Paris, Madrid and Barcelona 
Our main activity is the management and development of buildings for rental, mainly offices in the central business 
district (“CBD”) in Paris, Madrid and Barcelona. As at 31 December 2020, the letting of offices represented 93% 
of our rental income and 73% of this income originated from rents obtained in the CBD as at 31 December 2020. 
Furthermore, as at 31 December 2020, 51% of the total sqm surface of our Property Portfolio was located in the 
CBD. Consequently, changes in trends of preference about the offices’ location in these areas could have a material 
adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
In particular, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic could significantly affect the office letting activity.  
This includes the following factors:  

the imposition of lockdowns, quarantines, restrictions on travel, social distancing rules and restrictions on 
types of business that may be allowed to operate are having a significant impact on tenants of office

--- Page 19 ---
- 19 -
spaces; 

difficulty in collecting rent payments, on time or at all, from certain tenants, in particular those that are 
unable to operate due to the lockdown measures and other restrictions imposed by government; 

cashflow difficulties and deterioration in credit and financing conditions which may affect tenants’ ability 
to access capital necessary to fund business operations, which, in turn, may affect their ability to pay rent 
on time or at all or may lead to such tenants becoming insolvent; 

tenants’ ability to operate their business in compliance with new health and safety rules, regulations and 
recommendations, such as restrictions on, or changes made by businesses for, social-distancing and 
hygiene/sanitation reasons; 

a downward trend in property values and rent levels or tenants’ requests for payment holidays, rent 
reductions and rent cancellations; and 

a decrease in demand for commercial property assets, either for certain types or in certain locations or 
more generally, as a result of travel restrictions or other confinement measures, a general slowdown of the 
economy or a change in established working patterns in tenants’ businesses through a sustained shift to 
“working from home” and “remote working / meeting” arrangements on an extended or permanent basis. 
For example, in September 2020, the Spanish government approved a regulation to encourage remote 
working which entered into force in October 2020.  
The Group’s rental income in 2020 decreased by 4% when compared to 2019 due to, among other things, the 
rebates granted to clients, which represented 4.5% of our turnover in 2020, as well as the rent deferrals granted, 
which represented 5.7% of our turnover in 2020. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the ongoing impact of the 
COVID-19 health crisis on the economy in general, and on the Group’s clients in particular, including as a result of 
the factors described above, could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s financial condition, business, 
prospects and results of operations. 
The valuation of our real estate asset portfolio may not precisely and accurately reflect the value of our assets at 
any given time 
Twice a year we engage independent appraisers to prepare a valuation of all assets that form part of our Property 
Portfolio. As stated in Note 4.4 to Colonial’s consolidated financial statements for the financial year 2020, which 
are incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus, as at 31 December 2020, the assets comprising our 
Property Portfolio were valued by the independent appraisers in accordance with the Royal Institution of Chartered 
Surveyors Appraisal and Valuation Standards (“RICS”) at an amount of approximately €12,020 million (this 
amount includes the full value of the assets that we hold indirectly through joint ventures in which we have a stake 
of 50% or more), based on certain assumptions and different valuation methods, a slight decrease when compared 
to the valuation as at 30 June 2020 (approximately €12,164 million).  
The Group books, periodically (every half year), the corresponding revaluation or impairment as a result of 
adjusting the carrying amount of each of the assets at their fair value in accordance with IAS 40. This value is 
determined by taking as reference the values attributed to each of the properties by independent appraisers. As at 31 
December 2020, the Group recognised in the consolidated income statement (“changes in value of investment 
property”) investment property revaluation losses for the year ended 31 December 2020 amounting to €79 million, 
based on the valuations made by the independent appraisers as at 31 December 2020. The revaluation, which was 
recorded in both France and Spain, is the result of the decrease in the appraisal value of the assets in our Property 
Portfolio. 
The valuation of property and property related assets is inherently subjective, in part because all property 
valuations are made on the basis of assumptions which may not prove to be accurate (particularly in periods of 
volatility or low transaction flow in the commercial real estate market), and in part because of the individual nature 
of each property. Therefore, property valuations might not accurately reflect the current market value of the 
Property Portfolio at a certain time. While the independent appraisers carry out their valuation applying mainly 
objective market criteria to each of such assets, real estate valuation is inherently subjective and relies on a number 
of assumptions based on the features of each property. In the event that certain information, estimates or 
assumptions used by such independent appraisers turn out to be inaccurate or incorrect, this could cause their

--- Page 20 ---
- 20 -
valuations of our Property Portfolio to be materially incorrect and may require such valuations to be revised.  
During the first half of 2020, real estate market activity was adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and 
appraisers considered that they could not base their opinion of value on market and comparable evidence prior to 
this situation. Nevertheless, as at 31 December 2020, certain property markets started to function, with transaction 
volumes and other relevant evidences returning to levels where enough market evidence exists upon which to base 
opinions of value, in particular in offices rental market. Accordingly, appraisers state that their valuation as at 31 
December 2020 is not reported as being subject to material valuation uncertainty, as defined by the VPS 3 
(Valuation Technical and Performance Standards) and VPGA 10 (Valuation Practice Guidance Applications) of the 
RICS Global Valuation Standards.  
However, the market value of real estate assets, including commercial land under development and buildings of 
any nature could decrease due to a number of other factors as well, such as increases in the risk premium leading to 
lower than expected returns, our inability to obtain or maintain necessary licenses, decline in demand, planning and 
zoning developments, regulatory changes, and other factors, some of which may be beyond our control. We cannot 
currently predict the future impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the assets in our Property Portfolio or the wider 
real estate markets in Spain and France. Any downward revision of the valuation of our Property Portfolio, whether 
as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, may require us to include a loss in our financial statements, 
which, in turn, may have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial condition, results of 
operations and prospects. 
The success of our business depends on our ability to retain existing tenants or acquire new ones 
Our main activity is the rental, acquisition, promotion and sale of real estate. If, in the context of our main activity, 
we fail to adequately manage our tenant base, including if we are unable to retain our current tenants due to the 
non-renewal of their lease agreements upon expiry and where we are unable to find new tenants, there is a risk that 
they will become vacant, resulting in a decrease in our revenues. As at 31 December 2020, the average lease term 
in our Property Portfolio (calculated until the first break-option not until the expiration date) was approximately 5.1 
years for leases located in Paris (5.3 years as at 31 December 2019), approximately 2.2 years for leases located in 
Barcelona (2.1 years as at 31 December 2019) and approximately 2.5 years for leases located in Madrid (2.9 years 
as at 31 December 2019). 
Even if we enter into new lease agreements with our existing tenants or new tenants, there is a risk that we may 
have to do so on less favourable terms due to prevailing market conditions at the time of entering into such new 
leases or other reasons, resulting in a decrease in our revenues. 
As at 31 December 2020, the EPRA Occupancy for our office Property Portfolio stood at 95.2%. In particular, as at 
such date, the EPRA Occupancy for our office assets in Barcelona was 95.4%, which is slightly lower than the 
figure for 31 December 2019 (98%). In Madrid and Paris, the EPRA Occupancy for our office assets stood at 
96.9% (95.7% as at 31 December 2019) and 94.4% (98% as at 31 December 2019), respectively. In addition, as at 
31 December 2020, 78% of our Property Portfolio (in terms of total square meters) was under letting (with the 
remaining 22% being in the project phase). Notwithstanding the foregoing, there can be no assurance that we will 
be able to maintain such levels of EPRA Occupancy for our office Property Portfolio in the future or that we will 
be able to successfully let those properties in our Property Portfolio that move from the project phase to the letting 
phase. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, business, prospects and results 
of operations. 
Our business requires significant expenditure 
In order to avoid a loss of value of the Group’s real estate assets, the Group regularly carries out maintenance and 
repair work as well as work aimed at modernising its properties to increase their attractiveness or to comply with 
regulatory changes, such as new energy saving regulations, all of which requires significant levels of investment. 
The success of our business is dependent on such investments ultimately yielding the targeted return. For the year 
ended 31 December 2020, we invested a total amount of €207 million in real estate development or refurbishment 
projects and the acquisition of new properties, which represented 2% of the total value of our office Property 
Portfolio. In the event of a delay in the date of entry into operation of such assets, or in the event that the rents 
agreed under new leases are lower than expected, this could have a material adverse impact on the expected return

--- Page 21 ---
- 21 -
on investments, activities, results and/or financial situation of the Group. In particular, such delays could be 
prolonged due to the COVID-19 health crisis, although, as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has not 
suffered any delays having a material impact on its business. 
Moreover, there are significant expenditures associated with the holding and managing of a property over time, 
such as taxes, service charges, insurance, maintenance and refurbishment costs and such expenditures are difficult 
to predict or may unexpectedly increase. During the year ended 31 December 2020, such costs represented 7% of 
the Group’s revenue during such period.  
While we pass on the majority of these costs to tenants in accordance with applicable law and contractual 
conditions applicable to each tenant through increased rents, this could make it more difficult to renew lease 
agreements with our existing tenants and making our value offering less attractive to new tenants, resulting in a 
decline in our competitiveness in the rental sector. This risk could be aggravated by the COVID-19 health crisis to 
the extent that a reduction in rental income could occur while expenses associated with the holding and 
management of real estate could remain the same or even increase, which could have a significant impact on our 
business and results of operations. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, business, prospects and results 
of operations. 
We are dependent on a small number of large tenants and assets for a significant part of our revenue from 
rental income 
A small number of tenants currently account for a significant part of our revenue from rental income. As at 31 
December 2020, and on the basis of the lease agreements in force at that date, twenty tenants represented 38% of 
our total revenue from rental income (with our largest tenant representing 4% of that total revenue). Public sector 
companies who are tenants represented 6% of our revenue as at 31 December 2020. 
Our real estate business depends on the solvency and liquidity of our tenants. A tenant may from time to time 
experience financial difficulties or may become insolvent, as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic or otherwise, 
which could result in its failure to meet payment obligations when due, or at all. If we experience a significant rate 
of delinquency in the payment of rent or if we are unable to collect overdue rent, or if our reserves for these 
purposes prove inadequate, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects 
and results of operations. 
Moreover, if we were unable to retain any of our large tenants or if we were unable to replace them with other 
tenants on substantially similar terms, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, 
prospects and results of operations. 
A small number of assets represent a significant part of the Group’s rental income: As at 31 December 2020, 20 
assets of the Group represented approximately 59% of its revenues in Spain and 5 assets of SFL represented 
approximately 57% of its revenues in France. The asset “Santa Hortensia 26-28” represented approximately 6% of 
the Group’s revenues in Spain and the asset “Edouard VII” represented approximately 15% of the Group’s 
revenues in France as at 31 December 2020, respectively. If, for any reason, any of these assets were destroyed, 
rendered inoperative or damaged for any reason, or the Group could not replace them with other assets under 
similar conditions, and the maximum amounts of the corresponding insurance policies taken out by the Group for 
these circumstances were not sufficient, there could be a substantial negative impact on the activities, results and 
financial position of the Group. 
We may engage in acquisitions, investments and disposals as part of our strategy 
The success of the Group’s business depends, among other factors, on the possibility of continuing to acquire 
properties with economic potential and/or at attractive prices, as well as the capacity to integrate and commercialise 
the newly acquired properties. Therefore, if in the future the Group could not carry out acquisitions of assets due 
to, inter alia, underfunding or difficulties in negotiating for their return, or could not acquire property under 
favourable conditions, its growth could be limited. 
The Group may on occasion undertake acquisitions of companies or businesses and real estate assets, such as the 
merger with Axiare Patrimonio, SOCIMI, S.A. (“Axiare”), the acquisition of which involved an investment of

--- Page 22 ---
- 22 -
€1.731 billion, the acquisition in 2017 of the co-working company Utopicus Innovación Cultural, S.L., the gross 
cost of which at 31 December 2020 was €28.6 million, or the acquisition in 2020 of the company Wittywood S.L., 
which involved an investment of €4.6 million, and we cannot guarantee that such acquisitions will be successful or, 
if successful, that they will generate the expected profits for the Group. The Group makes its investment decisions 
based on expected rental revenues of a property. If a property fails to achieve such rental revenues, this could result 
in a materially reduced return on investment. 
Before acquiring new properties, the Group carries out a technical analysis and due diligence on the structural 
situation of the new properties and, if necessary, the existence of harmful environmental impacts. However, it is 
possible that certain damages or quality deficiencies may not be observed, or that the extent of these types of 
problems may not be completely evident and/or that the deficiencies may not become noticeable until after the 
acquisition. 
Therefore, acquisitions of companies or businesses and real estate assets, whether completed or not or those that 
could be carried out in the future, imply a series of risks. For example, the companies of the Group could be faced 
with unforeseen events, liabilities, vices or defects. of a material nature relating to assets acquired or businesses 
unknown to the Group and that were not disclosed during the due diligence processes (e.g. the possible termination 
of contracts as a result of a change of control) or difficulties in the integration of acquired operations, which could 
cause disruptions or redundancies. If any of these risks were to occur, this could, among other things, require the 
Group to incur higher-than-anticipated costs (which could even make it necessary to make adjustments in the 
business) and require a level of dedication and attention from our management and staff which could stretch our 
resources or prevent them from being deployed in other areas of our business, which could have an adverse effect 
on our revenues. 
The management and control of these companies may result in risks associated with said plurality of owners and/or 
managers of such acquisitions of companies or businesses, and for those cases in which we have an interest in third 
parties of less than 100%. We may have non-controlling interests in third parties, in which case we may not be able 
to impose its policies or management models on such entities or, ultimately, participate in its management. 
Therefore, the revenues, profits and synergies derived from the acquisition of companies or businesses by the 
Group may not be in line with those expected or may not materialise. 
Any of the above factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and 
results of operations. 
Relative illiquidity of real estate assets which could prevent timely divestments 
Real estate assets may be illiquid for a number of reasons, including, among other factors, fluctuations in demand 
or the unsuitability of assets to meet the requirements of investors (as at 31 December 2020, the assets comprising 
our Property Portfolio were valued at an amount of approximately €12.020 million by independent appraisers). 
This risk is particularly relevant in adverse market situations such as those prevailing at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, mainly due to the COVID-19 pandemic. We believe that, based on information received from our 
independent appraisers, that the volume of new leases and investments in the office market declined significantly in 
the main European cities, falling significantly in Barcelona, Madrid and Paris, to levels below the average of the 
last five years. 
Additionally, we could have difficulties to realise the actual value of some of our assets and be forced to lower the 
sale price or to keep them in the portfolio for a longer period than expected. The illiquidity of the investments may 
limit our capacity to adapt our Property Portfolio to potential circumstantial changes. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and results 
of operations. 
We are required to comply with laws and regulations associated with holding and managing real estate 
As a group operating in the real estate sector, we are required to comply with Spanish, French and EU laws and 
regulations, which laws and regulations relate to, among other things, property, land use, development, zoning, 
health, safety, taxation regarding real estate assets and stability requirements and environmental compliance. These 
laws and regulations often provide broad discretion to the administering authorities and the relevant authorities in

--- Page 23 ---
- 23 -
Spain, France and the European Union could impose sanctions if we do not comply with such laws or regulations. 
Compliance with such laws and regulations could lead to increased expenditure associated with a property, which 
might adversely affect our expected return. Moreover, these laws and regulations are subject to change (some of 
which may, exceptionally, be retrospective), which could adversely affect, among other matters, existing planning 
consents, costs of property ownership, costs of property transfer, the capital value of our assets and/or our rental 
income. Such changes may also adversely affect our ability to use a property as initially intended and could also 
cause us to incur increased capital expenditure or running costs to ensure compliance with such new applicable 
laws or regulations, which may not be recoverable from tenants. In addition, in order to be able to operate our real 
estate assets, we must obtain or renew certain occupancy and activity licences from the municipal authorities. Any 
delay or failure to obtain these licences could expose us to claims or have an adverse effect on our revenues. 
Furthermore, while we strive to ensure that the materials we use in the refurbishment of our real estate assets are 
compliant with applicable legislation, such materials might not be compliant, which could expose us to claims or 
other adverse actions. 
Any of the above could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition, business, prospects and results 
of operations. 
Our insurance coverage might be insufficient to cover our costs and liability in relation to our real estate assets 
The Group’s real estate assets are subject to the general risk of damage that could occur as a result of various 
causes, whether natural or not, such as fires or floodings. If such real estate assets become unusable as a result, this 
could result in a loss of rental income. 
The Group could also incur liability vis-a-vis third parties for construction defects of any kind or in relation to the 
construction process and/or the materials used in the construction or refurbishment of our property assets or of 
assets previously owned or developed by us and which we have sold or transferred to third parties. These claims 
could also be brought in relation to possible defects in such assets caused by actions or omissions of third parties 
which we engage, such as architects, engineers, building contractors or subcontractors or as a result of accidents 
that may occur in any of the Group’s assets as well as for damage caused within the properties by third parties. 
While we have insurance in place to cover legal costs or potential damages against us and the Issuer’s directors and 
management as well as against us in relation to our real estate assets in certain cases, such insurance may not be 
adequate to cover all of the significant costs resulting from such legal claims. Moreover, we can provide no 
assurance that our current liability insurance coverage will continue to be available on commercially acceptable 
terms, and the insurer may, in any event, deny coverage on any future claim. 
In the event of any damage that is uninsured or that exceeds the insurance coverage or in case of any increase in the 
cost of insurance premiums following a claim made by the Group under its insurance policies, the Group could 
suffer a loss in relation to the investment made in the relevant asset as well as a loss of anticipated revenue deriving 
from such asset. In addition, the Group could be liable for relevant repair costs for damage caused by uninsured 
risks or remain liable for any debt or other financial obligations related to such property. 
Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and results 
of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO OUR FINANCING 
We rely on debt financing for a significant part of our funding needs 
As a company operating in the real estate sector, we require significant levels of investment to fund the 
development of our projects and the growth of our business through the acquisition of real estate. To finance our 
business, we typically use bank loans, mortgage loans, debt and capital increases. If we do not have access to such 
financing or alternative financing such as debt issuances or share capital increases, or in the event we are unable to 
obtain financing on favourable terms or at all, our capacity to refinance our debt and/or our ability to grow our 
business could be harmed, which would have a negative effect on our strategy and business. This risk is 
particularly relevant in adverse market conditions such as those currently prevalent as a result of the COVID-19 
pandemic. While such adverse market conditions have so far not had a significant adverse impact on the Group’s 
ability to access debt financing, there can be no assurance that this will not be the case in the future. Our inability

--- Page 24 ---
- 24 -
to access financing or obtaining financing on suitable terms, could have an adverse effect on our business activity 
and limit our growth, both of which could have a negative impact on our business and results of operations. 
Our Net Financial Indebtedness (calculated as the gross financial indebtedness (€4.9 billion) less cash and cash 
equivalents) was €4.6 billion as at 31 December 2020. Our Loan to Value was 36.2% as at 31 December 2020 
(calculated as net financial indebtedness (gross financial indebtedness less cash and cash equivalents) divided by 
gross asset valuation), compared with 36.1% as at 31 December 2019. Additionally, as at 31 December 2020, of the 
total amount of gross financial indebtedness of the Group, current debt (with maturity of less than 1 year) 
represented 11.7%. The weighted average cost of the Group’s current debt was 1.70% as at 31 December 2020 
compared to 1.63% as at 31 December 2019.  
Therefore, we are subject to risks normally associated with debt financing, including the risk that the cash flow 
from our operations is insufficient to meet our debt service requirements. If we do not have enough cash to service 
our debt, meet other obligations and fund other liquidity needs, we may be required to take actions such as 
reducing or delaying capital expenditures, selling assets, restructuring or refinancing all or part of our existing debt, 
or seeking additional equity capital. These alternative measures may be costly, may not be successful and may not 
permit the Group to satisfy all of its scheduled debt service requirements. We cannot assure you that any of these 
remedies, including obtaining appropriate waivers from our lenders, can be effected on reasonable terms or at all. 
In addition, any significant increase of leverage by the Group could restrict or limit access to financial markets and 
could have a negative impact on the credit rating of Colonial. In addition, despite working with lenders of 
recognised solvency, we cannot guarantee that the counterparties in our financing contracts will comply with their 
obligations in the future.  
Furthermore, our financing is subject to our complying with certain covenants. These include a change of control 
and determined levels of certain economic ratios as defined in each contract (loan to value ratio, debt service ratio, 
interest cover ratio, and others). While as at the date of this Base Prospectus, the Group has complied with all of 
the required covenants, any failure to comply with these covenants (including those contained in “Terms and 
Conditions of the Notes—Condition 6”), including as a result of the occurrence of extraordinary or unforeseen 
events, could result in an event of default under the Notes and such debt facilities, as well as early termination of 
such debt facilities.  
Any of the foregoing factors could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects 
and results of operations. 
A decrease in credit rating could adversely affect the Group  
The following table lists the credit ratings (rating) that Colonial currently has, both long-term and short-term, by 
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España and Moody’s Investors Service Limited, which are both 
credit rating agencies registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Credit rating agencies
Long term
Short term
Perspective
Date last
revision rating
S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España (1) ....  
BBB+
A-2
Stable 
16/04/2021
Moody’s Investors Service Limited(1) ........................................  
Baa2
—
Stable
28/04/2020
______ 
(1) Rating agency registered under the CRA Regulation. 
Since April 2017, SFL has been assigned a long-term credit rating of “BBB+” and a short-term credit rating of “A-
2”, with a stable outlook, by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España. The credit ratings of the 
Group companies can be found on the Colonial website (https://www.inmocolonial.com/en/shareholders-
investors/fixed-income/rating).  
There can be no assurance that the credit ratings currently granted to the Group companies will be maintained over 
time, as credit ratings are periodically reviewed and updated and depend on various factors, some of which may be 
beyond the Group’s control, such as, for example, the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic. Therefore, the credit 
ratings of the Group companies may suffer decreases and may be suspended or withdrawn at any time by the 
relevant credit rating agencies.

--- Page 25 ---
- 25 -
In addition, the Group has various financings the terms of which contain provisions which could trigger an early 
repayment in the event the Colonial were to lose “Investment Grade” status. 
Credit ratings are not a recommendation to purchase, subscribe, sell or hold securities and may be subject to 
suspension, reduction or withdrawal at any time by the rating agency awarding the rating. However, credit ratings 
affect the cost as well as other conditions in relation to our financings. Any downgrade of the credit rating of the 
Group would increase our borrowing costs and could restrict or limit access to financial markets, which could 
adversely affect our liquidity and could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, 
prospects and results of operations. 
We face certain risks related to fluctuations of interest rates 
As of 31 December 2020, 6% of our Gross Financial Indebtedness had a variable interest rate, while 94% had a 
fixed interest rate (compared to 21% and 79%, respectively, as of 31 December 2019).  
We cannot guarantee that we will be able to continue to incur financing at fixed interest rates and, consequently, 
that we might have to the increase the amount of financing at a variable interest rate. Any upward variation in the 
interest rates would increase the costs associated to financing debt with a variable interest rate and would, 
ultimately, have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
In relation to the interest rate risk, we have a risk management policy in place. The aim of this risk management 
policy is to reduce our exposure to the volatility of interest rates and to control the impact of such interest rates on 
our results and cash flow, maintaining an adequate overall debt cost. Additionally, our policy is to agree on efficient 
hedging financial instruments and thereby register variations in market value directly in our net Property Portfolio. 
As of 31 December 2020, the percentage of hedged debt and debt at a fixed interest rate over total debt was 96%. 
Hedging entails financial costs and could be negatively impacted by (i) interest limitations in hedging contracts 
with financial institutions; and (ii) inability to subscribe to hedging agreements as a consequence of factors that are 
outside our control and that could affect the hedging counterparties. In addition, any hedging arrangements will 
expose the Group to credit risk in respect of the hedging counterparty. 
In the event that we significantly increase our financing at a variable interest rate and we cannot cover our exposure 
to the interest rate fluctuations to a satisfactory degree, this could have a material adverse effect on our financial 
condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
RISKS RELATING TO TAXATION 
Colonial may cease to be qualified as a Spanish SOCIMI which would have adverse consequences for the 
Group  
As described in the section entitled “Information on the Issuer and the Group—History—SOCIMI Status”, with 
effects from 1 January 2017 the Company is subject to the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, and therefore, generally to a 
0% Corporate Income tax rate. 
However, as set forth under “Spanish SOCIMI Regime and Taxation”, the application of the Spanish SOCIMI 
Regime is subject to the fulfilment by the Company of certain complex requirements, among others, the listing of 
Colonial’s shares in a regulated market or multilateral trading facility, investment in Qualifying Assets, the receipt 
of income from certain sources and mandatory distribution of certain profits. 
Failure to comply with any such requirements will result, save where the regulations allow for such failure to be 
remedied, in the loss of the special tax regime in the year in which such situation arises, and the Company would 
have to pay Spanish Corporate Income Tax on the profits deriving from its activities at the standard Corporate 
Income Tax rate (25% as at the date of this Base Prospectus). The Company would not be eligible to apply the 
Spanish SOCIMI Regime for the following three fiscal years counted as of the end of the last fiscal year in which 
the SOCIMI Regime was applicable. 
If Colonial ceases to be qualified as a Spanish SOCIMI, this could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s 
business, financial condition, prospects or results of operations.

--- Page 26 ---
- 26 -
The disposal of Qualifying Assets would have negative implications under the Spanish SOCIMI Regime if 
carried out before the minimum three-year period elapses 
If a Qualifying Asset is sold before it is held for a minimum three year period, then (i) such capital gain would 
compute as non-qualifying net income within the 20% thresholds that must not be exceeded for the maintenance of 
the Spanish SOCIMI Regime (and such gain would be taxed in accordance with the general Corporate Income Tax 
regime and at the standard Corporate Income Tax rate (currently, 25%)); and (ii) in relation to Qualifying Assets 
that are real estate assets, the entire income, including rental income, derived from such assets in all tax periods 
where the SOCIMI’s special tax regime would have been applicable would be taxed in accordance with the general 
Corporate Income Tax regime and subject to the standard Corporate Income Tax rate. In both cases however the 
use of Colonial’s pre-existing tax credits/assets would be possible, under the applicable limitations.  
Given the number of Qualifying Assets currently held by the Issuer (65 assets of which, as at the date of this Base 
Prospectus, eight have been held for less than three years), or any additional Qualifying Assets acquired in the 
future by the Issuer, any of the above could have a material adverse effect on the Group’s business, financial 
condition, prospects or results of operations. 
The application of the SOCIMI Regime requires the mandatory distribution of certain profits by Colonial which 
may limit the Group’s ability and flexibility to pursue growth through acquisitions 
As a result of Colonial’s inclusion in the SOCIMI Regime, Colonial is required to make payments or distributions 
to its shareholders in the terms specified by the SOCIMI Regime (generally 80% of its profits, and 100% of 
dividends received from its subsidiaries – for further details see “Spanish SOCIMI Regime and Taxation- 
Mandatory distribution”).  
As a consequence of the above, Colonial’s ability to make new investments could be limited, as it would only be 
able to apply a limited amount of its profits to the acquisition of new real estate assets (being required to distribute 
the majority of its profits to its shareholders), which could hinder its ability to grow unless Colonial were able to 
obtain new financing, and could have a negative impact on the liquidity and the working capital of Colonial.  
Furthermore, despite obtaining a profit, Colonial may be unable to carry out the payments and distributions in 
accordance with the legal requirements of the SOCIMI Regime due to not having immediately available cash (i.e., 
differences in timing between the receipt of cash and the recognition of the income and the effect of any potential 
debt amortisation payment). Should this happen, Colonial might have to borrow, increasing its financing costs and 
reducing its debt capacity. This could have a materially adverse effect on the business, the results, the finances or 
the assets of the Group. 
Certain of our French subsidiaries could lose their status as SIICs and the resulting favourable tax treatment 
We currently hold a 81.71% stake in SFL, a listed French real estate investment company (sociétés 
d’investissements immobiliers cotées or SIIC). SFL and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to the SIIC tax 
regime, which provides for a favourable tax treatment conditional (generally, exempt from tax on real estate leases 
under finance lease agreements, on capital gains arising from a disposal of real estate assets and on dividends 
received from SIIC subsidiaries) upon the distribution of (i) all dividends received from its subsidiaries benefiting 
from the SIIC tax regime, (ii) at least 95% of its rental income and (iii) at least 70% of its capital gains within two 
years of the disposal of any real estate asset, thereby benefiting us as a shareholder. 
As at 31 December 2020, 53.4% of our total revenue and 62% of the total value of our Property Portfolio came 
from SFL and its subsidiaries. If SFL or such subsidiaries were to lose their SIIC status due to changes in law or 
other factors, such as not meeting the distribution requirements described above, or if the double tax treaty 
currently in place between France and Spain were to change, their tax obligations could increase, which could have 
a material adverse effect on our financial condition, business, prospects and results of operations. 
Colonial may become subject to an additional 19% tax charge on the gross dividend distributed to a Substantial 
Shareholder, that do not comply with the minimum tax requirement  
Colonial may become subject to a 19% Corporate Income Tax on the gross dividend distributed to any shareholder 
that holds a stake equal to or higher than 5% of the share capital of Colonial when such shareholder either (i) is 
exempt from any tax on the dividends or subject to tax on the dividends received at a rate lower than 10% (for

--- Page 27 ---
- 27 -
these purposes, final tax due under the Non Resident Income Tax Law is also taken into consideration) or (ii) does 
not timely provide Colonial with the information evidencing its equal or higher than 10% taxation on dividends 
distributed by Colonial in the terms set forth in the by laws (a “Substantial Shareholder”). 
Notwithstanding the above, the by laws of Colonial include indemnity obligations of the Substantial Shareholders 
in favour of Colonial. In particular, the by-Laws require that in the event a dividend payment is made to a 
Substantial Shareholder, Colonial will be entitled to deduct an amount equivalent to the tax expenses incurred by 
Colonial on such dividend payment from the amount to be paid to such Substantial Shareholder (the Board of 
Directors will maintain certain discretion in deciding whether to exercise this right if making such deduction would 
put Colonial in a worse position). However, these measures may not be effective. If these measures are ineffective, 
the payment of dividends to a Substantial Shareholder may generate an expense for Colonial (since it may have to 
pay a 19% Corporate Income Tax on such dividend) and, thus, may result in a loss of profits for Colonial. 
Colonial may have to indemnify SFL for any 20% French special levy due on dividend distributions received 
from SFL which may result in a loss of profits for the Group 
SFL is a French resident company which is subject to the special SIIC regime and, as such, it is required to pay a 
special levy when a dividend distributed out of profit that is exempt from corporate income tax in accordance to the 
French Tax Code is paid, or deemed to be paid, to a corporate shareholder that (i) directly or indirectly holds at 
least 10% of the SIIC’s dividend rights, and (ii) broadly, is not subject to taxation on distributions made from SFL 
at a rate of at least 1/3 of the French corporate income tax rate (“Special Levy Shareholder”). For companies, 
such as Colonial, that are under a legal obligation to distribute 100% of the profits derived from dividends 
received, the above taxation test must be measured at an upper shareholder tier (i.e., distributions to Colonial would 
be subject to the above special levy if Colonial corporate shareholders holding at least 10% in Colonial, even if 
only one, are not subject to tax on dividend distributions at a rate of at least 1/3 of the French corporate income tax 
rate). In this regard, it should be noted that during tax period 2020, SFL has distributed dividends to Colonial in an 
amount of €101 million. 
Furthermore, the by-laws of SFL (i) provide for an obligation for all shareholders holding at least 10% of its shares 
to inform of their respective level of taxation on dividends received from SFL and (ii) contain indemnity 
obligations for any Special Levy Shareholder whereby it is such shareholder the one that ultimately bears the 
additional taxes due on the dividend distribution. 
The by laws of Colonial contain back-to-back information and indemnity provisions that require that, in the event 
of dividends distributed out of dividends received from SFL to shareholders holding at least 10% of the shares in 
Colonial, Colonial will be entitled to deduct an amount equivalent to the tax expenses for which Colonial must 
reimburse SFL as consequence of the abovementioned French withholding tax. However, these measures may not 
be effective. If these measures are ineffective, the dividends distributed out of SFL dividends may generate an 
expense for Colonial (since it may have to indemnify SFL for the 20% French special levy on such dividend) and, 
thus, may result in a loss of profits for Colonial. 
Deferred tax assets at risk 
As a result of losses incurred in previous years, as at 31 December 2020, the unused prior year’s tax loss 
carryforward amounted to €5,384 million, without having recorded any tax credit at that date.  
As described above, currently (under the SOCIMI Regime), the offset of tax losses is only available for Colonial 
for income that must be taxed in accordance with the general Corporate Income Tax regime and at the general 
Corporate Income Tax rate. 
In accordance with Law 27/2014, of November 27 (Ley 27/2014, de 27 de noviembre, del Impuesto de Sociedades), 
as of 1 January 2015, there is no longer a maximum limit of years to carry forward tax losses and use them to offset 
taxable profits. However, the maximum offset has been limited to 70% from 2017. The Royal Decree-Law 3/2016, 
of 2 December, limited the compensation of the carried forward tax losses to 25% of the taxable base for those 
entities whose turnover is at least €60 million.  
Therefore, if there is a change in law that would eliminate or further limit the right to offset deferred tax assets, this 
could have a material adverse effect on the value of our deferred tax asset as well as our financial condition,

--- Page 28 ---
- 28 -
business, prospects and results of operations. Nevertheless, this item may not have a relevant practical impact 
considering that SOCIMIs are taxed at a 0% Corporate Income Tax rate on certain income. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE STRUCTURE OF A PARTICULAR ISSUE OF NOTES  
A wide range of Notes may be issued under the Programme. A number of these Notes may have features which 
contain particular risks for potential investors. Set out below is a description of certain such risks. 
Notes subject to optional redemption by the Issuer 
Notes issued with an optional redemption feature is likely to limit the market value of the Notes. During any period 
when the Issuer may elect to redeem Notes, the market value of those Notes generally will not rise substantially 
above the price at which they can be redeemed. This also may be true prior to any redemption period. 
The Issuer may be expected to redeem Notes when its cost of borrowing is lower than the interest rate on the 
Notes. At those times, an investor generally would not be able to reinvest the redemption proceeds at an effective 
interest rate as high as the interest rate on the Notes being redeemed and may only be able to do so at a 
significantly lower rate. Potential investors should consider reinvestment risk in light of other investments 
available at that time. 
Fixed/Floating Rate Notes 
Notes issued with a Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may bear interest at a rate that the Issuer may elect to convert from a 
fixed rate to a floating rate, or from a floating rate to a fixed rate. The Issuer’s ability to convert the interest rate 
will affect the secondary market and the market value of such Notes since the Issuer may be expected to convert 
the rate when it is likely to produce a lower overall cost of borrowing. If the Issuer converts from a fixed rate to a 
floating rate, the spread on the Fixed/Floating Rate Notes may be less favourable than then prevailing spreads on 
comparable Floating Rate Notes tied to the same reference rate. In addition, the new floating rate at any time may 
be lower than the rates on other Notes. If the Issuer converts from a floating rate to a fixed rate, the fixed rate may 
be lower than then prevailing rates on its Notes. 
Reform of LIBOR and EURIBOR and other interest rate index and equity, commodity and foreign exchange 
rate index “benchmarks” 
With regard to Floating Rate Notes linked to a benchmark, the London Interbank Offered Rate (“LIBOR”), the 
Euro Interbank Offered Rate (“EURIBOR”) and other indices which are deemed “benchmarks” are the subject of 
recent national, international and other regulatory guidance and proposals for reform. Some of these reforms are 
already effective while others are still to be implemented. These reforms may cause such “benchmarks” to perform 
differently than in the past, or to disappear entirely, or have other consequences which cannot be predicted. Any 
such consequence could have a material adverse effect on any Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
Key international reforms of “benchmarks” include the EU’s Regulation (EU) 2016/1011 of the European 
Parliament and of the Council of 8 June 2016 on indices used as benchmarks in financial instruments and financial 
contracts or to measure the performance of investment funds and amending Directives 2008/48/EC and 
2014/17/EU and Regulation (EU) No 596/2014 (the “EU Benchmarks Regulation”) and Regulation (EU) No. 
2016/1011 as it forms part of domestic law of the United Kingdom by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) 
Act 2018 (the “UK Benchmarks Regulation”). 
The EU Benchmarks Regulation and the UK Benchmarks Regulation could also have a material impact on any 
listed Notes linked to a “benchmark” index, including in the following circumstances: (i) an index which is a 
“benchmark” could not be used as such if its administrator does not obtain appropriate EU and/or UK 
authorisations (as applicable) or is based in a non-EU and/or non-UK jurisdiction (as applicable) which (subject to 
any applicable transitional provisions) does not have equivalent regulation. In such event, depending on the 
particular “benchmark” and the applicable terms of the Notes, the Notes could be delisted (if listed), adjusted, 
redeemed or otherwise impacted; and (ii) the methodology or other terms of the “benchmark” related to a series of 
Notes could be changed in order to comply with the terms of the EU Benchmarks Regulation or UK Benchmarks 
Regulation, and such changes could have the effect of reducing or increasing the rate or level of the “benchmark” 
or of affecting the volatility of the published rate or level, and could lead to adjustments to the terms of the Notes, 
including Calculation Agent determination of the rate or level in its discretion.

--- Page 29 ---
- 29 -
The Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the “FCA”), which regulates LIBOR, 
released a statement on 5 March 2021 announcing the future cessation or loss of representativeness of the thirty-
five LIBOR benchmark settings currently published by ICE Benchmark Administration, an authorised 
administrator, regulated and supervised by the FCA. Pursuant to the latest FCA statement, publication of (i) all euro 
LIBOR and Swiss franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese yen LIBOR 
settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month US 
dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 31 December 2021 and (ii) the overnight and 12-month US 
dollar LIBOR settings will cease immediately after 30 June 2023. In relation to the remaining LIBOR settings (that 
is, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month sterling, US dollar and Japanese yen LIBOR settings), the FCA will consult 
or continue to consider the case for using its proposed powers to require IBA to continue publishing these settings 
on a ‘synthetic’ basis, though the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese yen LIBOR settings would cease 
permanently at the end of 2022. Nevertheless, the FCA confirmed that, even if it does require IBA to continue 
publishing any of these nine remaining LIBOR settings on a ‘synthetic’ basis, such settings will no longer be 
representative of the underlying market and the economic reality that such settings are intended to measure, and 
representativeness will not be restored. Therefore, after 31 December 2021 (or 30 June 2023 in relation to the 
overnight, 1-month, 3-month, 6-month and 12-month US dollar LIBOR settings) all LIBOR settings will either 
cease to be provided by any administrator or no longer be representative.  
On 21 September 2017, the European Central Bank announced that it would be part of a new working group tasked 
with the identification and adoption of a “risk free overnight rate” which can serve as a basis for an alternative to 
current benchmarks used in a variety of financial instruments and contracts in the euro area. 
Following the implementation of any such potential reforms, the manner of administration of benchmarks may 
change, with the result that they may perform differently than in the past, or the benchmark could be eliminated 
entirely, or there could be other consequences that cannot be predicted. The disappearance of a “benchmark” or 
changes in the manner of administration of a “benchmark” could require or result in adjustment to the interest 
calculation provisions of the Conditions or result in adverse consequences to holders of any securities linked to 
such benchmark (including but not limited to Floating Rate Notes whose interest rates are linked to LIBOR or any 
other such benchmark that is subject to reform). Furthermore, even prior to the implementation of any changes, 
uncertainty as to the nature of alternative reference rates and as to potential changes to such benchmark may 
adversely affect such benchmark during the term of the relevant Notes, the return on the relevant Notes and the 
trading market for securities based on the same benchmark. In addition, the provisions of the Conditions provide 
that in certain circumstances the ultimate fallback for the purposes of calculation of interest for a particular Interest 
Period may result in the rate of interest for the last preceding Interest Period being used. This may result in the 
effective application of a fixed rate for Floating Rate Notes based on the rate which was last observed on the 
Relevant Screen Page. 
Any such consequences could have a material adverse effect on the value of and return on any such Notes. 
Moreover, any of the above matters or any other significant change to the setting or existence of any relevant 
reference rate could affect the ability of the Issuer to meet its obligations under the Floating Rate Notes or could 
have a material adverse effect on the value or liquidity of, and the amount payable under, the Floating Rate Notes. 
Investors should consider these matters when making their investment decision with respect to the relevant 
Floating Rate Notes. Investors should consult their own independent advisers and make their own assessment about 
the potential risks imposed by the EU Benchmarks Regulation reforms, investigations and licensing issues in 
making any investment decision with respect to the Notes linked to a “benchmark”. 
The market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference rate for Floating Rate Notes
With regard to Floating Rate Notes linked to SONIA (as defined below), on 29 November 2017, the Bank of 
England and the FCA announced that the Bank of England’s Working Group on Sterling Risk-Free Rates had been 
mandated with implementing a broad-based transition to the Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) over 
the following four years across sterling bond, loan and derivatives markets, so that SONIA is established as the 
primary sterling interest rate benchmark by the end of 2021. 
The use of Compounded Daily SONIA as a reference rate for Eurobonds continues to develop, both in terms of the 
substance of the calculation and in the development and adoption of market infrastructure for the issuance and 
trading of bonds referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.

--- Page 30 ---
- 30 -
Accordingly, Noteholders should be aware that the market continues to develop in relation to SONIA as a reference 
rate in the capital markets and its adoption as an alternative to LIBOR.  
The market or a significant part thereof may adopt an application of SONIA that differs significantly from that set 
out in the Terms and Conditions as applicable to the Notes. Furthermore, the Issuer may in future issue Notes 
referencing SONIA that differ materially in terms of interest determination when compared with the Notes. 
Furthermore, the Interest Rate is only capable of being determined at the end of the relevant Reference Period and 
immediately prior to the relevant Interest Payment Date. It may be difficult for Noteholders to estimate reliably the 
amount of interest which will be payable on the Notes, and some investors may be unable or unwilling to trade 
such Notes without changes to their IT systems, both of which factors could adversely impact the liquidity of the 
Notes. Further, in contrast to LIBOR-based Notes, if the Notes become due and payable as a result of an Event of 
Default under Condition 14 (Events of Default), or are otherwise redeemed early on a date which is not an Interest 
Payment Date, the final Interest Rate payable in respect of the Notes shall be determined by reference to a 
shortened period ending immediately prior to the date on which the Notes become due and payable. 
In addition, the manner of adoption or application of SONIA reference rates in the Eurobond markets may differ 
materially compared with the application and adoption of SONIA in other markets, such as the derivatives and loan 
markets. Noteholders should carefully consider how any mismatch between the adoption of SONIA reference rates 
across these markets may impact any hedging or other financial arrangements which they may put in place in 
connection with any acquisition, holding or disposal of Notes referencing Compounded Daily SONIA.  
Bearer Notes where denominations involve integral multiples 
In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which have denominations consisting of a minimum Specified 
Denomination (as set out in the “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes”) plus one or more higher integral 
multiples of another smaller amount, it is possible that such Bearer Notes may be traded in amounts that are not 
integral multiples of such minimum Specified Denominations. In such a case, a Noteholder who, as a result of 
trading such amounts, holds a nominal amount of less than the minimum Specified Denomination in its account 
with the relevant clearing system at the relevant time will not receive a definitive Note in respect of such holding 
(should definitive Notes be printed) and would need to purchase a nominal amount of Notes such that it holds an 
amount equal to one or more Specified Denominations. 
If definitive Notes are issued, holders should be aware that definitive Notes which have a denomination that is not 
an integral multiple of the minimum Specified Denomination may be illiquid and difficult to trade. 
Conflicts of interest between the Calculation Agent and Noteholders 
With regard to Notes issued where the Issuer has appointed a Calculation Agent, potential conflicts of interest may 
exist between the Calculation Agent (if any) and Noteholders (including where a Dealer acts as a calculation 
agent), including with respect to certain determinations and judgements that such Calculation Agent may make 
pursuant to the Conditions that may influence amounts receivable by the Noteholders during the term of the Notes 
and upon their redemption. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE NOTES GENERALLY  
Set out below is a brief description of certain risks relating to the Notes generally: 
There is no active trading market for the Notes 
Notes issued under the Programme will be new securities which may not be widely distributed and for which there 
is currently no active trading market (unless, in the case of any particular Tranche, such Tranche is to be 
consolidated with and form a single series with an outstanding Tranche). If the Notes are traded after their initial 
issuance, they may trade at a discount to their initial offering price, depending upon prevailing interest rates, the 
market for similar securities, general economic conditions and the financial condition of the Issuer. Although 
applications have been made for the Bearer Notes to be issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the 
Official List and trading on the regulated market of Euronext Dublin, application may be made for the Book-entry 
Notes issued under the Programme to be admitted to listing on the AIAF, and Bearer Notes may also be listed on  
another EU MiFID Regulated Market, there is no assurance that such applications will be accepted, that any

--- Page 31 ---
- 31 -
particular Tranche of Notes will be so admitted or that an active trading market will develop. Accordingly, there 
can be no assurance as to the development or liquidity of any trading market for any particular Tranche. 
The Issuer is a Spanish company and, as such, is subject to Spanish insolvency law 
The Notes will be issued by Colonial, a Spanish company. In the case of the insolvency of the Issuer, Spanish 
insolvency laws apply and investors may lose all or part of their investment in the Notes. In addition, such laws 
may differ from insolvency laws in other countries with which investors may be more familiar. See “Spanish 
Insolvency Law” for more information. 
The market price of the Notes may be volatile 
The market price of the Notes could be subject to significant fluctuations in response to actual or anticipated 
variations in the Group’s operating results, adverse business developments, changes to the regulatory environment 
in which the Group operates, changes in financial estimates by securities analysts and the actual or expected sale of 
a large number of Notes or other debt securities, as well as other factors. In addition, in recent years the global 
financial markets have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations which, if repeated in the future, could 
adversely affect the market price of the Notes without regard to the Group’s operating results, financial condition 
or prospects. 
RISKS RELATING TO THE MARKET GENERALLY  
Set out below is a brief description of certain market risks, including liquidity risk, exchange rate risk, interest rate 
risk and credit risk: 
The secondary market generally 
Notes may have no established trading market when issued and one may never develop. Even if a market does 
develop, it may not be liquid. Therefore, investors may not be able to sell their Notes easily or at prices that will 
provide them with a yield comparable to similar investments that have a developed secondary market. This is 
particularly the case for Notes that are especially sensitive to interest rate, currency or market risks, are designed 
for specific investment objectives or strategies or have been structured to meet the investment requirements of 
limited categories of investors. These types of Notes generally would have a more limited secondary market and 
more price volatility than conventional debt securities. Illiquidity may have a severely adverse effect on the market 
value of Notes. 
Exchange rate risks and exchange controls for investors 
The Issuer will pay principal and interest on the Notes in the Specified Currency (as defined in the Conditions). 
This presents certain risks relating to currency conversions if an investor’s financial activities are denominated 
principally in a currency or currency unit (the “Investor’s Currency”) other than the Specified Currency. These 
include the risk that exchange rates may significantly change (including changes due to devaluation of the 
Specified Currency or revaluation of the Investor’s Currency) and the risk that authorities with jurisdiction over the 
Investor’s Currency may impose or modify exchange controls. An appreciation in the value of the Investor’s 
Currency relative to the Specified Currency would decrease (1) the Investor’s Currency equivalent yield on the 
Notes, (2) the Investor’s Currency equivalent value of the principal payable on the Notes and (3) the Investor’s 
Currency equivalent market value of the Notes. 
Government and monetary authorities may impose (as some have done in the past) exchange controls that could 
adversely affect an applicable exchange rate. As a result, investors may receive less interest or principal than 
expected, or no interest or principal.

--- Page 32 ---
- 32 -
DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 
The documents set out below shall be deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and to form part of, this Base 
Prospectus. As long as any of the Notes are outstanding, this Base Prospectus, any Supplement to the Base 
Prospectus (as defined below) and each document incorporated by reference into this Base Prospectus will be 
published on the Issuer’s website (www.inmocolonial.com).  
The page references indicated for each document are to the page numbering of the electronic copies of such 
documents as available on the Issuer’s website and live.euronext.com, as applicable.  
Cross-reference list 
The below tables show where the information incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus can be found in the 
above-mentioned documents. Information contained in those documents other than the information listed below 
does not form part of this Base Prospectus and is either not relevant or covered elsewhere in this Base Prospectus. 
Information incorporated by reference
Page 
references
(A) 
The sections listed below of the annual report 2020 of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A., 
including the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2020 
together with the audit and management report thereon: 
(a)........... Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
2-6 
(b).......... Consolidated financial statements of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. for the financial 
year 2020
7-76 
(c)           Consolidated management report for the year ended 31 December 2020
77-97 
Available at: Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. - 2020 Consolidated Annual Report
(B) 
The sections listed below of the annual report 2019 of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A., 
including the audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended 31 December 2019 
together with the audit and management report thereon:
(a)........... Auditors’ report on the consolidated financial statements 
2-6 
(b).......... Consolidated financial statements of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. for the financial 
year 2019
7-73 
(c)           Consolidated management report for the year ended 31 December 2019
74-89 
Available at: Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. - 2019 Consolidated Annual Report
(C) 
The sections listed below of the unaudited condensed consolidated interim financial statements of 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. for the three-month period ended 31 March 2021: 
(a)          Analysis of the Profit and Loss Account
22-23 
(b)          Office Markets
24 
(c)          Business performance
25-31

--- Page 33 ---
- 33 -
Information incorporated by reference
Page 
references
(d)          ESG strategy
32-33 
(e)          Digital strategy & Coworking
34 
(f)          Financial Structure
35-38 
(g)          EPRA ratios
39-40 
(h)          Glossary and alternative performance measures
41-45 
Available at: https://www.inmocolonial.com/sites/default/files/1q_results_2021.pdf
(D) 
The base prospectus dated 5 October 2016 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
37-70 
Available at:                                           
https://www.inmocolonial.com/sites/default/files/inmobiliaria_colonial_suplemento_programa_emtn_10.2016.pdf  
(E) 
The base prospectus dated 11 October 2017 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
45-78 
Available at: 
https://ise-prodnr-eu-west-1-data-integration.s3-eu-west-
1.amazonaws.com/legacy/Final+Base+Prosepctus+11.10_3e7fd25d-a8e8-42aa-bea9-7630dd65f734.PDF. 
(F) 
The base prospectus dated 19 December 2019 prepared by the Issuer in connection with the 
Programme
Terms and Conditions of the Notes 
38-80 
Available at: 
https://www.inmocolonial.com/sites/default/files/a1_-_base_prospectus_dated_19_december_2019_-
_final_version_7.pdf

--- Page 34 ---
- 34 -
FINAL TERMS AND DRAWDOWN PROSPECTUSES 
In this section the expression “necessary information” means, in relation to any Tranche of Notes, the necessary 
information which is material to an investor for making an informed assessment of the assets and liabilities, 
financial position, profits and losses and prospects of the Issuer and of the rights attaching to the Notes and the 
reasons for the issuance and its impact on the issuer.  In relation to the different types of Notes which may be 
issued under the Programme the Issuer has included in this Base Prospectus all of the necessary information except 
for information relating to the Notes which is not known at the date of this Base Prospectus and which can only be 
determined at the time of an individual issue of a Tranche of Notes. 
Any information relating to the Notes which is not included in this Base Prospectus and which is required in order 
to complete the necessary information in relation to a Tranche of Notes will be contained either in the relevant 
Final Terms or in a Drawdown Prospectus.   
For a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms, those Final Terms will, for the purposes of that 
Tranche only, complete this Base Prospectus and must be read in conjunction with this Base Prospectus.  The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of Final Terms are the Conditions 
described in the relevant Final Terms as supplemented to the extent described in the relevant Final Terms. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown 
Prospectus will be the Conditions as supplemented, amended and/or replaced to the extent described in the relevant 
Drawdown Prospectus.  In the case of a Tranche of Notes which is the subject of a Drawdown Prospectus, each 
reference in this Base Prospectus to information being specified or identified in the relevant Final Terms shall be 
read and construed as a reference to such information being specified or identified in the relevant Drawdown 
Prospectus unless the context requires otherwise.   
Each Drawdown Prospectus will be constituted either (1) by a single document containing the necessary 
information relating to the Issuer and the relevant Notes or (2) by a registration document (the “Registration 
Document”) containing the necessary information relating to the Issuer, a securities note (the “Securities Note”) 
containing the necessary information relating to the relevant Notes and, if necessary, a summary note.

--- Page 35 ---
- 35 -
FORMS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
Each Tranche of Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of either a temporary global note (the “Temporary 
Global Note”), without interest coupons, or a permanent global note (the “Permanent Global Note”), without 
interest coupons, in each case as specified in the relevant Final Terms. Each Temporary Global Note or, as the case 
may be, Permanent Global Note (each a “Global Note”) which is not intended to be issued in new global note 
(“NGN”) form, as specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the 
relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes with a depositary or a common depositary for Euroclear Bank SA/NV as 
operator of the Euroclear System (“Euroclear”) and/or Clearstream Banking, S.A. (“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) 
and/or any other relevant clearing system and each Global Note which is intended to be issued in NGN form, as 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, will be deposited on or around the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the 
Bearer Notes with a common safekeeper for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
On 13 June 2006 the European Central Bank (the “ECB”) announced that Notes in NGN form are in compliance 
with the “Standards for the use of EU securities settlement systems in ESCB credit operations” of the central 
banking system for the euro (the “Eurosystem”), provided that certain other criteria are fulfilled. At the same 
time the ECB also announced that arrangements for Notes in NGN form will be offered by Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as of 30 June 2006 and that debt securities in global bearer form issued through 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg after 31 December 2006 will only be eligible as collateral for Eurosystem 
operations if the NGN form is used. 
The relevant Final Terms will also specify whether United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(C) (the 
“TEFRA C Rules”) or United States Treasury Regulation §1.163-5(c)(2)(i)(D) (the “TEFRA D Rules”) are 
applicable in relation to the Bearer Notes or, if the Bearer Notes do not have a maturity of more than 365 days, that 
neither the TEFRA C Rules nor the TEFRA D Rules are applicable.  
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Permanent Global Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a 
Permanent Global Note”, then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will 
be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for interests in a Permanent Global Note, without interest coupons, not earlier 
than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to non-U.S. 
beneficial ownership. No payments will be made under the Temporary Global Note unless exchange for interests in 
the Permanent Global Note is improperly withheld or refused. In addition, interest payments in respect of the 
Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
Whenever any interest in the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for an interest in a Permanent Global Note, 
the Issuer shall procure (in the case of first exchange) the delivery of a Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the 
Temporary Global Note or (in the case of any subsequent exchange) an increase in the principal amount of the 
Permanent Global Note in accordance with its terms against: 
(i)
presentation and (in the case of final exchange) presentation and surrender of the Temporary Global Note 
to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent; and 
(ii)
receipt by the Fiscal Agent of a certificate or certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
The principal amount of Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note shall be equal to the aggregate of 
the principal amounts specified in the certificates of non-U.S. beneficial ownership provided, however, that in no 
circumstances shall the principal amount of Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note exceed the 
initial principal amount of Bearer Notes represented by the Temporary Global Note. 
If: 
(a)
the Permanent Global Note has not been delivered or the principal amount thereof increased by 5.00 p.m. 
(London time) on the seventh day after the bearer of the Temporary Global Note has requested exchange 
of an interest in the Temporary Global Note for an interest in a Permanent Global Note; or

--- Page 36 ---
- 36 -
(b)
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note in accordance with the 
terms of the Temporary Global Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver a Permanent Global Note) will become void at 
5.00 p.m. (London time) on such seventh day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due 
date (in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder 
(but without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the 
deed of covenant entered into by the Issuer in relation to the Bearer Notes on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus (the “Deed of Covenant”)).  
The Permanent Global Note will become exchangeable, in whole but not in part only and at the request of the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note, for Bearer Notes in definitive form (“Definitive Notes”): 
(a)
on the expiry of such period of notice as may be specified in the Final Terms; or 
(b)
at any time, if so specified in the Final Terms; or 
(c)
if the Final Terms specifies “in the limited circumstances described in the Permanent Global Note”, then if 
either of the following events occurs: 
(i)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for 
business for a continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces 
an intention permanently to cease business; or 
(ii)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b)
the Permanent Global Note was originally issued in exchange for part only of a Temporary Global Note 
representing the Bearer Notes and such Temporary Global Note becomes void in accordance with its terms; 
or 
(c)
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the date on 
which such Temporary Global Note becomes void (in the case of (b) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such 
due date ((c) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).

--- Page 37 ---
- 37 -
Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA C Rules are applicable or that neither the TEFRA C Rules or 
the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Temporary Global Note 
which will be exchangeable, in whole but not in part, for Definitive Notes not earlier than 40 days after the issue 
date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes. 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being “Temporary Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes” and also specifies that the TEFRA D Rules are applicable, then the Bearer Notes will initially be 
in the form of a Temporary Global Note which will be exchangeable, in whole or in part, for Definitive Notes not 
earlier than 40 days after the issue date of the relevant Tranche of the Bearer Notes upon certification as to non-
U.S. beneficial ownership. Interest payments in respect of the Bearer Notes cannot be collected without such 
certification of non-U.S. beneficial ownership. 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which are expressed to be represented by a Temporary Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with this option, such notes may only be issued in denominations 
equal to, or greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
Whenever the Temporary Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the relevant Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal 
amount of the Temporary Global Note to the bearer of the Temporary Global Note against the surrender of the 
Temporary Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer requesting such 
exchange.  
If: 
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Temporary Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b)
the Temporary Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes or the date for final redemption of the Temporary Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Temporary Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Temporary Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
(in the case of (b) above) and the bearer of the Temporary Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but 
without prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Temporary Global Note or others may have under the Deed 
of Covenant).  
Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes 
If the relevant Final Terms specifies the form of Bearer Notes as being “Permanent Global Note exchangeable for 
Definitive Notes”, then the Bearer Notes will initially be in the form of a Permanent Global Note which will be 
exchangeable in whole, but not in part, for Definitive Notes if either of the following events occurs: 
(a)
Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or any other relevant clearing system is closed for business for a 
continuous period of 14 days (other than by reason of legal holidays) or announces an intention 
permanently to cease business; or  
(b)
any of the circumstances described in Condition 14 (Events of Default) occurs. 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Bearer Notes which are expressed to be represented by a Permanent Global Note 
exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance with this option, such notes may only be issued in denominations

--- Page 38 ---
- 38 -
equal to, or greater than €100,000 (or equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
Whenever the Permanent Global Note is to be exchanged for Definitive Notes, the Issuer shall procure the prompt 
delivery (free of charge to the bearer) of such Definitive Notes, duly authenticated and with Coupons and Talons 
attached (if so specified in the Final Terms), in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of 
Bearer Notes represented by the Permanent Global Note to the bearer of the Permanent Global Note against the 
surrender of the Permanent Global Note to or to the order of the Fiscal Agent within 30 days of the bearer 
requesting such exchange. 
If: 
(a)
Definitive Notes have not been duly delivered by 5.00 p.m. (London time) on the thirtieth day after the 
bearer has requested exchange of the Permanent Global Note for Definitive Notes; or 
(b)
the Permanent Global Note (or any part thereof) has become due and payable in accordance with the 
Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes or the date for final redemption of the Permanent Global Note 
has occurred and, in either case, payment in full of the amount of principal falling due with all accrued 
interest thereon has not been made to the bearer in accordance with the terms of the Permanent Global 
Note on the due date for payment, 
then the Permanent Global Note (including the obligation to deliver Definitive Notes) will become void at 5.00 
p.m. (London time) on such thirtieth day (in the case of (a) above) or at 5.00 p.m. (London time) on such due date 
((b) above) and the bearer of the Permanent Global Note will have no further rights thereunder (but without 
prejudice to the rights which the bearer of the Permanent Global Note or others may have under the Deed of 
Covenant). 
Rights under Deed of Covenant 
Under the Deed of Covenant, persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or 
any other relevant clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Temporary Global Note or a Permanent 
Global Note which becomes void will acquire directly against the Issuer all those rights to which they would have 
been entitled if, immediately before the Temporary Global Note or Permanent Global Note became void, they had 
been the holders of Definitive Notes in an aggregate principal amount equal to the principal amount of Bearer 
Notes they were shown as holding in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other 
relevant clearing system. 
Terms and Conditions applicable to the Bearer Notes 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Definitive Note will be endorsed on that Bearer Note and will consist of 
the terms and conditions set out under “Terms and Conditions of the Bearer Notes” below and the provisions of the 
relevant Final Terms which amend and/or replace those terms and conditions. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Bearer Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Bearer Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of 
Provisions Relating to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form” below. 
Legend concerning United States persons 
In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than 365 days, the Bearer Notes in global 
form, the Bearer Notes in definitive form and any Coupons and Talons appertaining thereto will bear a legend to 
the following effect: 
“Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the United States income 
tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the Internal Revenue Code.”

--- Page 39 ---
- 39 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BEARER NOTES
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, save for the text in italics and subject to completion in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, will be endorsed on each Note in definitive form issued under the 
Programme. In the case of any Tranche of Bearer Notes which are being (a) offered to the public in a Member 
State (other than pursuant to one or more of the exemptions set out in Article 1.4 of the Prospectus Regulation) or 
(b) admitted to trading on a regulated market in a Member State, the relevant Final Terms shall not amend or 
replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by applicable law and/or 
regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Bearer Notes may complete any information in this Base 
Prospectus. 
The terms and conditions applicable to any Bearer Note in global form will differ from those terms and conditions 
which would apply to the Note were it in definitive form to the extent described under “Summary of Provisions 
Relating to the Bearer Notes while in Global Form” below. 
1.
Introduction 
(a)
Programme: Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes in bearer form (the “Bearer Notes”) and in book-entry form. These terms and conditions 
relate to notes issued under the Programme in bearer form. 
(b)
Final Terms: Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and each Series may 
comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Notes. Each Tranche is the subject of a final terms 
(the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Bearer Conditions”). The terms 
and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Notes are these Bearer Conditions as completed by 
the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any inconsistency between these Bearer Conditions and the 
relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms shall prevail. 
(c)
Agency Agreement: The Notes are the subject of an amended and restated fiscal agency agreement dated 
18 May 2021 (as amended or supplemented, the “Agency Agreement”) between the Issuer, Deutsche 
Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent (the “Fiscal Agent”, which expression includes any successor 
fiscal agent appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes) and the paying agents named 
therein (together with the Fiscal Agent, the “Paying Agents”, which expression includes any successor or 
additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Notes). 
(d)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Bearer Conditions to “Bearer Notes” are to the Bearer Notes 
which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are available for 
viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and on the Issuer’s website at www.inmocolonial.com.  
(e)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Bearer Conditions are summaries of the Agency Agreement and 
are subject to their detailed provisions. The holders of the Notes (the “Noteholders”) and the holders of 
the related interest coupons, if any, (the “Couponholders” and the “Coupons”, respectively) are bound by, 
and are deemed to have notice of, all the provisions of the Agency Agreement applicable to them. Copies 
of the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by Noteholders during normal business hours at the 
Specified Offices of each of the Paying Agents, the initial Specified Offices of which are set out below and 
on the Issuer’s website at www.inmocolonial.com.  
(f)
Public Deed of Issuance: If so required by Spanish law, the Issuer will execute a public deed (escritura 
pública) (the “Public Deed of Issuance”) before a Spanish Notary Public in relation to the Notes. The 
Public Deed of Issuance will contain, among other information, the terms and conditions of the Notes.
2.
Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions: In these Bearer Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 40 ---
- 40 -
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Authorised Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, or 
anyone delegated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d)
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and 
(e)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Fiscal Agent or such other Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
the party responsible for calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other 
amount(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 41 ---
- 41 -
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on and including the Relevant Date in 
relation to a Change of Control of the Issuer and ending 90 days after the Change of Control of the Issuer 
(or such longer period for which the Bearer Notes are under consideration (such consideration having been 
announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control of the Issuer) for rating 
review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after the 
public announcement of such consideration); 
“Control” has the meaning assigned to that term in Article 42(1) of the Spanish Commercial Code; 
“Coupon Sheet” means, in respect of a Bearer Note, a coupon sheet relating to the Bearer Note;
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Bearer Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(d)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e)
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls;

--- Page 42 ---
- 42 -
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30;  
(f)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls;

--- Page 43 ---
- 43 -
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is calculated from 
and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day of the Calculation Period;
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in these Bearer Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over the administration of that rate) (details of historic 
EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Bearer Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Bearer Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Bearer Notes; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or such other 
amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer;
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a)
moneys borrowed in whatever form; 
(b)
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent; 
(c)
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS EU”), be treated as a

--- Page 44 ---
- 44 -
finance or capital lease; 
(e)
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non- 
recourse basis); 
(f)
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing, but excluding the deferred purchase price of assets 
or services acquired in the ordinary course of business or otherwise arising from normal trade 
credit; 
(g)
amounts representing the balance deferred and unpaid for a period of more than 365 days of the 
purchase price of any property except any amount that constitutes an accrued expense or trade 
payable; 
(h)
shares which are expressed to be redeemable; 
(i)
without double counting, any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, 
bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(j)
without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for 
any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above;  
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ltd. or any of its respective successors or affiliates;  
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international and 
reputable standing appointed by the Issuer in good faith and at its own expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Bearer Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Bearer Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Bearer Notes or such other date as may be 
specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case); 
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“Investment Grade Rating” means the following Ratings: (a) with respect to Standard & Poor’s, any of 
the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (b)

--- Page 45 ---
- 45 -
with respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); and (c) with respect to Fitch, any of the categories from and including 
AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
“ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
“Make Whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Make Whole Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no 
earlier than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a)
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
financial statements, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues) at any 
relevant time represent no less than 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets or gross 
consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Group, as calculated by reference to the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Issuer and the latest 
accounts or six-monthly reports of each relevant Subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) prepared in accordance with IFRS EU, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest consolidated audited 
accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Issuer relate, then for the purpose of applying 
each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer’s latest consolidated audited accounts or 
consolidated six-monthly reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as 
if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial 
statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Issuer for the time being after 
consultation with the Issuer; or 
(b)
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which, 
immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any of its respective successors or affiliates;  
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating assigned 
to the Bearer Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 21 days 
after, the occurrence of the Change of Control of the Issuer seek, and thereafter throughout the Change of 
Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Bearer Notes, or any other 
unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such endeavours, 
it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least Investment Grade Rating by the end of the Change of Control 
Period;

--- Page 46 ---
- 46 -
“Non-Investment Grade Rating” means the following Ratings: (a) with respect to Standard & Poor’s, 
any of the categories below BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (b) with respect to Moody’s, any of 
the categories below Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); and (c) with respect to Fitch, any of the 
categories below BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Bearer Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant place of presentation are open for presentation and 
payment of bearer debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness of a company which has merged with the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries or which has been 
acquired by the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries, provided that such security was already in existence at the 
time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing the merger or the 
acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended following the merger or the acquisition; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European 
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent;

--- Page 47 ---
- 47 -
“Pro Forma Unencumbered Total Assets Value” means the Unencumbered Total Assets Value as at the 
relevant Reference Date adjusted to include any event that has increased or decreased the Unencumbered 
Total Assets Value between the relevant Reference Date and the corresponding Reporting Date; and 
“Pro Forma Unsecured Debt” means the Unsecured Debt as at the relevant Reference Date adjusted to 
include any event that has increased or decreased the Unsecured Debt between the relevant Reference Date 
and the corresponding Reporting Date. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to a Paying Agent by any Noteholder 
wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Bearer Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by a Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder upon deposit 
of a Bearer Note with such Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Bearer 
Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Bearer Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s; and 
“Ratings” means any ratings that may be assigned to the Bearer Notes by a Rating Agency from time to 
time, at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by an Independent Financial Adviser which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Bond” shall be the bond so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
no longer available, the FA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial Adviser obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Date” means 30 June and 31 December of each year as the context requires; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers 
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal

--- Page 48 ---
- 48 -
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Make Whole Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means SONIA, EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a)
in the case of Bearer Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b)
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to be 
paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling in 
any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and month 
(but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Bearer Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement 
by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential 
bidder relating to any potential Change of Control of the Issuer where within 180 days following the date 
of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control of the Issuer occurs; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Fiscal Agent on or prior to such due date, the 
date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be 
or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Bearer Note, the aggregate amount of scheduled 
payment(s) of interest on such Bearer Note for the remaining term of such Bearer Note determined on the 
basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Bearer Note from and including the date on which such 
Bearer Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 10(c).

--- Page 49 ---
- 49 -
“Reporting Date” means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the approval by the Issuer’s General 
Shareholders’ Meeting of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, with respect to a 
Reference Date falling on 31 December, or (ii) the approval by the Issuer’s board of directors of the 
Issuer’s semi-annual consolidated financial statements, with respect to a Reference Date falling on 30 June; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Bearer Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in respect of 
the Bearer Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect of the Bearer 
Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under the Bearer Notes or 
to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required to pass an Extraordinary 
Resolution; 
“Secured Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, that portion of the Total Debt that is secured by a 
Security Interest on any assets of the Group; 
“Security Interest” means, without duplication, any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest or other preferential interest or arrangement having a similar economic effect, excluding any right 
of set-off, but including any conditional sale or other title retention arrangement or any finance leases;  
“SFL” means the French company Société Fonçière Lyonnaise S.A.; 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the German Federal Government 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Bearer Notes that 
would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Bearer Notes; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Standard & Poor’s” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España or any of its 
respective successors or affiliates;  
“Subsidiary” means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer; 
“Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Bearer Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these purposes 
shall include any further Bearer Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased by the Issuer 
or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 10(l)); 
“Talon” means a talon for further Coupons; 
“TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“TARGET System” means the TARGET2 system; 
“Total Assets of the Group” means, as at each Reference Date, the aggregate value of the total assets of 
the Group as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-
annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) prepared as of the relevant Reference Date

--- Page 50 ---
- 50 -
according to IFRS EU and adjusted to exclude any intangible assets and to include the unrealised capital 
gain arising from the revaluation of the assets for own use as reported in the relevant financial statements; 
“Total Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, the aggregate amount of all Financial Indebtedness of the 
Group as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-
annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) for that Reference Date, excluding any derivative 
transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation of interest rates; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
“Voting Rights” means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes 
shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 
“Unencumbered Total Assets Value” means, as at each Reference Date, the value of the Total Assets of 
the Group which are not subject to a Security Interest as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated 
financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) 
prepared as of the relevant Reference Date;  
“Unsecured Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, that portion of the Total Debt that is not Secured 
Debt; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Bearer Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b)
Interpretation: In these Bearer Conditions: 
(i)
if the Bearer Notes are Zero Coupon Notes, references to Coupons and Couponholders are not 
applicable; 
(ii)
if Talons are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Coupons shall be deemed to include references to Talons; 
(iii)
if Talons are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as being attached to the Bearer Notes at the 
time of issue, references to Talons are not applicable; 
(iv)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Bearer Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Bearer Conditions;  
(v)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Bearer Conditions; 
(vi)
references to Bearer Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the Agency 
Agreement;  
(vii)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not 
applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Bearer Notes; and 
(viii)
any reference to the Agency Agreement shall be construed as a reference to the Agency 
Agreement as amended and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Bearer 
Notes.

--- Page 51 ---
- 51 -
3.
Form, Denomination and Title 
The Bearer Notes are in bearer form in the Specified Denomination(s) with Coupons and, if specified in 
the relevant Final Terms, Talons attached at the time of issue. In the case of a Series of Bearer Notes with 
more than one Specified Denomination, Notes of one Specified Denomination will not be exchangeable 
for Bearer Notes of another Specified Denomination. Title to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons will pass 
by delivery. The holder of any Bearer Note or Coupon shall (except as otherwise required by law) be 
treated as its absolute owner for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any other interest therein, any writing thereon or any notice of any previous loss or 
theft thereof) and no Person shall be liable for so treating such holder. No person shall have any right to 
enforce any term or condition of any Bearer Note under the Contracts (Rights of Third Parties) Act 1999. 
4.
Status 
The Bearer Notes and Coupons constitute (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) 
direct, unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all time rank pari 
passu and without any preference among themselves except for any applicable legal and statutory 
exceptions. Upon insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Bearer Notes 
shall (except for any applicable legal and statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all 
other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts 
under Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 
1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido 
de la Ley Concursal) (the “Spanish Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provisions which replace it in 
the future).  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Bearer Notes (which are not subordinated 
pursuant to Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos ordinarios) as 
defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank junior to credits against the insolvency 
estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary credits 
rank senior to subordinated credits. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the accrual of interest (other than any interest 
accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) 
shall be suspended as from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Interest on the Bearer 
Notes accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
5.
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Bearer Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the 
Issuer will not, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL will create, or have 
outstanding, any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest), upon the whole or any part of 
its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at 
the same time or prior thereto according to the Bearer Notes and the Coupons the same security as is 
created or subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other 
security as shall be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the 
Noteholders. 
6.
Covenants 
For so long as any Bearer Note or Coupon remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the 
Issuer shall: 
(a)
Unencumbered Assets: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Unencumbered Total Assets Value will 
be at least equal to the Unsecured Debt;

--- Page 52 ---
- 52 -
(b)
Loan-to-Value Ratio: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Loan-to-Value Ratio will be equal to or 
lower than 55%;  
If the Loan-to-Value Ratio exceeds 55% as at each Reference Date, the Issuer undertakes to adopt the 
appropriate measures in order to restore the Loan-to-Value Ratio, including (without limitation) by means 
of a repayment of Indebtedness by making: 
(i)
equity contributions from the shareholders; or  
(ii)
assets disposals (which proceeds shall be applied for the repayment of Indebtedness), 
in either case within 6 months (the “LVR Rebalance Period”) following the date on which the Issuer first 
becomes aware that the Loan-to-Value Ratio exceeds 55% (the “LVR Rebalance Remedy”).  
The LVR Rebalance Remedy may not be exercised in two consecutive Calculation Periods, and in any 
event may not be exercised more than three times in total prior to the Maturity Date.   
(c)
Interest Coverage Ratio: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Interest Coverage Ratio will be equal to 
or higher than 2.00x; 
(d)
Notice to Noteholders: In addition to Condition 6(e) below, in the event that as at any Reference Date any 
covenant in Condition 6(a) to 6(c) above is breached (and, in the case of the covenants in Condition 6(a) 
and Condition 6(b), has not been remedied or a remedy is no longer available, as applicable), promptly 
(and in any event no later than the following relevant Reporting Date) notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); and 
(e)
Certificate: deliver a certificate to the Noteholders through the Fiscal Agent on each Reporting Date 
signed by one Authorised Officer of the Issuer, certifying that the Issuer is in compliance with the 
covenants set out in Conditions 6(a) to 6(c) above at the relevant Reference Date (or, if applicable, in 
respect of the covenant in Condition 6(a) only, is in compliance as at the relevant Reporting Date or in 
respect of the covenant in Condition 6(b) only, has been, and is, in compliance subject to the exercise of 
the LVR Rebalance Remedy), and containing (i) the formulae for the calculation of the relevant covenant, 
and (ii) a statement as to the correctness of such formulae. The Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders 
through the Fiscal Agent a separate report issued by the Issuer’s auditors setting out the procedures used to 
calculate the relevant covenant and reviewing the application of the formulae certified by the Issuer. 
(f)
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 6: 
“Acceptable Bank” means any bank or financial institution enjoying a rating of BB+ or above from Standard & 
Poor’s or Fitch, or of Ba1 or above from Moody’s.  
“CAPEX” means the costs related to the new construction relating to office buildings, maintenance and 
refurbishment of the Rental Assets. 
“Cash” means, at any time, a cash amount, immediately available or deposited into an account held by the Issuer 
or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, of which the Issuer or its wholly owned Subsidiaries are the sole holders 
and beneficiaries, provided that: 
(i)
said cash is repayable within 30 days following the relevant calculation date; 
(ii)
the cash reimbursement does not depend on the prior payment of any other debt from any Group 
member or other person, or on the meeting of any other condition;  
(iii)
there is no security over said that impedes its availability by the Issuer or its wholly owned 
Subsidiaries; and

--- Page 53 ---
- 53 -
(iv)
the cash amount is free and (except as provided in (i) above) immediately available for use 
towards early repayment of the Notes.  
“Cash-Equivalent Investments” means, at all times:  
(i)
deposit certificates with a maturity date within the year following the relevant calculation date, 
issued by an Acceptable Bank or other entity with a similar rating; 
(ii)
any investment in negotiable debt obligations, issued by the government of the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, any member of the European Economic Area, any Participating 
Member State, or any instrumental company or agency of any of these enjoying an equivalent 
rating, with maturity date within the year following the relevant calculation date, not convertible 
or exchangeable for any other title;  
(iii)
a promissory note not able to be converted or exchanged for any other title:  
(a)
for which there is a recognised trading market; 
(b)
issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, 
any member state of the European Economic Area or any Participating Member State; 
(c)
with maturity during the year following the relevant calculation date; and 
(d)
enjoying a rating of A-1 or more, from Standard & Poor’s, or F1 or above from Fitch, or 
P-1 or above from Moody’s, or, if the promissory note is rated by an issuer with an 
equivalent rating in relation to its unsecured long-term debt obligations, whose rating 
has not increased; 
(iv)
any negotiable instrument entitled to a discount by the Bank of Spain or European Central Bank 
and, in any case, accepted by an Acceptable Bank or other similarly rated entity (or its equivalent 
uncapitalised amount); 
(v)
any investment accessible within a 30-day term in monetary market funds, which (i) enjoys a 
rating of A-1 or above from Standard & Poor’s, or F1 or above from Fitch, or P-1 or above from 
Moody’s, and (ii) essentially invests all its assets in securities of the kind described in (i) to (iv) 
above. 
in any case, which are owned exclusively by the Issuer or any member of the Group (excluding SFL), not issued or 
secured by any Group member or subject to any security granted in favour of third parties not belonging to the 
Group. 
“Current Assets” mean the commercial credit rights and other current assets, with maturity of less than 12 months 
after their computation date, excluding: 
(i)
Cash and Cash-Equivalent Investments;  
(ii)
credit rights related to Tax; 
(iii)
extraordinary items, exceptional items and other non-operating items; and 
(iv)
insurance claims. 
“Current Liabilities” means the liabilities (including trade creditors and other current liabilities and accrued 
expenses) falling due within 12 months from the date of computation but excluding: 
(i)
Indebtedness; 
(ii)
liabilities for Tax; 
(iii)
extraordinary items, exceptional items and other non-operating items; and

--- Page 54 ---
- 54 -
(iv)
insurance claims. 
“EBITDA” means the difference between Rental Income and Operating Expenses. 
“EPRA NAV” means the latest net asset value (excluding transfer costs) provided by a company that follows the 
rules of the European Public Real Estate Association (EPRA). 
“General Costs” all costs incurred by the Issuer or any of its 100% owned Subsidiaries that cannot be directly 
attributed to any Rental Assets, specifically including, without limitation, staff expenses and costs, expenses and 
costs incurred by advisors, remuneration of the Board of Directors, banking services, expenses and costs related to 
advertising and public relations (excluding those one off extraordinary costs or expenses incurred once and which 
are not susceptible to be repeated in the future). 
“Indebtedness” means, at all times, the sum of all amounts due by a debtor by virtue of the following:  
(i)
amounts borrowed on loan (whether under a loan agreement or a credit facility); 
(i)
amounts resulting from the issue of bonds, obligations, promissory notes, bills of exchange or 
any other similar instrument; 
(ii)
amounts due by virtue of financial leasing agreements; 
(iii)
amounts received further to the assignment or discount of bills, commercial effects and other 
credit rights except for (i) non-recourse assignments; and (ii) the invoices set up by means of the 
“Norma 19”;  
(iv)
amounts obtained through any other interest-bearing operation with the same commercial effects 
as a loan (including trading with futures or sales subject to a repurchase option); 
(v)
transactions with derivative instruments that are not used to hedge the interest rate risk or 
currency fluctuation risk in relation to any financial indebtedness or that can be considered 
speculative (on the understanding that such transactions will be valued in market value terms);  
(vi)
counterguarantees granted in connection with endorsements or any other financial guarantees 
issued by credit entities (without double counting); and 
(vii)
without double-counting, the amount of any due and payable liability in respect of any guarantee 
or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, on each Reference Date, the percentage ratio resulting from dividing (i) the 
Recurring Cash Flow (based on the 12 months immediately preceding the relevant Reference Date) by (ii) the 
interest paid under the Total Colonial Debt (based on the 12 months immediately preceding the relevant Reference 
Date). 
“Loan-to-Value Ratio” means the percentage ratio resulting from dividing the:  
(i)
Total Colonial Debt, by the 
(ii)
Total Asset Value of Colonial, 
with respect to each Reference Date. 
“Operating Expenses” means any expenses incurred (or to be incurred, as the case may be), in relation to any 
Rental Asset of the Issuer or any of its 100% owned Subsidiaries, which are necessary for its adequate operation 
and maintenance further to accounting standards applicable in Spain, including without limitation: repairs, 
maintenance, warranty, taxes, insurance, marketing. 
“Recurring Cash Flow” means (without double counting) the result of:  
(i)
EBITDA (which includes, for the sake of clarity, the real property tax),  
(ii)
plus the dividends of its Subsidiaries (including Torre Marenostrum, S.L.) not entirely owned,

--- Page 55 ---
- 55 -
(iii)
minus the General Costs,  
(iv)
plus/minus any changes in Working Capital (Spain),  
(v)
plus/minus any maintenance CAPEX (Spain).  
“Rental Assets” means any real estate assets owned by the Issuer or its 100% owned Subsidiaries, actually 
generating (or which could potentially generate) Rental Income. 
“Rental Income” means all amounts paid or payable to (or to the benefit of) the Issuer, derived from the lease, use, 
enjoyment or occupation of all or part of the Rental Assets owned by the Issuer or companies in which the Issuer 
holds 100% of their shares, including (without limitation and without double counting): 
(i)
leases, licence duties and equivalent sums, reserved or payable;  
(ii)
insurance income for the loss of leases or lease interests; 
(iii)
bills for the execution, cancellation or change of any lease, or the fair value thereof; 
(iv)
any income from service costs related to any lease; 
(v)
payments made due to the breach of an obligation or damage caused under any lease to the 
Rental Assets, and for expenses incurred in relation to such breach; 
(vi)
any unrecoverable contribution made by a tenant under a lease; 
(vii)
interest, damages or compensation in relation to any of the items within the definition; and 
(viii)
any payment or other distribution received or collected from a guarantor, or other security over 
any of the items listed in this definition.
“SFL Shares” means the shares representing the capital stock of SFL. 
“SFL Shares Owned by Colonial” means the SFL Shares that at any given time are owned, directly or indirectly, 
by the Issuer. 
“Tax” means any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any sanction or 
default interest accrued in relation to any non-payment or delayed payment thereof). 
“Total Asset Value of Colonial” means the value resulting from adding:  
(i)
the market value of the real estate assets held by the Issuer and its wholly owned Subsidiaries, 
according to the latest Valuation Report; plus  
(ii)
the number of SFL Shares Owned by Colonial, multiplied by the latest EPRA NAV of SFL; plus 
(iii)
the net asset value of the shares and participations of Subsidiaries not entirely owned, directly or 
indirectly held by the Issuer; plus 
(iv)
the Treasury Shares, valued in accordance with the latest reported net asset value.
“Total Colonial Debt” means the amount drawn down and pending repayment as Indebtedness undertaken by the 
Issuer and/or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, any interest accrued and not paid under said Indebtedness; and 
any other liquid amount not paid to the relevant creditors, all net of Cash and the Cash-Equivalent Investments of 
the Issuer. 
“Treasury Shares” means the Shares of the Issuer that at any given time are owned by the Issuer.  
“Valuer” means CBRE, Jones Lang Lasalle, Cushman & Wakefield, Savills, Aguirre Newman or Knight Frank or, 
such other entity of recognised international standing as may be selected by the Issuer. 
“Valuation Report” means the latest “RICS” (Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Appraisal and Valuation 
Standards) Valuation Report for the real estate assets of the Issuer (and its Subsidiaries -excluding SFL-), issued by

--- Page 56 ---
- 56 -
the Valuer within six months before the date on which it will be used to determine the Total Asset Value of 
Colonial. 
“Working Capital” means, at any date, the Issuer’s Current Assets minus its Current Liabilities. 
7.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes only if the 
Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). 
Each Bearer Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Bearer Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Bearer Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Bearer Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount and, if the Notes are in more than one Specified 
Denomination, shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount in respect of the relevant Specified 
Denomination.
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Bearer Note for any 
period for which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of 
Interest to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding 
the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded 
upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such 
Bearer Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any 
currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the 
country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent. 
8.
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA)
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes only if the 
Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Bearer Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate of 
Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 (Payments). 
Each Bearer Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless, upon due 
presentation, payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will 
continue to bear interest in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Bearer Note up to that day 
are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Fiscal 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Bearer Notes up to 
such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the 
Bearer Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date;

--- Page 57 ---
- 57 -
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, an Independent Financial Adviser shall: 
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and  
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, an Independent Financial Adviser 
shall determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by any one or more major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Independent Financial Adviser, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Bearer Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Bearer Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(vi)
Benchmark Replacement:  
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of such 
Benchmark Event and use its reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as reasonably 
practicable, at the Issuer’s own expense, an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)( v)).

--- Page 58 ---
- 58 -
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(vi)(i) shall act in good faith 
and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the 
Paying Agents, the Noteholders or the Couponholders for any determination made by it or for 
any advice given to the Issuer in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, 
pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(vi). 
(ii)
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Bearer Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period (or 
alternatively if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be the 
initial Rate of Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to such 
preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period). For 
the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8(c)(vi)(ii) shall apply to the relevant Interest Period 
only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation of, and to 
adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8(c)(vi). 
(iii)
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines that: 
(A)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Bearer Notes (subject to the operation of this 
Condition 8(c)(vi)); or
(A)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Bearer Notes 
(subject to the operation of this Condition 8(c)(vi)). 
(iv)
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(v)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 8(c)(vi) and the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Bearer Conditions and/or the 
Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper operation of such Successor Rate, 
Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such amendments, the “Benchmark 
Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject 
to giving notice thereof in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(vi), without any requirement for 
the consent or approval of Noteholders, vary these Bearer Conditions and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (provided that the Benchmark 
Amendments do not, without the prior agreement of the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, 
each Paying Agent as applicable, have the effect of increasing the obligations or duties, or 
decreasing the rights or protections, of the Fiscal Agent, each Paying Agent or the Calculation 
Agent under these Bearer Conditions and/or the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date 
specified in such notice.  
(vi)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(c)(vi) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Fiscal Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date (which shall not be less than five Business Days prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date) of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.

--- Page 59 ---
- 59 -
(vii)
No later than notifying the Fiscal Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal Agent 
a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(vi); and  
(B)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
(viii)
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment 
Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent, 
the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(ix)
Without prejudice to Conditions 8(c)(vi)(i) to 8(c)(vi)(v), the Original Reference Rate and the 
other fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8(c) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(x)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if in the Fiscal Agent or, as the case 
may be, Calculation Agent’s opinion there is, following determination and notification to such 
party of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or any Benchmark 
Amendments, any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in making any 
determination or calculation under this Condition 8, the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, 
Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer, having first consulted 
with the Independent Adviser, shall direct the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, Calculation 
Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to adopt. If the Fiscal Agent or, as the 
case may be, Calculation Agent is not promptly provided with such direction, or is otherwise 
unable to make such calculation or determination for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer 
thereof and the Fiscal Agent or, as the case may be, Calculation Agent shall be under no 
obligation to make such calculation or determination and shall not incur any liability for not 
doing so. 
(xi)
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 8(c)(vii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders and Couponholders as a result of the replacement of 
the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may 
be) and is the spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or
(C)
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions

--- Page 60 ---
- 60 -
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be); or
(D)
(if the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, determines that no such industry standard is recognised or acknowledged), the 
Independent Adviser in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in 
accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c)(vi)(v). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use 
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; or
(E)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or
(F)
it has become unlawful for any Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate. 
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international debt capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 8(c)(vi)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Bearer 
Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (3) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof.

--- Page 61 ---
- 61 -
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Bearer Notes for 
each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA Rate” in 
relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) 
that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if the 
Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the terms 
of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day 
of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Bearer Notes in respect of 
the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period). 
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Bearer Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be calculated by 
applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying the product 
by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified 
Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal 
to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Bearer Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this 
purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest amount of such 
currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of euro, means 
one cent.
(g)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it

--- Page 62 ---
- 62 -
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Paying Agents and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Bearer Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case 
of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Bearer Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(h)
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Paying Agents, the Noteholders and the 
Couponholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation 
Agent in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such 
purposes. 
8A. 
Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA 
(a)  
This Condition 8A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
(b)  
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8A: 
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
ܱܵܰܫܣ݅−݌ܮܤܦ x ݊݅
365
൰
݀݋
݅= 1
−1቏x 
365
݀
“d” means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
“do” means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
“i” means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the relevant 
London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day in such 
Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day;

--- Page 63 ---
- 63 -
“p” for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms provided that “p” shall not be less than three London Banking Days at any time and shall not be less 
than five London Banking Days without prior written approval of the Calculation Agent;  
“Reference Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be:  
(a)  
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8A, 
the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date 
on which the Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the 
Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date.

--- Page 64 ---
- 64 -
9.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a)
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Bearer Notes only if the 
Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Bearer Note up to 
that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven 
days after the Fiscal Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect 
of the Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in 
payment). 
10.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Bearer Notes will be 
redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, but 
not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption Amount (Tax), 
together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Bearer Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Bearer Notes were then due; or
(2) 
where the Bearer Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 60

--- Page 65 ---
- 65 -
days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior 
to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date on 
which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a payment 
in respect of the Bearer Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to the Fiscal 
Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is entitled to effect such 
redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer so 
to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal advisers of recognised standing to the effect 
that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. 
Upon the expiry of any such notice as is referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the 
Bearer Notes in accordance with this Condition 10(b). 
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Bearer Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified in the 
relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional Redemption 
Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or 
such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be irrevocable and 
shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Bearer Notes or, as the case may be, the Bearer Notes specified in 
such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional Redemption Amount (Call) 
plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Bearer Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Bearer Notes to be redeemed; and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount outstanding of 
the Bearer Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Bearer Notes (exclusive of 
interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an annual basis at (i) 
the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each case as may be 
specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make Whole Exemption Period is specified as applicable 
and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Bearer Notes during the Make Whole Exemption Period, the 
Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the Bearer 
Notes to be redeemed. 
(d)
Residual maturity call option: If the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Bearer Notes having a maturity of not more than ten years 
or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Bearer Notes having a maturity of more than ten 
years, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Bearer Notes. 
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in 
such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(d).
(e)
Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, 
redeem the Bearer Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with these 
Bearer Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued and 
unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
All Bearer Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified in

--- Page 66 ---
- 66 -
such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e).
(f)
Partial redemption: in compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on 
which that series of Bearer Notes are listed, and in compliance with the requirements of Euroclear or 
Clearstream, or if the Bearer Notes are not so listed or such exchange prescribes no method of selection 
and the Bearer Notes are not held through Euroclear or Clearstream, Luxembourg or Euroclear or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg prescribes no method of selection, on a pro rata basis by use of a pool factor; 
provided, however, that no Definitive Note of €100,000 in aggregate principal amount or less shall be 
redeemed in part and only Bearer Notes in integral multiples of €1,000 will be redeemed. The Fiscal Agent 
will not be liable for any selections made in accordance with this paragraph. 
(g)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Bearer Note redeem such Bearer Note 
on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order to exercise the 
option contained in this Condition 10(g), the holder of a Bearer Note must, not less than 30 nor more than 
60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms), deposit with any Paying Agent such Bearer Note together with all unmatured 
Coupons relating thereto and a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form obtainable from any Paying 
Agent. The Paying Agent with which a Bearer Note is so deposited shall deliver a duly completed Put 
Option Receipt to the depositing Noteholder. No Bearer Note, once deposited with a duly completed Put 
Option Notice in accordance with this Condition 10(g), may be withdrawn; provided, however, that if, 
prior to the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put), any such Bearer Note becomes immediately due and 
payable or, upon due presentation of any such Bearer Note on the relevant Optional Redemption Date 
(Put), payment of the redemption moneys is improperly withheld or refused, the relevant Paying Agent 
shall mail notification thereof to the depositing Noteholder at such address as may have been given by 
such Noteholder in the relevant Put Option Notice and shall hold such Bearer Note at its Specified Office 
for collection by the depositing Noteholder against surrender of the relevant Put Option Receipt. For so 
long as any outstanding Bearer Note is held by a Paying Agent in accordance with this Condition 10(g), 
the depositor of such Bearer Note and not such Paying Agent shall be deemed to be the holder of such 
Bearer Note for all purposes. 
(h)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of control of the Issuer): If Put Event is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, a “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i)
(A)
any person or any persons acting in concert acquire Control of the Issuer (a “Change of 
control of the Issuer”); and 
(B)
on the date (the “Relevant Date”) that is the earlier of (a) the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control of the Issuer and (b) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Bearer Notes 
carry: 
(1)
an Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by such 
Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such 
rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a Non-
Investment Grade Rating or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an Investment 
Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(2)
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by 
such Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such 
rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more 
rating categories (from Baa1 to Baa2 or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and 
is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency;

--- Page 67 ---
- 67 -
or 
(3)
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of 
Control Period, 
provided that if upon the expiration of the Change of Control Period the Issuer has at least 
one Investment Grade Rating then sub-paragraphs (B)(1) and (B)(2) will not apply; and 
(C)
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs 
(B)(1) and (B)(2) above or not to award at least an Investment Grade Rating as described 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control of the Issuer or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement; and/or 
(ii)
the Issuer ceases: 
(A)
to hold or control, directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, more than 
50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of SFL; or 
(B)
to have the right, acting alone or in concert with others, to appoint and/or remove all or 
the majority of the members of the SFL’s Board of Directors or other governing body, 
whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share 
capital, the possession of Voting Rights, contract or otherwise, 
(in each case, a “Change of Control of SFL”). 
If a Put Event occurs, the holder of each Bearer Note will have the option (a “Put Option”) (unless prior 
to the giving of the relevant Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of redemption 
under Condition 10(b), 10(c) or 10(d) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, purchase 
(or procure the purchase of) such Bearer Note on the Put Date (as defined below) at its principal amount 
together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall without delay give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 19 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Put Event, the procedure for exercising the Put Option and the date on which the Put 
Period will end. 
To exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Bearer Note must deliver such Bearer Note to the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of such Paying Agent falling within 
the period (the “Put Period”) of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, accompanied by a duly signed 
and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) obtainable from the Specified 
Office of any Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”). The Bearer Note should be delivered together with all 
Coupons appertaining thereto maturing after the date which is seven days after the expiration of the Put 
Period (the “Put Date”), failing which the Paying Agent will require payment from or on behalf of the 
Noteholder of an amount equal to the face value of any missing such Coupon. Any amount so paid will be 
reimbursed to the Noteholder against presentation and surrender of the relevant missing Coupon (or any 
replacement thereof issued pursuant to Condition 15 (Replacement of Notes and Coupons) at any time 
after such payment, but before the expiry of the period of five years from the date on which such Coupon 
would have become due, but not thereafter. The Paying Agent to which such Bearer Note and Put Notice 
are delivered will issue to the Noteholder concerned a non-transferable receipt in respect of the Bearer 
Note so delivered. Payment in respect of any Bearer Note so delivered will be made, if the holder duly 
specified a bank account in the Put Notice to which payment is to be made, on the Put Date by transfer to 
that bank account and, in every other case, on or after the Put Date against presentation and surrender or 
(as the case may be) endorsement of such receipt at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent. A Put 
Notice, once given, shall be irrevocable. For the purposes of these Bearer Conditions, receipts issued 
pursuant to Condition 19 (Notices) shall be treated as if they were Bearer Notes. The Issuer shall redeem 
or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the relevant Bearer Notes on the Put Date unless previously

--- Page 68 ---
- 68 -
redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 85 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Bearer Notes then outstanding have been redeemed or 
purchased pursuant to this Condition 10(h), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Put Date), redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding 
Bearer Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed for 
such redemption or purchase. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s are changed from 
those which are described in paragraph (i)(B) of the definition of “Put Event” above, the Issuer shall 
determine the rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s and this Condition 10(f) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(i)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Bearer Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(j)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Bearer Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Bearer Notes in the open market 
or otherwise and at any price, provided that all unmatured Coupons are purchased therewith. Any Bearer 
Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of the Issuer or any such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the 
holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the 
purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 17(a) 
(Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
(l)
Cancellation: All Bearer Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its respective 
Subsidiaries and any unmatured Coupons attached to or surrendered with them shall be cancelled and may 
not be reissued or resold. 
11.
Payments 
(a)
Principal: Payments of principal shall be made only against presentation and (provided that payment is 
made in full) surrender of Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of any Paying Agent outside the United 
States by cheque drawn in the currency in which the payment is due on, or by transfer to an account 
denominated in that currency (or, if that currency is euro, any other account to which euro may be credited 
or transferred) and maintained by the payee with, a bank in the Principal Financial Centre of that currency. 
(b)
Interest: Payments of interest shall, subject to paragraph (h) below, be made only against presentation and 
(provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the appropriate Coupons at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States in the manner described in paragraph (a) above.  
(c)
Payments in New York City: Payments of principal or interest may be made at the Specified Office of a

--- Page 69 ---
- 69 -
Paying Agent in New York City if (i) the Issuer has appointed Paying Agents outside the United States 
with the reasonable expectation that such Paying Agents will be able to make payment of the full amount 
of the interest on the Bearer Notes in the currency in which the payment is due when due, (ii) payment of 
the full amount of such interest at the offices of all such Paying Agents is illegal or effectively precluded 
by exchange controls or other similar restrictions and (iii) payment is permitted by applicable United 
States law. 
(d)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Bearer Notes are subject in all cases to (i) 
any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(e)
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders or Couponholders in respect of such 
payments. 
(f)
Deductions for unmatured Coupons: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that the Fixed Rate Note 
Provisions are applicable and a Bearer Note is presented without all unmatured Coupons relating thereto: 
(i)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is less than or equal to the amount of principal 
due for payment, a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons will be deducted 
from the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, that if the gross amount 
available for payment is less than the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will 
be that proportion of the aggregate amount of such missing Coupons which the gross amount 
actually available for payment bears to the amount of principal due for payment; 
(ii)
if the aggregate amount of the missing Coupons is greater than the amount of principal due for 
payment: 
(A)
so many of such missing Coupons shall become void (in inverse order of maturity) as will 
result in the aggregate amount of the remainder of such missing Coupons (the “Relevant 
Coupons”) being equal to the amount of principal due for payment; provided, however, 
that where this sub-paragraph would otherwise require a fraction of a missing Coupon to 
become void, such missing Coupon shall become void in its entirety; and 
(B)
a sum equal to the aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, if less, the amount of 
principal due for payment) will be deducted from the amount of principal due for 
payment; provided, however, that, if the gross amount available for payment is less than 
the amount of principal due for payment, the sum deducted will be that proportion of the 
aggregate amount of the Relevant Coupons (or, as the case may be, the amount of 
principal due for payment) which the gross amount actually available for payment bears 
to the amount of principal due for payment. 
Each sum of principal so deducted shall be paid in the manner provided in paragraph (a) above against presentation 
and (provided that payment is made in full) surrender of the relevant missing Coupons.  
(g)
Unmatured Coupons void: If the relevant Final Terms specifies that this Condition 11(g) is applicable or 
that the Floating Rate Note Provisions are applicable, on the due date for final redemption of any Bearer 
Note or early redemption in whole of such Bearer Note pursuant to Condition 10(b) (Redemption for tax 
reasons), Condition 10(c) (Redemption at the option of the Issuer), Condition 10(d) (Residual maturity call 
option), Condition 10 (e) (Substantial Purchase Event), Condition 10(f) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders), Condition 11(h) (Redemption at the option of Noteholders (Change of control of the Issuer)), 
or Condition 13 (Events of Default), all unmatured Coupons relating thereto (whether or not still attached) 
shall become void and no payment will be made in respect thereof. 
(h)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Bearer Note or

--- Page 70 ---
- 70 -
Coupon is not a Payment Business Day in the place of presentation, the holder shall not be entitled to 
payment in such place of the amount due until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place 
and shall not be entitled to any further interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
(i)
Payments other than in respect of matured Coupons: Payments of interest other than in respect of matured 
Coupons shall be made only against presentation of the relevant Bearer Notes at the Specified Office of 
any Paying Agent outside the United States (or in New York City if permitted by paragraph (c) above). 
(j)
Partial payments: If a Paying Agent makes a partial payment in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon 
presented to it for payment, such Paying Agent will endorse thereon a statement indicating the amount and 
date of such payment. 
(k)
Exchange of Talons: On or after the maturity date of the final Coupon which is (or was at the time of issue) 
part of a Coupon Sheet relating to the Bearer Notes, the Talon forming part of such Coupon Sheet may be 
exchanged at the Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent for a further Coupon Sheet (including, if appropriate, 
a further Talon but excluding any Coupons in respect of which claims have already become void pursuant 
to Condition 14 (Prescription). Upon the due date for redemption of any Bearer Note, any unexchanged 
Talon relating to such Bearer Note shall become void and no Coupon will be delivered in respect of such 
Talon. 
12.
Taxation 
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Bearer Notes and the Coupons by or on 
behalf of the Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on 
account of, any present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature 
imposed, levied, collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political 
subdivision therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Spanish Tax 
Authorities”), unless the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental 
charges is required by law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in 
receipt by the Noteholders and the Couponholders after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as 
would have been received by them had no such withholding or deduction been required, except that no 
such additional amounts shall be payable in respect of any Bearer Note or Coupon presented for payment: 
(i)
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Bearer Note or Coupon by reason of its having some connection with 
the jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Bearer Note or Coupon; or 
(ii)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Bearer Note 
or Coupon would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Bearer Note or 
Coupon for payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom the Issuer does not receive from 
the Fiscal Agent, within the time period established by applicable law, a duly executed and 
completed certificate required in order to comply with the Spanish Law 10/2014 as well as Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, (each, as amended from time to time)and any other implementing legislation 
or regulation; or 
(iv)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a Spanish resident legal entity subject to Corporate Income Tax 
or a Spanish individual subject to Spanish Personal Income Tax, if the Spanish tax authorities 
determine that the Notes do not comply with the exemption requirements specified in the General 
Directorate for Taxation’s ruling of 27 July 2004 and require a withholding to be made; or 
(v)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whose Bearer Notes the Issuer (or an 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received the information as might be necessary under 
the applicable law or regulation to allow payments on such Bearer Notes to be made free and clear 
from withholding tax or deduction on account of taxes levied by the Kingdom of Spain, including 
when the Issuer does not receive such information concerning the Noteholders’ identity and tax

--- Page 71 ---
- 71 -
residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be implemented; or 
(vi)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder, should the exemption of Law 10/2014 not be 
applicable, who does not comply with the Issuer’s request to provide a valid certificate of tax 
residence duly issued by the tax authorities of the country of tax residence of the beneficial owner 
of the Bearer Notes, which the holder or the beneficial owner is required to provide by the 
applicable tax laws and regulations of the relevant taxing authority as a precondition to exemption 
from, or reduction in the rate of deduction or withholding of, Taxes imposed by such relevant 
taxing authority; or 
(vii)
presented for payment in the Kingdom of Spain; or 
(viii)
any combination of items (i) through (v) above.  
For the avoidance of doubt, payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
12 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or 
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No additional amounts will be paid on the Bearer Notes or Coupons with respect to any 
such withholding or deduction. 
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Bearer Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed as 
references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13.
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a)
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal or any interest on any of Bearer Notes when due and 
such failure continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of interest; 
or 
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations under the Bearer Notes (including, but not limited to, any provision of Condition 5 (Negative 
Pledge)) which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 Business Days after notice of 
such default shall have been given to the Issuer or to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office by any 
Noteholder; or 
(c)
Breach of Covenant: the Issuer does not perform or observe any of the covenants set forth in Condition 6 
(Covenants) which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within any originally applicable grace 
period or is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer and 
to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office by any Noteholder, by providing the Noteholders through the 
Fiscal Agent with an updated certificate signed by one Authorised Officer of the Issuer certifying that, as 
applicable, in respect of the covenant in Condition 6(a): 
(i) the Pro Forma Unencumbered Total Assets Value, is not less than 
(ii) the Pro Forma Unsecured Debt; 
and in respect of the covenant in Condition 6(b), the Issuer is in compliance with the Loan-to-Value Ratio 
following the exercise of the LVR Rebalance Remedy as at a date falling within the relevant LVR 
Rebalance Period and, in each case, containing (i) the formulae for the calculation of the relevant covenant, 
and (ii) a statement as to the correctness of such formulae. The Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders 
through the Fiscal Agent a separate report issued by the Issuer’s auditors setting out the procedures used to

--- Page 72 ---
- 72 -
calculate the relevant covenant and reviewing the application of the formulae certified by the Issuer; or 
(d)
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(other than SFL) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL) fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, 
any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, 
guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
Condition 14(d) have occurred equals or exceeds EUR20,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the 
middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on 
which this Condition 14(d) operates); or 
(e)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries (other than SFL) and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days, provided that the amount 
levied, enforced or sued on such distress, attachment or execution, individually or in aggregate with any 
other amount levied, enforced or sued, exceeds EUR20,000,000; or 
(f)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL) becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person), provided that the individual or 
aggregate value of all assets subject to the enforcement exceeds EUR20,000,000; or 
(g)
Insolvency: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent 
or bankrupt (concurso) or unable to pay its debts when due, or is declared or a voluntary request has been 
submitted to a relevant court for the declaration of insolvency or bankruptcy, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend regular payment of its debts, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, 
rescheduling or other readjustment of its debts generally, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts 
or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries generally; or 
(h)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or 
dissolution (disolución) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and 
followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of Material Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries; or 
(i)
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at 
any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Bearer Notes, (ii) to ensure that 
those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Bearer Notes admissible in 
evidence in the courts of England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Bearer Notes; or 
(k)
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) of this Condition 13; 
then any Bearer Note may, by notice in writing given to the Fiscal Agent at its Specified Office by the 
Noteholder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become immediately due and

--- Page 73 ---
- 73 -
payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) without further formality. 
14.
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless the relevant Bearer Notes are presented for payment within 
ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. Claims for interest shall become void unless the relevant 
Coupons are presented for payment within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15.
Replacement of Notes and Coupons 
If any Bearer Note or Coupon is lost, stolen, mutilated, defaced or destroyed, it may be replaced at the 
Specified Office of the Fiscal Agent (and, if the Bearer Notes are then admitted to listing, trading and/or 
quotation by any competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the 
appointment of a Paying Agent in any particular place, the Paying Agent having its Specified Office in the 
place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system), subject to all 
applicable laws and competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system requirements, upon 
payment by the claimant of the expenses incurred in connection with such replacement and on such terms 
as to evidence, security, indemnity and otherwise as the Issuer may reasonably require. Mutilated or 
defaced Bearer Notes or Coupons must be surrendered before replacements will be issued. 
16.
Agents 
In acting under the Agency Agreement and in connection with the Bearer Notes and the Coupons, the 
Paying Agents act solely as agents of the Issuer and do not assume any obligations towards or relationship 
of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders or Couponholders. 
The initial Paying Agents and their initial Specified Offices are listed below. The initial Calculation Agent 
(if any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or 
terminate the appointment of any Paying Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor fiscal 
agent or Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:
(a)
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Fiscal Agent; and 
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c)
if and for so long as the Bearer Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
Paying Agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a Paying Agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Paying Agents or in their Specified Offices shall promptly be given to 
the Noteholders. 
17.
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Bearer Notes, including the modification of any provision 
of these Bearer Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an Extraordinary 
Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them upon the 
request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of 
the outstanding Bearer Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an Extraordinary 
Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more Persons being or 
representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes; provided, 
however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution passed at a 
meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than two-thirds or,

--- Page 74 ---
- 74 -
at any adjourned meeting, 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Bearer Notes 
form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be binding on all the 
Noteholders and Couponholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less than two-thirds of 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b)
Modification: The Bearer Notes and these Bearer Conditions may be amended without the consent of the 
Noteholders or the Couponholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency 
Agreement may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent 
of the Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made 
to correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests 
of the Noteholders. 
18.
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders or the Couponholders, create 
and issue further notes having the same terms and conditions as the Bearer Notes in all respects (or in all 
respects except for the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Bearer Notes. 
19.
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders shall be valid if published in a leading English language daily newspaper 
published in Dublin or, if such publication is not practicable, in a leading English language daily 
newspaper having general circulation in Europe. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given on 
the date of first publication (or if required to be published in more than one newspaper, on the first date on 
which publication shall have been made in all the required newspapers). Couponholders shall be deemed 
for all purposes to have notice of the contents of any notice given to the Noteholders. For so long as any 
Bearer Notes are admitted to trading on the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin, the 
Issuer will also publish notices in accordance with the rules of the Irish Stock Exchange plc trading as 
Euronext Dublin. 
Until such time as any definitive Notes are issued, there may, so long as any global Note is held in its 
entirety on behalf of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg be substituted for such publication as 
aforesaid the delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg for 
communication by them to the Noteholders in accordance with their respective rules and operating 
procedures. Any such notice shall be deemed to have been given to the Noteholders on the day on which 
the notice was given to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg, as appropriate. 
20.
Currency Indemnity 
Euro is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer under or in connection 
with the Bearer Notes and the Coupons, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a 
currency other than Euro (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court 
of any jurisdiction, in the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any 
Noteholder or Couponholder in respect of any sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only 
constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of the Euro amount which the recipient is able to purchase 
with the amount so received or recovered in that other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, 
if it is not practicable to make that purchase on that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do 
so). If that Euro amount is less than the Euro amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Bearer 
Note or Coupon, the Issuer shall indemnify it against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the 
Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this 
Condition, it will be sufficient for the Noteholder or Couponholder, as the case may be, to demonstrate that 
it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These indemnities constitute a separate 
and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give rise to a separate and 
independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by any Noteholder or

--- Page 75 ---
- 75 -
Couponholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof 
for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Bearer Note or Coupon or any other judgment 
or order. 
21.
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Bearer Conditions (unless otherwise specified in 
these Bearer Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such calculations 
will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point (with 0.000005 
per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used in or resulting 
from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded up), (c) all 
Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards to the next 
lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency used in or 
resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such currency, with 
0.005 being rounded upwards. 
22.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law: Save as described below, the Bearer Notes, the Agency Agreement and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Bearer Notes are governed by English law. 
The status of the Bearer Notes as described in Condition 4 (Status) are governed by Spanish law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Bearer Notes or the Coupons and accordingly any legal action or proceedings 
arising out of or in connection with the Bearer Notes or the Coupons (“Proceedings”) may be brought in 
such courts. The Issuer irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to 
Proceedings in such courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have 
been brought in an inconvenient forum. This Condition is for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and 
Couponholders and shall not limit the right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of 
competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking 
of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction (whether concurrently or not). 
(c)
Agent for Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited of Fifth floor 100 Wood St London EC2V 7EX as its agent in England to receive service of 
process in any Proceedings in England based on any of the Bearer Notes or the Coupons. If for any reason 
the Issuer does not have such an agent in England, it will promptly appoint a substitute process agent and 
notify the Noteholders of such appointment. Nothing below shall affect the right to serve process in any 
other manner permitted by law.

--- Page 76 ---
- 76 -
TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES 
The following is the text of the terms and conditions which, save for the text in italics and subject to completion in 
accordance with the relevant Final Terms, will be applicable to the Book-entry Notes. The relevant Final Terms 
shall not amend or replace any information in this Base Prospectus. Subject to this, to the extent permitted by 
applicable law and/or regulation, the Final Terms in respect of any Tranche of Book-entry Notes may complete any 
information in this Base Prospectus. 
1.
Introduction 
(a)
Programme: Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. (the “Issuer”) has established a Euro Medium Term 
Note Programme (the “Programme”) for the issuance of up to EUR5,000,000,000 in aggregate principal 
amount of notes in book-entry form (the “Book-entry Notes”) and in bearer form. These terms and 
conditions relate to notes issued under the Programme in book-entry form. 
(b)
Final Terms: Book-entry Notes issued under the Programme are issued in series (each a “Series”) and 
each Series may comprise one or more tranches (each a “Tranche”) of Book-entry Notes. Each Tranche is 
the subject of a final terms (the “Final Terms”) which completes these terms and conditions (the “Book-
entry Conditions”). The terms and conditions applicable to any particular Tranche of Book-entry Notes 
are these Book-entry Conditions as completed by the relevant Final Terms. In the event of any 
inconsistency between these Book-entry Conditions and the relevant Final Terms, the relevant Final Terms 
shall prevail. 
(c)
Agency Agreements: The Book-entry Notes are the subject of (i) a Spanish law-governed paying agency 
agreement dated 18 May 2021 (as amended or supplemented, the “Spanish Agency Agreement”) between 
the Issuer and CaixaBank, S.A. as agent bank (the “Spanish Paying Agent”, which expression includes 
any successor or additional paying agents appointed from time to time in connection with the Book-entry 
Notes) and (ii), in respect of the provisions for meetings of Noteholders (as defined below) and the 
meaning of “outstanding” in respect of Book-entry Notes only, an amended and restated English law-
governed fiscal agency agreement dated 18 May 2021 (as amended or supplemented, the “Agency 
Agreement”) between the Issuer, Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch as fiscal agent and the other parties 
named therein.  
(d)
Deed of Covenant: The Book-entry Notes have the benefit of an English law-governed Deed of Covenant 
(the “Book-entry Deed of Covenant”) entered into by the Issuer on or around the date of this Base 
Prospectus to which these Book-entry Conditions will be affixed. In the Book-entry Deed of Covenant, the 
Issuer has covenanted in favour of each Noteholder (as defined below) that it will duly perform and 
comply with the obligations expressed to be undertaken by it in these Book-entry Conditions. The benefit 
of the Book-entry Deed of Covenant will not imply that the Book-entry Notes benefit from a security 
interest or that they have a higher ranking than other unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the 
Issuer. 
(e)
The Notes: All subsequent references in these Book-entry Conditions to “Book-entry Notes” are to the 
Book-entry Notes which are the subject of the relevant Final Terms. Copies of the relevant Final Terms are 
available for viewing at the registered office of the Issuer and on the Issuer’s website at 
www.inmocolonial.com.  
(f)
Summaries: Certain provisions of these Book-entry Conditions are summaries of the Spanish Agency 
Agreement and, in respect of the provisions for meetings of Noteholders (as defined below) and the 
meaning of “outstanding” in respect of Book-entry Notes only, the Agency Agreement and are subject to 
their detailed provisions. The Noteholders (as defined below) are bound by, and are deemed to have notice 
of, all the provisions of the Spanish Agency Agreement and the Agency Agreement applicable to them. 
Copies of the Spanish Agency Agreement and the Agency Agreement are available for inspection by 
Noteholders during normal business hours at the Specified Office of the Spanish Paying Agent, the initial 
Specified Office of which is set out below and on the Issuer’s website at www.inmocolonial.com.

--- Page 77 ---
- 77 -
2.
Interpretation 
(a)
Definitions: In these Book-entry Conditions the following expressions have the following meanings: 
“Accrual Yield” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Additional Business Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Additional Financial Centre(s)” means the city or cities specified as such in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Authorised Officer” means the Chief Executive Officer or the Chief Financial Officer of the Issuer, or 
anyone delegated by the Board of Directors of the Issuer; 
“Business Day” means: 
(a)
in relation to any sum payable in euro, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which 
commercial banks and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in each (if any) 
Additional Business Centre; and 
(b)
in relation to any sum payable in a currency other than euro, a day on which commercial banks 
and foreign exchange markets settle payments generally in London, in the Principal Financial 
Centre of the relevant currency and in each (if any) Additional Business Centre; 
“Business Day Convention”, in relation to any particular date, has the meaning given in the relevant Final 
Terms and, if so specified in the relevant Final Terms, may have different meanings in relation to different 
dates and, in this context, the following expressions shall have the following meanings: 
(a)
“Following Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the 
first following day that is a Business Day; 
(b)
“Modified Following Business Day Convention” or “Modified Business Day Convention” 
means that the relevant date shall be postponed to the first following day that is a Business Day 
unless that day falls in the next calendar month in which case that date will be the first preceding 
day that is a Business Day; 
(c)
“Preceding Business Day Convention” means that the relevant date shall be brought forward to 
the first preceding day that is a Business Day; 
(d)
“FRN Convention”, “Floating Rate Convention” or “Eurodollar Convention” means that each 
relevant date shall be the date which numerically corresponds to the preceding such date in the 
calendar month which is the number of months specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
Specified Period after the calendar month in which the preceding such date occurred provided, 
however, that: 
(i)
if there is no such numerically corresponding day in the calendar month in which any 
such date should occur, then such date will be the last day which is a Business Day in that 
calendar month; 
(ii)
if any such date would otherwise fall on a day which is not a Business Day, then such 
date will be the first following day which is a Business Day unless that day falls in the 
next calendar month, in which case it will be the first preceding day which is a Business 
Day; and 
(iii)
if the preceding such date occurred on the last day in a calendar month which was a 
Business Day, then all subsequent such dates will be the last day which is a Business Day 
in the calendar month which is the specified number of months after the calendar month 
in which the preceding such date occurred; and

--- Page 78 ---
- 78 -
(e)
“No Adjustment” means that the relevant date shall not be adjusted in accordance with any 
Business Day Convention;  
“Calculation Agent” means the Person specified in the relevant Final Terms as the party responsible for 
calculating the Rate(s) of Interest and Interest Amount(s) and/or such other amount(s) as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms;
“Calculation Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Change of Control Period” means the period commencing on and including the Relevant Date in 
relation to a Change of Control of the Issuer and ending 90 days after the Change of Control of the Issuer 
(or such longer period for which the Book-entry Notes are under consideration (such consideration having 
been announced publicly within the period ending 90 days after the Change of Control of the Issuer) for 
rating review or, as the case may be, rating by a Rating Agency, such period not to exceed 60 days after 
the public announcement of such consideration); 
“Control” has the meaning assigned to that term in Article 42(1) of the Spanish Commercial Code; 
“Day Count Fraction” means, in respect of the calculation of an amount for any period of time (the 
“Calculation Period”), such day count fraction as may be specified in these Book-entry Conditions or the 
relevant Final Terms and: 
(a)
if “Actual/Actual (ICMA)” is so specified, means: 
(i)
where the Calculation Period is equal to or shorter than the Regular Period during which 
it falls, the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided by the product of (1) 
the actual number of days in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods 
in any year; and 
(ii)
where the Calculation Period is longer than one Regular Period, the sum of: 
(A)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the Regular 
Period in which it begins divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days 
in such Regular Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; and 
(B)
the actual number of days in such Calculation Period falling in the next Regular 
Period divided by the product of (1) the actual number of days in such Regular 
Period and (2) the number of Regular Periods in any year; 
(b)
if “Actual/Actual (ISDA)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation 
Period divided by 365 (or, if any portion of the Calculation Period falls in a leap year, the sum of 
(A) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling in a leap year 
divided by 366 and (B) the actual number of days in that portion of the Calculation Period falling 
in a non-leap year divided by 365); 
(c)
if “Actual/365 (Fixed)” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 365; 
(d)
if “Actual/360” is so specified, means the actual number of days in the Calculation Period divided 
by 360; 
(e)
if “30/360” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction =
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x






--- Page 79 ---
- 79 -
where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as number, in which the day immediately 
following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31 and D1
is greater than 29, in which case D2 will be 30; 
(f)
if “30E/360” or “Eurobond Basis” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period 
divided by 360, calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
)
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation 
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless such number would be 31, in which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless such number would be 31, in 
which case D2 will be 30; and 
(g)
if “30E/360 (ISDA)” is so specified, the number of days in the Calculation Period divided by 360, 
calculated on a formula basis as follows: 
Day Count Fraction = 
360
(
)]
(
30
[
)]
(
360
[
)
1
2
1
2
1
2
D
D
M
M
x
Y
Y
x





where: 
“Y1” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the Calculation

--- Page 80 ---
- 80 -
Period falls; 
“Y2” is the year, expressed as a number, in which the day immediately following 
the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“M1” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the first day of the 
Calculation Period falls; 
“M2” is the calendar month, expressed as a number, in which the day 
immediately following the last day included in the Calculation Period falls; 
“D1” is the first calendar day, expressed as a number, of the Calculation Period, 
unless (i) that day is the last day of February or (ii) such number would be 31, in 
which case D1 will be 30; and 
“D2” is the calendar day, expressed as a number, immediately following the last 
day included in the Calculation Period, unless (i) that day is the last day of 
February but not the Maturity Date or (ii) such number would be 31, in which 
case D2 will be 30, 
provided, however, that in each such case the number of days in the Calculation Period is 
calculated from and including the first day of the Calculation Period to but excluding the last day 
of the Calculation Period;
“Discount Rate” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Early Redemption Amount (Tax)” means, in respect of any Book-entry Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Early Termination Amount” means, in respect of any Book-entry Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in these Book-entry Conditions or the relevant Final Terms; 
“EURIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the Euro zone interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a 
designated distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of the European Money 
Markets Institute (or any person which takes over the administration of that rate) (details of historic 
EURIBOR rates can be obtained from the designated distributor); 
“Extraordinary Resolution” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement;
“FA Selected Bond” means a government security or securities selected by the Financial Adviser as 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Book-entry Notes that 
would be utilised, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing 
new issues of corporate debt securities denominated in the same currency as the Book-entry Notes and of a 
comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Book-entry Notes; 
“Final Redemption Amount” means, in respect of any Book-entry Note, its principal amount or such 
other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Financial Adviser” means the entity so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or 
such entity is unable or unwilling to act, any financial adviser selected by the Issuer;
“Financial Indebtedness” means any indebtedness for or in respect of: 
(a)
moneys borrowed in whatever form; 
(b)
any amount raised by acceptance under any acceptance credit facility or dematerialised equivalent;

--- Page 81 ---
- 81 -
(c)
any amount raised pursuant to any note purchase facility or the issue of bonds, notes, debentures, 
loan stock or any similar instrument; 
(d)
the amount of any liability in respect of any lease or hire purchase contract which would, in 
accordance with the International Financial Reporting Standards (“IFRS EU”), be treated as a 
finance or capital lease; 
(e)
receivables sold or discounted (other than any receivables to the extent they are sold on a non- 
recourse basis); 
(f)
any amount raised under any other transaction (including any forward sale or purchase agreement) 
having the commercial effect of a borrowing, but excluding the deferred purchase price of assets 
or services acquired in the ordinary course of business or otherwise arising from normal trade 
credit; 
(g)
amounts representing the balance deferred and unpaid for a period of more than 365 days of the 
purchase price of any property except any amount that constitutes an accrued expense or trade 
payable; 
(h)
shares which are expressed to be redeemable; 
(i)
without double counting, any counter-indemnity obligation in respect of a guarantee, indemnity, 
bond, standby or documentary letter of credit or any other instrument issued by a bank or financial 
institution; and 
(j)
without double counting, the amount of any liability in respect of any guarantee or indemnity for 
any of the items referred to in paragraphs (a) to (i) above; 
“Fitch” means Fitch Ratings Ltd. or any of its respective successors or affiliates;  
“Fixed Coupon Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Group” means the Issuer and its Subsidiaries; 
“Independent Financial Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international and 
reputable standing appointed by the Issuer in good faith and at its own expense; 
“Interest Amount” means, in relation to a Book-entry Note and an Interest Period, the amount of interest 
payable in respect of that Book-entry Note for that Interest Period; 
“Interest Commencement Date” means the Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes or such other date as may 
be specified as the Interest Commencement Date in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Interest Determination Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;
“Interest Payment Date” means any date or dates specified as such in the relevant Final Terms and, if a 
Business Day Convention is specified in the relevant Final Terms: 
(a)
as the same may be adjusted in accordance with the relevant Business Day Convention; or 
(b)
if the Business Day Convention is the FRN Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar 
Convention and an interval of a number of calendar months is specified in the relevant Final 
Terms as being the Specified Period, each of such dates as may occur in accordance with the FRN 
Convention, Floating Rate Convention or Eurodollar Convention at such Specified Period of 
calendar months following the Interest Commencement Date (in the case of the first Interest 
Payment Date) or the previous Interest Payment Date (in any other case);

--- Page 82 ---
- 82 -
“Interest Period” means each period beginning on (and including) the Interest Commencement Date or 
any Interest Payment Date and ending on (but excluding) the next Interest Payment Date; 
“Investment Grade Rating” means the following Ratings: (a) with respect to Standard & Poor’s, any of 
the categories from and including AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (b) 
with respect to Moody’s, any of the categories from and including Aaa to and including Baa3 (or 
equivalent successor categories); and (c) with respect to Fitch, any of the categories from and including 
AAA to and including BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
 “ISDA Definitions” means the 2006 ISDA Definitions (as supplemented, amended and updated as at the 
date of issue of the first Tranche of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series (as specified in the relevant 
Final Terms) as published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc.); 
“Issue Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“LIBOR” means, in respect of any Specified Currency and any Specified Period, the interest rate 
benchmark known as the London interbank offered rate which is calculated and published by a designated 
distributor in accordance with the requirements from time to time of ICE Benchmark Administration 
Limited (or any other person which takes over the administration of that rate); 
“Make Whole Exemption Period” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Make Whole Reference Date” will be set out in the relevant notice of redemption, such date to fall no 
earlier than the date falling 30 days prior to the date of such notice; 
“Margin” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Material Subsidiary” means, at any relevant time, a Subsidiary of the Issuer: 
(a)
whose total assets or gross revenues (or, where the Subsidiary in question prepares consolidated 
financial statements, whose total consolidated assets or gross consolidated revenues) at any 
relevant time represent no less than 10 per cent. of the total consolidated assets or gross 
consolidated revenues, respectively, of the Group, as calculated by reference to the then latest 
consolidated audited accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Issuer and the latest 
accounts or six-monthly reports of each relevant Subsidiary (consolidated or, as the case may be, 
unconsolidated) prepared in accordance with IFRS EU, provided that in the case of a Subsidiary 
acquired after the end of the financial period to which the then latest consolidated audited 
accounts or consolidated six-monthly reports of the Issuer relate, then for the purpose of applying 
each of the foregoing tests, the reference to the Issuer’s latest consolidated audited accounts or 
consolidated six-monthly reports shall be deemed to be a reference to such accounts or reports as 
if such Subsidiary had been shown therein by reference to its then latest relevant financial 
statements, adjusted as deemed appropriate by the auditors of the Issuer for the time being after 
consultation with the Issuer; or 
(b)
to which is transferred all or substantially all of the assets and undertaking of a Subsidiary which, 
immediately prior to such transfer, is a Material Subsidiary; 
“Maturity Date” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Maximum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Minimum Redemption Amount” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Moody’s” means Moody’s Investors Service, Inc. or any of its respective successors or affiliates;  
a “Negative Rating Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at such time as there is no rating assigned 
to the Book-entry Notes by a Rating Agency (i) the Issuer does not, either prior to, or not later than 21

--- Page 83 ---
- 83 -
days after, the occurrence of the Change of Control of the Issuer seek, and thereafter throughout the 
Change of Control Period use all reasonable endeavours to obtain, a rating of the Book-entry Notes, or any 
other unsecured and unsubordinated debt of the Issuer or (ii) if the Issuer does so seek and use such 
endeavours, it is unable to obtain such a rating of at least Investment Grade Rating by the end of the 
Change of Control Period; 
“Non-Investment Grade Rating” means the following Ratings: (a) with respect to Standard & Poor’s, 
any of the categories below BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); (b) with respect to Moody’s, any of 
the categories below Baa3 (or equivalent successor categories); and (c) with respect to Fitch, any of the 
categories below BBB- (or equivalent successor categories); 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Call)” means, in respect of any Book-entry Note, its principal amount 
or such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Amount (Put)” means, in respect of any Book-entry Note, its principal amount or 
such other amount as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Optional Redemption Date (Call)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Optional Redemption Date (Put)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Participating Member State” means a Member State of the European Union which adopts the euro as 
its lawful currency in accordance with the Treaty; 
“Payment Business Day” means: 
(a)
if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is: 
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant principal financial centre of the currency of payment 
are open for payment of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on 
which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) Additional 
Financial Centre; or 
(b)
if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is: 
(i)
a day on which banks in the relevant principal financial centre of the currency of payment 
are open payment of debt securities and for dealings in foreign currencies; and 
(ii)
in the case of payment by transfer to an account, a day on which dealings in foreign 
currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment 
and in each (if any) Additional Financial Centre; 
“Permitted Security Interest” means any Security Interest created in respect of any Relevant 
Indebtedness of a company which has merged with the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries or which has been 
acquired by the Issuer or one of its Subsidiaries, provided that such security was already in existence at the 
time of the merger or the acquisition, was not created for the purpose of financing the merger or the 
acquisition and is not increased in amount and not extended following the merger or the acquisition; 
“Person” means any individual, company, corporation, firm, partnership, joint venture, association, 
organisation, state or agency of a state or other entity, whether or not having separate legal personality; 
“Principal Financial Centre” means, in relation to any currency, the principal financial centre for that 
currency provided, however, that: 
(a)
in relation to euro, it means the principal financial centre of such Member State of the European

--- Page 84 ---
- 84 -
Union as is selected (in the case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the 
Calculation Agent; and 
(b)
in relation to New Zealand dollars, it means either Wellington or Auckland as is selected (in the 
case of a payment) by the payee or (in the case of a calculation) by the Calculation Agent; 
“Pro Forma Unencumbered Total Assets Value” means the Unencumbered Total Assets Value as at the 
relevant Reference Date adjusted to include any event that has increased or decreased the Unencumbered 
Total Assets Value between the relevant Reference Date and the corresponding Reporting Date; and 
“Pro Forma Unsecured Debt” means the Unsecured Debt as at the relevant Reference Date adjusted to 
include any event that has increased or decreased the Unsecured Debt between the relevant Reference Date 
and the corresponding Reporting Date. 
“Put Option Notice” means a notice which must be delivered to the Spanish Paying Agent by any 
Noteholder wanting to exercise a right to redeem a Book-entry Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Put Option Receipt” means a receipt issued by the Spanish Paying Agent to a depositing Noteholder 
upon deposit of a Book-entry Note with such Spanish Paying Agent by any Noteholder wanting to exercise 
a right to redeem a Book-entry Note at the option of the Noteholder; 
“Rate of Interest” means the rate or rates (expressed as a percentage per annum) of interest payable in 
respect of the Book-entry Notes specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Rating Agency” means Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s; and 
“Ratings” means any ratings that may be assigned to the Book-entry Notes by a Rating Agency from time 
to time, at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition. 
“Redemption Amount” means, as appropriate, the Final Redemption Amount, the Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), the Optional Redemption Amount (Call), the Optional Redemption Amount (Put), the 
Early Termination Amount or such other amount in the nature of a redemption amount as may be specified 
in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Redemption Margin” will be as set out in the applicable Final Terms; 
“Reference Banks” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms or, if none, four major banks 
selected by an Independent Financial Adviser which are primary European government security dealers, 
and their respective successors, or market makers in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Bond” shall be the bond so specified in the applicable Final Terms or, if not so specified or if 
no longer available, the FA Selected Bond; 
“Reference Bond Price” means, with respect to any date of redemption: (a) the arithmetic average of the 
Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations for such date of redemption, after excluding the highest 
and lowest such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations; or (b) if the Financial Adviser obtains 
fewer than four such Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations, the arithmetic average of all such 
quotations; 
“Reference Bond Rate” means, with respect to any date of redemption, the rate per annum equal to the 
annual or semi-annual yield (as the case may be) to maturity or interpolated yield to maturity (on the 
relevant day count basis) of the Reference Bond, assuming a price for the Reference Bond (expressed as a 
percentage of its nominal amount) equal to the Reference Bond Price for such date of redemption; 
“Reference Date” means 30 June and 31 December of each year as the context requires; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer” means each of five banks selected by the Issuer, or their affiliates, 
which are (a) primary government securities dealers, and their respective successors, or (b) market makers

--- Page 85 ---
- 85 -
in pricing corporate bond issues; 
“Reference Government Bond Dealer Quotations” means, with respect to each Reference Government 
Bond Dealer and any date for redemption, the arithmetic average, as determined by the Calculation Agent, 
of the bid and offered prices for the Reference Bond (expressed in each case as a percentage of its nominal 
amount) at the Quotation Time specified in the applicable Final Terms on the Make Whole Reference Date 
quoted in writing to the Calculation Agent by such Reference Government Bond Dealer; 
“Reference Price” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Reference Rate” means SONIA, EURIBOR or LIBOR as specified in the relevant Final Terms in respect 
of the currency and period specified in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Regular Period” means: 
(a)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular 
payments, each period from and including the Interest Commencement Date to but excluding the 
first Interest Payment Date and each successive period from and including one Interest Payment 
Date to but excluding the next Interest Payment Date; 
(b)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from the first Interest Period, interest is scheduled to 
be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and including a Regular Date falling 
in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where “Regular Date” means the day and 
month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date falls; and 
(c)
in the case of Book-entry Notes where, apart from one Interest Period other than the first Interest 
Period, interest is scheduled to be paid only by means of regular payments, each period from and 
including a Regular Date falling in any year to but excluding the next Regular Date, where 
“Regular Date” means the day and month (but not the year) on which any Interest Payment Date 
falls other than the Interest Payment Date falling at the end of the irregular Interest Period. 
“Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement” means any public announcement or statement 
by the Issuer, any actual or potential bidder or any adviser acting on behalf of any actual or potential 
bidder relating to any potential Change of Control of the Issuer where within 180 days following the date 
of such announcement or statement, a Change of Control of the Issuer occurs; 
“Relevant Date” means, in relation to any payment, whichever is the later of (a) the date on which the 
payment in question first becomes due and (b) if the full amount payable has not been received in the 
Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment by the Spanish Paying Agent on or prior to such due 
date, the date on which (the full amount having been so received) notice to that effect has been given to the 
Noteholders;  
“Relevant Financial Centre” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Relevant Indebtedness” means any indebtedness which is in the form of, or represented or evidenced by, 
bonds, notes, debentures, loan stock or other securities which for the time being are, or are intended to be 
or capable of being, quoted, listed or dealt in or traded on any stock exchange or over-the-counter or other 
securities market; 
“Relevant Screen Page” means the page, section or other part of a particular information service 
(including, without limitation, Reuters) specified as the Relevant Screen Page in the relevant Final Terms, 
or such other page, section or other part as may replace it on that information service or such other 
information service, in each case, as may be nominated by the Person providing or sponsoring the 
information appearing there for the purpose of displaying rates or prices comparable to the Reference Rate; 
“Relevant Time” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;

--- Page 86 ---
- 86 -
“Remaining Term Interest” means with respect to any Book-entry Note, the aggregate amount of 
scheduled payment(s) of interest on such Book-entry Note for the remaining term of such Book-entry Note 
determined on the basis of the rate of interest applicable to such Book-entry Note from and including the 
date on which such Book-entry Note is to be redeemed by the Issuer in accordance with Condition 10(c). 
“Reporting Date” means a date falling no later than 30 days after (i) the approval by the Issuer’s General 
Shareholders’ Meeting of the audited consolidated financial statements of the Issuer, with respect to a 
Reference Date falling on 31 December, or (ii) the approval by the Issuer’s board of directors of the 
Issuer’s semi-annual consolidated financial statements, with respect to a Reference Date falling on 30 June; 
“Reserved Matter” means any proposal to change any date fixed for payment of principal or interest in 
respect of the Book-entry Notes, to reduce the amount of principal or interest payable on any date in 
respect of the Book-entry Notes, to alter the method of calculating the amount of any payment in respect 
of the Book-entry Notes or the date for any such payment, to change the currency of any payment under 
the Book-entry Notes or to change the quorum requirements relating to meetings or the majority required 
to pass an Extraordinary Resolution; 
“Secured Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, that portion of the Total Debt that is secured by a 
Security Interest on any assets of the Group; 
“Security Interest” means, without duplication, any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other security 
interest or other preferential interest or arrangement having a similar economic effect, excluding any right 
of set-off, but including any conditional sale or other title retention arrangement or any finance leases;  
“SFL” means the French company Société Fonçière Lyonnaise S.A.; 
“Similar Security” means a reference bond or reference bonds issued by the German Federal Government 
having an actual or interpolated maturity comparable with the remaining term of the Book-entry Notes that 
would be used, at the time of selection and in accordance with customary financial practice, in pricing new 
issues of corporate debt securities of comparable maturity to the remaining term of the Book-entry Notes; 
“Specified Currency” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms; 
“Specified Denomination(s)” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Specified Office” has the meaning given in the Agency Agreement; 
“Specified Period” has the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms;  
“Standard & Poor’s” means S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España or any of its 
respective successors or affiliates;  
“Subsidiary” means any entity whose financial statements at any time are required by law or in 
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles to be fully consolidated with those of the Issuer; 
“Substantial Purchase Event” shall be deemed to have occurred if at least 80 per cent. of the aggregate 
principal amount of the Book-entry Notes of the relevant Series originally issued (which for these 
purposes shall include any further Book-entry Notes of the same Series issued subsequently) is purchased 
by the Issuer or any Subsidiary of the Issuer (and in each case is cancelled in accordance with Condition 
10(l)); 
 “TARGET2” means the Trans-European Automated Real-Time Gross Settlement Express Transfer 
payment system or any successor thereto; 
“TARGET Settlement Day” means any day on which TARGET2 is open for the settlement of payments 
in euro; 
“TARGET System” means the TARGET2 system;

--- Page 87 ---
- 87 -
“Total Assets of the Group” means, as at each Reference Date, the aggregate value of the total assets of 
the Group as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-
annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) prepared as of the relevant Reference Date 
according to IFRS EU and adjusted to exclude any intangible assets and to include the unrealised capital 
gain arising from the revaluation of the assets for own use as reported in the relevant financial statements; 
“Total Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, the aggregate amount of all Financial Indebtedness of the 
Group as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-
annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) for that Reference Date, excluding any derivative 
transaction entered into in connection with protection against or benefit from fluctuation of interest rates; 
“Treaty” means the Treaty establishing the European Communities, as amended; 
“Voting Rights” means, in respect of any person, the right generally to vote at a general meeting of 
shareholders of such person (irrespective of whether or not, at the time, stock of any other class or classes 
shall have, or might have, voting power by reason of the happening of any contingency). 
“Unencumbered Total Assets Value” means, as at each Reference Date, the value of the Total Assets of 
the Group which are not subject to a Security Interest as shown in the Issuer’s audited annual consolidated 
financial statements or in the Issuer’s semi-annual consolidated financial statements (as applicable) 
prepared as of the relevant Reference Date;  
“Unsecured Debt” means, as at each Reference Date, that portion of the Total Debt that is not Secured 
Debt; and 
“Zero Coupon Note” means a Book-entry Note specified as such in the relevant Final Terms. 
(b)
Interpretation: In these Book-entry Conditions: 
(i)
any reference to principal shall be deemed to include the Redemption Amount, any additional 
amounts in respect of principal which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation), any 
premium payable in respect of a Book-entry Note and any other amount in the nature of principal 
payable pursuant to these Book-entry Conditions; 
(ii)
any reference to interest shall be deemed to include any additional amounts in respect of interest 
which may be payable under Condition 12 (Taxation) and any other amount in the nature of 
interest payable pursuant to these Book-entry Conditions; 
(iii)
references to Book-entry Notes being “outstanding” shall be construed in accordance with the 
Agency Agreement;  
(iv)
if an expression is stated in Condition 2(a) to have the meaning given in the relevant Final Terms, 
but the relevant Final Terms gives no such meaning or specifies that such expression is “not 
applicable” then such expression is not applicable to the Book-entry Notes; and 
(v)
any reference to the Agency Agreement or the Spanish Agency Agreement shall be construed as a 
reference to the Agency Agreement or the Spanish Agency Agreement, respectively, as amended 
and/or supplemented up to and including the Issue Date of the Book-entry Notes. 
3.
Form, Denomination and Title 
Form and denomination 
The Book-entry Notes will be issued in uncertificated, dematerialised book-entry form (anotaciones en 
cuenta) in the aggregate nominal amount (the “Aggregate Nominal Amount”), specified denomination 
(the “Specified Denomination”) and specified currency (the “Specified Currency”) shown in the relevant

--- Page 88 ---
- 88 -
Final Terms provided that the minimum Specified Denomination shall be €100,000 (or its equivalent in 
any other currency as at the date of issue of the relevant Book-entry Notes). 
Registration, clearing and settlement 
The Book-entry Notes will be registered with the Spanish Sociedad de Gestión de los Sistemas de 
Registro, Compensación y Liquidación de Valores, S.A., Unipersonal (“Iberclear”), which is the Spanish 
Central Securities Depository, with its registered office at Plaza de la Lealtad, 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain. 
Holders of a beneficial interest in the Book-entry Notes who do not have, directly or indirectly through 
their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear may hold the Book-entry Notes through bridge 
accounts maintained by each of Euroclear Bank SA/NV (“Euroclear”) and Clearstream Banking, S.A. 
(“Clearstream, Luxembourg”) with Iberclear. Iberclear will manage the settlement of the Book-entry 
Notes, notwithstanding the Issuer’s commitment to assist, when appropriate, on the settlement of the 
Book-entry Notes through Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
The information concerning the International Securities Identification Number Code of the Book-entry 
Notes (the “ISIN”) will be stated in the Final Terms. 
Title and transfer 
Title to the Book-entry Notes will be evidenced by book-entries and each person shown in the central 
registry managed (the “Spanish Central Registry”) by Iberclear and in the registries maintained by the 
respective participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear (the “Iberclear Members”) as being 
the holder of the Book-entry Notes shall be considered the holder of the principal amount of the Book-
entry Notes recorded therein. In these Book-entry Conditions, the “Holder” of a Book-entry Note means 
the person in whose name such Book-entry Note is for the time being registered in the Spanish Central 
Registry managed by Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member accounting book and 
“Noteholder” shall be construed accordingly and when appropriate, means owners of a beneficial interest 
in the Book-entry Notes.  
One or more certificates (each, a “Certificate”) attesting to the relevant Noteholder’s holding of the Book-
entry Notes in the relevant registry will be delivered by the relevant Iberclear Member or, where the 
Holder is itself an Iberclear Member, by Iberclear (in each case, in accordance with the requirements of 
Spanish law and the relevant Iberclear Member’s or, as the case may be, Iberclear’s procedures) to such 
Holder upon such Holder’s request. 
The Book-entry Notes are issued without any restrictions on their free transferability. Consequently, the 
Book-entry Notes may be transferred and title to the Book-entry Notes may pass (subject to Spanish law 
and to compliance with all applicable rules, restrictions and requirements of Iberclear or, as the case may 
be, the relevant Iberclear Member) upon registration in the relevant registry of each Iberclear Member and 
/ or Iberclear itself, as applicable. Each Holder will be treated as the legitimate owner (titular legítimo) of 
the relevant Book-entry Notes for all purposes (whether or not it is overdue and regardless of any notice of 
ownership, trust or any interest or any writing on, or the theft or loss of, the Certificate issued in respect of 
it) and no person will be liable for so treating the Holder. 
4.
Status
The Book-entry Notes constitute (subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge)) direct, 
unconditional, unsubordinated and unsecured obligations of the Issuer and shall at all time rank pari passu
and without any preference among themselves except for any applicable legal and statutory exceptions. 
Upon insolvency (concurso) of the Issuer, the obligations of the Issuer under the Book-entry Notes shall 
(except for any applicable legal and statutory exceptions) at all times rank at least equally with all other 
unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Issuer (unless they qualify as subordinated debts under 
Article 281 of the consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 
May (Real Decreto Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley 
Concursal) (the “Spanish Insolvency Law”) or equivalent legal provisions which replace it in the future).  
Subject to the provisions of Condition 5 (Negative Pledge), in the event of insolvency (concurso) of the 
Issuer, under the Spanish Insolvency Law, claims relating to the Book-entry Notes (which are not 
subordinated pursuant to Article 281 of the Spanish Insolvency Law) will be ordinary credits (créditos 
ordinarios) as defined in the Spanish Insolvency Law. Ordinary credits rank junior to credits against the

--- Page 89 ---
- 89 -
insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa) and credits with a privilege (créditos privilegiados). Ordinary 
credits rank senior to subordinated credits. 
Pursuant to Article 152 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, the accrual of interest (other than any interest 
accruing under secured liabilities up to an amount equal to the value of the asset subject to the security) 
shall be suspended as from the date of declaration of the insolvency of the Issuer. Interest on the Book-
entry Notes accrued but unpaid as of the commencement of any insolvency procedure of the Issuer shall 
constitute subordinated claims against the Issuer ranking in accordance with the provisions of Article 281 
of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
5.
Negative Pledge 
So long as any Book-entry Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
will not, and will ensure that none of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL will create, or have 
outstanding, any Security Interest (other than a Permitted Security Interest), upon the whole or any part of 
its present or future undertaking, assets or revenues (including any uncalled capital) to secure any Relevant 
Indebtedness or to secure any guarantee or indemnity in respect of any Relevant Indebtedness, without at 
the same time or prior thereto according to the Book-entry Notes the same security as is created or 
subsisting to secure any such Relevant Indebtedness, guarantee or indemnity or such other security as shall 
be approved by an Extraordinary Resolution (as defined in the Agency Agreement) of the Noteholders. 
6.
Covenants 
For so long as any Book-entry Note remains outstanding (as defined in the Agency Agreement), the Issuer 
shall: 
(a)
Unencumbered Assets: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Unencumbered Total Assets Value will 
be at least equal to the Unsecured Debt; 
(b)
Loan-to-Value Ratio: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Loan-to-Value Ratio will be equal to or 
lower than 55%;  
If the Loan-to-Value Ratio exceeds 55% as at each Reference Date, the Issuer undertakes to adopt the 
appropriate measures in order to restore the Loan-to-Value Ratio, including (without limitation) by means 
of a repayment of Indebtedness by making: 
(i)
equity contributions from the shareholders; or  
(ii)
assets disposals (which proceeds shall be applied for the repayment of Indebtedness), 
in either case within 6 months (the “LVR Rebalance Period”) following the date on which the Issuer first 
becomes aware that the Loan-to-Value Ratio exceeds 55% (the “LVR Rebalance Remedy”).  
(c)
Interest Coverage Ratio: ensure that as at each Reference Date the Interest Coverage Ratio will be equal to 
or higher than 2.00x; 
(d)
Notice to Noteholders: In addition to Condition 6(e) below, in the event that as at any Reference Date any 
covenant in Condition 6(a) to 6(c) above is breached (and, in the case of the covenants in Condition 6(a) 
and Condition 6(b), has not been remedied or a remedy is no longer available, as applicable), promptly 
(and in any event no later than the following relevant Reporting Date) notify the Noteholders in 
accordance with Condition 19 (Notices); and 
(e)
Certificate: deliver a certificate to the Noteholders through the Spanish Paying Agent on each Reporting 
Date signed by one Authorised Officer of the Issuer, certifying that the Issuer is in compliance with the 
covenants set out in Conditions 6(a) to 6(c) above at the relevant Reference Date (or, if applicable, in 
respect of the covenant in Condition 6(a) only, is in compliance as at the relevant Reporting Date or in 
respect of the covenant in Condition 6(b) only, has been, and is, in compliance subject to the exercise of 
the LVR Rebalance Remedy), and containing (i) the formulae for the calculation of the relevant covenant, 
and (ii) a statement as to the correctness of such formulae. The Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders

--- Page 90 ---
- 90 -
through the Spanish Paying Agent a separate report issued by the Issuer’s auditors setting out the 
procedures used to calculate the relevant covenant and reviewing the application of the formulae certified 
by the Issuer. 
(f)
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 6: 
“Acceptable Bank” means any bank or financial institution enjoying a rating of BB+ or above from Standard & 
Poor’s or Fitch, or of Ba1 or above from Moody’s.  
“CAPEX” means the costs related to the new construction relating to office buildings, maintenance and 
refurbishment of the Rental Assets. 
“Cash” means, at any time, a cash amount, immediately available or deposited into an account held by the Issuer 
or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, of which the Issuer or its wholly owned Subsidiaries are the sole holders 
and beneficiaries, provided that: 
(v)
said cash is repayable within 30 days following the relevant calculation date; 
(vi)
the cash reimbursement does not depend on the prior payment of any other debt from any Group 
member or other person, or on the meeting of any other condition;  
(vii)
there is no security over said that impedes its availability by the Issuer or its wholly owned 
Subsidiaries; and  
(viii)
the cash amount is free and (except as provided in (i) above) immediately available for use 
towards early repayment of the Notes.  
“Cash-Equivalent Investments” means, at all times:  
(i)
deposit certificates with a maturity date within the year following the relevant calculation date, 
issued by an Acceptable Bank or other entity with a similar rating; 
(ii)
any investment in negotiable debt obligations, issued by the government of the United States of 
America, the United Kingdom, any member of the European Economic Area, any Participating 
Member State, or any instrumental company or agency of any of these enjoying an equivalent 
rating, with maturity date within the year following the relevant calculation date, not convertible 
or exchangeable for any other title;  
(iii)
a promissory note not able to be converted or exchanged for any other title:  
(a)
for which there is a recognised trading market; 
(b)
issued by an issuer incorporated in the United States of America, the United Kingdom, 
any member state of the European Economic Area or any Participating Member State; 
(c)
with maturity during the year following the relevant calculation date; and 
(d)
enjoying a rating of A-1 or more, from Standard & Poor’s, or F1 or above from Fitch, or 
P-1 or above from Moody’s, or, if the promissory note is rated by an issuer with an 
equivalent rating in relation to its unsecured long-term debt obligations, whose rating 
has not increased; 
(iv)
any negotiable instrument entitled to a discount by the Bank of Spain or European Central Bank 
and, in any case, accepted by an Acceptable Bank or other similarly rated entity (or its equivalent 
uncapitalised amount); 
(v)
any investment accessible within a 30-day term in monetary market funds, which (i) enjoys a 
rating of A-1 or above from Standard & Poor’s, or F1 or above from Fitch, or P-1 or above from 
Moody’s, and (ii) essentially invests all its assets in securities of the kind described in (i) to (iv) 
above

--- Page 91 ---
- 91 -
in any case, which are owned exclusively by the Issuer or any member of the Group (excluding SFL), not issued or 
secured by any Group member or subject to any security granted in favour of third parties not belonging to the 
Group. 
“Current Assets” mean the commercial credit rights and other current assets, with maturity of less than 12 months 
after their computation date, excluding: 
(i)
Cash and Cash-Equivalent Investments;  
(ii)
credit rights related to Tax; 
(iii)
extraordinary items, exceptional items and other non-operating items; and 
(iv)
insurance claims. 
“Current Liabilities” means the liabilities (including trade creditors and other current liabilities and accrued 
expenses) falling due within 12 months from the date of computation but excluding: 
(i)
Indebtedness; 
(ii)
liabilities for Tax; 
(iii)
extraordinary items, exceptional items and other non-operating items; and 
(iv)
insurance claims. 
“EBITDA” means the difference between Rental Income and Operating Expenses. 
“EPRA NAV” means the latest net asset value (excluding transfer costs) provided by a company that follows the 
rules of the European Public Real Estate Association (EPRA). 
“General Costs” all costs incurred by the Issuer or any of its 100% owned Subsidiaries that cannot be directly 
attributed to any Rental Assets, specifically including, without limitation, staff expenses and costs, expenses and 
costs incurred by advisors, remuneration of the Board of Directors, banking services, expenses and costs related to 
advertising and public relations (excluding those one off extraordinary costs or expenses incurred once and which 
are not susceptible to be repeated in the future). 
“Indebtedness” means, at all times, the sum of all amounts due by a debtor by virtue of the following:  
(i)
amounts borrowed on loan (whether under a loan agreement or a credit facility); 
(ii)
amounts resulting from the issue of bonds, obligations, promissory notes, bills of exchange or 
any other similar instrument; 
(iii)
amounts due by virtue of financial leasing agreements; 
(iv)
amounts received further to the assignment or discount of bills, commercial effects and other 
credit rights except for (i) non-recourse assignments; and (ii) the invoices set up by means of the 
“Norma 19”;  
(v)
amounts obtained through any other interest-bearing operation with the same commercial effects 
as a loan (including trading with futures or sales subject to a repurchase option); 
(vi)
transactions with derivative instruments that are not used to hedge the interest rate risk or 
currency fluctuation risk in relation to any financial indebtedness or that can be considered 
speculative (on the understanding that such transactions will be valued in market value terms);  
(vii)
counterguarantees granted in connection with endorsements or any other financial guarantees 
issued by credit entities (without double counting); and

--- Page 92 ---
- 92 -
(viii)
without double-counting, the amount of any due and payable liability in respect of any guarantee 
or indemnity for any of the items referred to in paragraphs (i) to (vii) above. 
“Interest Coverage Ratio” means, on each Reference Date, the percentage ratio resulting from dividing (i) the 
Recurring Cash Flow (based on the 12 months immediately preceding the relevant Reference Date) by (ii) the 
interest paid under the Total Colonial Debt (based on the 12 months immediately preceding the relevant Reference 
Date). 
“Loan-to-Value Ratio” means the percentage ratio resulting from dividing the:  
(i)
Total Colonial Debt, by the 
(ii)
Total Asset Value of Colonial, 
with respect to each Reference Date. 
“Operating Expenses” means any expenses incurred (or to be incurred, as the case may be), in relation to any 
Rental Asset of the Issuer or any of its 100% owned Subsidiaries, which are necessary for its adequate operation 
and maintenance further to accounting standards applicable in Spain, including without limitation: repairs, 
maintenance, warranty, taxes, insurance, marketing. 
“Recurring Cash Flow” means (without double counting) the result of:  
(i)
EBITDA (which includes, for the sake of clarity, the real property tax),  
(ii)
plus the dividends of its Subsidiaries (including Torre Marenostrum, S.L.) not entirely owned,  
(iii)
minus the General Costs,  
(iv)
plus/minus any changes in Working Capital (Spain),  
(v)
plus/minus any maintenance CAPEX (Spain).  
“Rental Assets” means any real estate assets owned by the Issuer or its 100% owned Subsidiaries, actually 
generating (or which could potentially generate) Rental Income. 
“Rental Income” means all amounts paid or payable to (or to the benefit of) the Issuer, derived from the lease, use, 
enjoyment or occupation of all or part of the Rental Assets owned by the Issuer or companies in which the Issuer 
holds 100% of their shares, including (without limitation and without double counting): 
(i)
leases, licence duties and equivalent sums, reserved or payable;  
(ii)
insurance income for the loss of leases or lease interests; 
(iii)
bills for the execution, cancellation or change of any lease, or the fair value thereof; 
(iv)
any income from service costs related to any lease; 
(v)
payments made due to the breach of an obligation or damage caused under any lease to the 
Rental Assets, and for expenses incurred in relation to such breach; 
(vi)
any unrecoverable contribution made by a tenant under a lease; 
(vii)
interest, damages or compensation in relation to any of the items within the definition; and 
(viii)
any payment or other distribution received or collected from a guarantor, or other security over 
any of the items listed in this definition.
“SFL Shares” means the shares representing the capital stock of SFL. 
“SFL Shares Owned by Colonial”  means the SFL Shares that at any given time are owned, directly or indirectly, 
by the Issuer.

--- Page 93 ---
- 93 -
“Tax” means any tax, duty, rate, levy or other charge or withholding of a similar nature (including any sanction or 
default interest accrued in relation to any non-payment or delayed payment thereof). 
“Total Asset Value of Colonial” means the value resulting from adding:  
(i)
the market value of the real estate assets held by the Issuer and its wholly owned Subsidiaries, 
according to the latest Valuation Report; plus  
(ii)
the number of SFL Shares Owned by Colonial, multiplied by the latest EPRA NAV of SFL; plus 
(iii)
the net asset value of the shares and participations of Subsidiaries not entirely owned, directly or 
indirectly held by the Issuer; plus 
(iv)
the Treasury Shares, valued in accordance with the latest reported net asset value.
“Total Colonial Debt” means the amount drawn down and pending repayment as Indebtedness undertaken by the 
Issuer and/or any of its wholly owned Subsidiaries, any interest accrued and not paid under said Indebtedness; and 
any other liquid amount not paid to the relevant creditors, all net of Cash and the Cash-Equivalent Investments of 
the Issuer. 
“Treasury Shares” means the Shares of the Issuer that at any given time are owned by the Issuer.  
“Valuer” means CBRE, Jones Lang Lasalle, Cushman & Wakefield, Savills, Aguirre Newman or Knight Frank or, 
such other entity of recognised international standing as may be selected by the Issuer.  
“Valuation Report” means the latest “RICS” (Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors Appraisal and Valuation 
Standards) Valuation Report for the real estate assets of the Issuer (and its Subsidiaries -excluding SFL-), issued by 
the Valuer within six months before the date on which it will be used to determine the Total Asset Value of 
Colonial. 
“Working Capital” means, at any date, the Issuer’s Current Assets minus its Current Liabilities 
7.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions  
(a)
Application: This Condition 7 (Fixed Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry Notes only if 
the Fixed Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 12 
(Payments). Each Book-entry Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless 
payment of the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to 
bear interest in accordance with this Condition 7 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the 
earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Book-entry Note up to that day are received 
by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Spanish Paying 
Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up 
to such seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment).  
(c)
Fixed Coupon Amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Book-entry Note for any Interest 
Period shall be the relevant Fixed Coupon Amount. 
(d)
Calculation of interest amount: The amount of interest payable in respect of each Note for any period for 
which a Fixed Coupon Amount is not specified shall be calculated by applying the Rate of Interest to the 
Calculation Amount, multiplying the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting 
figure to the nearest sub-unit of the Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and 
multiplying such rounded figure by a fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of such Book-entry 
Note divided by the Calculation Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency 
other than euro, the lowest amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such 
currency and, in the case of euro, means one cent.

--- Page 94 ---
- 94 -
8.
Floating Rate Note Provisions (other than Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA) 
(a)
Application: This Condition 8 (Floating Rate Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry Notes only 
if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable. 
(b)
Accrual of interest: The Book-entry Notes bear interest from the Interest Commencement Date at the Rate 
of Interest payable in arrear on each Interest Payment Date, subject as provided in Condition 11 
(Payments). Each Note will cease to bear interest from the due date for final redemption unless payment of 
the Redemption Amount is improperly withheld or refused, in which case it will continue to bear interest 
in accordance with this Condition 8 (as well after as before judgment) until whichever is the earlier of (i) 
the day on which all sums due in respect of such Book-entry Note up to that day are received by or on 
behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is seven days after the Spanish Paying Agent has 
notified the Noteholders that it has received all sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up to such 
seventh day (except to the extent that there is any subsequent default in payment). 
(c)
Screen Rate Determination: If Screen Rate Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the 
manner in which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Book-
entry Notes for each Interest Period will be (other than in respect of Notes for which SONIA is specified 
as the Reference Rate in the relevant Final Terms) determined by the Calculation Agent on the following 
basis: 
(i)
if the Reference Rate is a composite quotation or customarily supplied by one entity, the 
Calculation Agent will determine the Reference Rate which appears on the Relevant Screen Page 
as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date; 
(ii)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates which appear on the Relevant 
Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest Determination Date, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the relevant Interest Period were the period of time 
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period; 
provided, however, that if no rate is available for a period of time next shorter or, as the case may 
be, next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period, then the Calculation Agent shall 
determine such rate at such time and by reference to such sources as it determines appropriate; 
(iii)
in any other case, the Calculation Agent will determine the arithmetic mean of the Reference 
Rates which appear on the Relevant Screen Page as of the Relevant Time on the relevant Interest 
Determination Date; 
(iv)
if, in the case of (i) above, such rate does not appear on that page or, in the case of (iii) above, 
fewer than two such rates appear on that page or if, in either case, the Relevant Screen Page is 
unavailable, an Independent Financial Adviser shall: 
(A)
request the principal Relevant Financial Centre office of each of the Reference Banks to 
provide a quotation of the Reference Rate at approximately the Relevant Time on the 
Interest Determination Date to prime banks in the Relevant Financial Centre interbank 
market in an amount that is representative for a single transaction in that market at that 
time; and  
(B)
determine the arithmetic mean of such quotations; and 
(v)
if fewer than two such quotations are provided as requested, an Independent Financial Adviser

--- Page 95 ---
- 95 -
shall determine the arithmetic mean of the rates (being the nearest to the Reference Rate, as 
determined by the Calculation Agent) quoted by any one or more major banks in the Principal 
Financial Centre of the Specified Currency, selected by the Independent Financial Adviser, at 
approximately 11.00 a.m. (local time in the Principal Financial Centre of the Specified Currency) 
on the first day of the relevant Interest Period for loans in the Specified Currency to leading 
European banks for a period equal to the relevant Interest Period and in an amount that is 
representative for a single transaction in that market at that time, 
and the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case 
may be) the arithmetic mean so determined; provided, however, that if the Calculation Agent is unable to 
determine a rate or (as the case may be) an arithmetic mean in accordance with the above provisions in 
relation to any Interest Period, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Book-entry Notes during such Interest 
Period will be the sum of the Margin and the rate or (as the case may be) the arithmetic mean last 
determined in relation to the Book-entry Notes in respect of a preceding Interest Period. 
(vi)
Benchmark Replacement:  
(i)
If a Benchmark Event occurs in relation to an Original Reference Rate when any Rate of 
Interest (or any component part thereof) remains to be determined by reference to such Original 
Reference Rate, then the Issuer shall notify the Calculation Agent of the occurrence of such 
Benchmark Event and use its reasonable endeavours to appoint as soon as reasonably 
practicable, at the Issuer’s own expense, an Independent Adviser to determine a Successor Rate, 
failing which an Alternative Rate (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii)) and, in either 
case, an Adjustment Spread (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) and any Benchmark 
Amendments (in accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)( v)). 
An Independent Adviser appointed pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(vi)(i) shall act in good faith 
and in consultation with the Issuer. In the absence of bad faith or fraud, the Independent Adviser 
shall have no liability whatsoever to the Issuer, the Spanish Paying Agent, the Calculation 
Agent or the Noteholders for any determination made by it or for any advice given to the Issuer 
in connection with any determination made by the Issuer, pursuant to this Condition 8(c)(vi). 
(ii)
If the Issuer is unable to appoint an Independent Adviser or the Independent Adviser appointed 
by it fails to determine a Successor Rate or, failing which, an Alternative Rate in accordance 
with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii) prior to the relevant Interest Determination Date, the Rate of 
Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period shall be equal to the Rate of Interest 
last determined in relation to the Book-entry Notes in respect of the preceding Interest Period 
(or alternatively if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, the rate of interest shall be 
the initial Rate of Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the Margin that applied to 
such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the relevant Interest 
Period). For the avoidance of doubt, this Condition 8(c)(vi)(ii) shall apply to the relevant 
Interest Period only and any subsequent Interest Periods are subject to the subsequent operation 
of, and to adjustment as provided in, this Condition 8(c)(vi). 
(iii)
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines that: 
(C)
there is a Successor Rate, then such Successor Rate shall (subject to adjustment as 
provided in Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) subsequently be used in place of the Original 
Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the relevant component part thereof) 
for all future payments of interest on the Book-entry Notes (subject to the operation of 
this Condition 8(c)(vi)); or
(D)
there is no Successor Rate but that there is an Alternative Rate, then such Alternative 
Rate shall (subject to adjustment as provided in Condition 8(c)(vi)(iv)) subsequently be 
used in place of the Original Reference Rate to determine the Rate of Interest (or the 
relevant component part thereof) for all future payments of interest on the Book-entry 
Notes (subject to the operation of this Condition 8(c)(vi)).

--- Page 96 ---
- 96 -
(iv)
If the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines (i) that an Adjustment Spread is required to be applied to the Successor Rate or the 
Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and (ii) the quantum of, or a formula or methodology for 
determining, such Adjustment Spread, then such Adjustment Spread shall be applied to the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be). 
(v)
If any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate or Adjustment Spread is determined in accordance with 
this Condition 8(c)(vi) and the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable 
manner and in good faith, determines (i) that amendments to these Book-entry Conditions, the 
Spanish Agency Agreement and/or the Agency Agreement are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread (such 
amendments, the “Benchmark Amendments”) and (ii) the terms of the Benchmark 
Amendments, then the Issuer shall, subject to giving notice thereof in accordance with 
Condition 8(c)(vi)(vi), without any requirement for the consent or approval of Noteholders, 
vary these Book-entry Conditions, the Spanish Agency Agreement and/or the Agency 
Agreement to give effect to such Benchmark Amendments (provided that the Benchmark 
Amendments do not, without the prior agreement of the Spanish Paying Agent, the Paying 
Agents or the Calculation Agent, as applicable, have the effect of increasing the obligations or 
duties, or decreasing the rights or protections, of the Spanish Paying Agent, each Paying Agent 
or the Calculation Agent under these Book-entry Conditions, the Spanish Agency Agreement 
and/or the Agency Agreement) with effect from the date specified in such notice.  
(vi)
Any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and the specific terms of any 
Benchmark Amendments, determined under this Condition 8(c)(vi) will be notified promptly by 
the Issuer to the Calculation Agent, the Spanish Paying Agent and, in accordance with 
Condition 19 (Notices), the Noteholders. Such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the 
effective date (which shall not be less than five Business Days prior to the next Interest 
Determination Date) of the Benchmark Amendments, if any.  
(vii)
No later than notifying the Spanish Paying Agent of the same, the Issuer shall deliver to the 
Fiscal Agent a certificate signed by two authorised signatories of the Issuer:  
(A)
confirming (x) that a Benchmark Event has occurred, (y) the relevant Successor Rate, or, 
as the case may be, the relevant Alternative Rate and, (z) where applicable, any relevant 
Adjustment Spread and/or the specific terms of any relevant Benchmark Amendments, 
in each case as determined in accordance with the provisions of this Condition 8(vi); and 
(B)
certifying that the relevant Benchmark Amendments are necessary to ensure the proper 
operation of such relevant Successor Rate, Alternative Rate and/or Adjustment Spread.  
(viii)
The Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and the Adjustment Spread and the Benchmark 
Amendments (if any) specified in such certificate will (in the absence of manifest error or bad 
faith in the determination of such Successor Rate or Alternative Rate and such Adjustment 
Spread and such Benchmark Amendments (if any)) be binding on the Issuer, the Spanish 
Paying Agent, the Calculation Agent, the Paying Agents and the Noteholders.  
(ix)
Without prejudice to Conditions 8(c)(vi)(i) to 8(c)(vi)(v), the Original Reference Rate and the 
other fallback provisions provided for in Condition 8(c) will continue to apply unless and until 
a Benchmark Event has occurred. 
(x)
Notwithstanding any other provision of this Condition 8, if in the Spanish Paying Agent or, as 
the case may be, Calculation Agent’s opinion there is, following determination and notification 
to such party of any Successor Rate, Alternative Rate, Adjustment Spread and/or any 
Benchmark Amendments, any uncertainty between two or more alternative courses of action in 
making any determination or calculation under this Condition 8, the Spanish Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, Calculation Agent shall promptly notify the Issuer thereof and the Issuer, 
having first consulted with the Independent Adviser, shall direct the Spanish Paying Agent or, 
as the case may be, Calculation Agent in writing as to which alternative course of action to 
adopt. If the Spanish Paying Agent or, as the case may be, Calculation Agent is not promptly 
provided with such direction, or is otherwise unable to make such calculation or determination 
for any reason, it shall notify the Issuer thereof and the Spanish Paying Agent or, as the case

--- Page 97 ---
- 97 -
may be, Calculation Agent shall be under no obligation to make such calculation or 
determination and shall not incur any liability for not doing so. 
(xi)
Definitions: 
As used in this Condition 8(c)(vii): 
“Adjustment Spread” means either a spread (which may be positive or negative), or the 
formula or methodology for calculating a spread, in either case, which the Independent Adviser, 
acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines is required to be 
applied to the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) to reduce or 
eliminate, to the extent reasonably practicable in the circumstances, any economic prejudice or 
benefit (as the case may be) to Noteholders as a result of the replacement of the Original 
Reference Rate with the Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be) and is the 
spread, formula or methodology which:  
(A)
in the case of a Successor Rate, is formally recommended in relation to the replacement 
of the Original Reference Rate with the Successor Rate by any Relevant Nominating 
Body; or 
(B)
(if no such recommendation has been made, or in the case of an Alternative Rate) the 
Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, 
determines, is customarily applied to the relevant Successor Rate or Alternative Rate (as 
the case may be) in international debt markets transactions to produce an industry-
accepted replacement rate for the Original Reference Rate; or 
(C)
(if no such determination has been made) the Independent Adviser, acting in a 
commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines, is recognised or 
acknowledged as being the industry standard for over-the-counter derivative transactions 
which reference the Original Reference Rate, where such rate has been replaced by the 
Successor Rate or the Alternative Rate (as the case may be);
(D)
(or if the Independent Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good 
faith, the Independent Adviser determines that no such industry standard is recognised or 
acknowledged) in its discretion, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in 
good faith, determines to be appropriate. 
“Alternative Rate” means an alternative benchmark or screen rate which the Independent 
Adviser, acting in a commercially reasonable manner and in good faith, determines in 
accordance with Condition 8(c)(vi)(iii) has replaced the Original Reference Rate in customary 
market usage in the international debt capital markets for the purposes of determining rates of 
interest (or the relevant component part thereof) for the same interest period and in the same 
Specified Currency as the Notes. 
“Benchmark Amendments” has the meaning given to it in Condition 8(c)(vi)(v). 
“Benchmark Event” means: 
(A)
the Original Reference Rate ceasing be published for a period of at least 5 Business 
Days or ceasing to exist; or
(B)
a public statement by the administrator of the Original Reference Rate that it will, by a 
specified date within the following six months, cease publishing the Original Reference 
Rate permanently or indefinitely (in circumstances where no successor administrator has 
been appointed that will continue publication of the Original Reference Rate); or
(C)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that the Original Reference Rate has been or will, by a specified date within the 
following six months, be permanently or indefinitely discontinued; or
(D)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that means the Original Reference Rate will be prohibited from being used or that its use

--- Page 98 ---
- 98 -
will be subject to restrictions or adverse consequences, in each case within the following 
six months; or
(E)
a public statement by the supervisor of the administrator of the Original Reference Rate 
that, in the view of such supervisor, such Original Reference Rate is no longer 
representative of an underlying market; or
(F)
it has become unlawful for any Calculation Agent or the Issuer to calculate any 
payments due to be made to any Noteholder using the Original Reference Rate.  
“Independent Adviser” means an independent financial institution of international repute or an 
independent financial adviser with appropriate expertise in international capital markets 
appointed by the Issuer under Condition 8(c)(vi)(i). 
“Original Reference Rate” means the originally-specified benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable) used to determine the Rate of Interest (or any component part thereof) on the Book-
entry Notes. 
“Relevant Nominating Body” means, in respect of a benchmark or screen rate (as applicable): 
(A)
the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable) 
relates, or any central bank or other supervisory authority which is responsible for 
supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as applicable); or 
(B)
any working group or committee sponsored by, chaired or co-chaired by or constituted at 
the request of (1) the central bank for the currency to which the benchmark or screen rate 
(as applicable) relates, (2) any central bank or other supervisory authority which is 
responsible for supervising the administrator of the benchmark or screen rate (as 
applicable), (3) a group of the aforementioned central banks or other supervisory 
authorities or (4) the Financial Stability Board or any part thereof. 
“Successor Rate” means a successor to or replacement of the Original Reference Rate which is 
formally recommended by any Relevant Nominating Body. 
(d)
ISDA Determination: If ISDA Determination is specified in the relevant Final Terms as the manner in 
which the Rate(s) of Interest is/are to be determined, the Rate of Interest applicable to the Book-entry 
Notes for each Interest Period will be the sum of the Margin and the relevant ISDA Rate where “ISDA 
Rate” in relation to any Interest Period means a rate equal to the Floating Rate (as defined in the ISDA 
Definitions) that would be determined by the Calculation Agent under an interest rate swap transaction if 
the Calculation Agent were acting as Calculation Agent for that interest rate swap transaction under the 
terms of an agreement incorporating the ISDA Definitions and under which: 
(i)
the Floating Rate Option (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is as specified in the relevant Final 
Terms; 
(ii)
the Designated Maturity (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is a period specified in the relevant 
Final Terms;  
(iii)
the relevant Reset Date (as defined in the ISDA Definitions) is either (A) if the relevant Floating 
Rate Option is based on the London inter-bank offered rate (LIBOR) for a currency, the first day 
of that Interest Period or (B) in any other case, as specified in the relevant Final Terms; and 
(iv)
if Linear Interpolation is specified as applicable in respect of an Interest Period in the applicable 
Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period shall be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent by straight-line linear interpolation by reference to two rates based on the relevant Floating 
Rate Option, where: 
(A)
one rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time for 
which rates are available next shorter than the length of the relevant Interest Period; and 
(B)
the other rate shall be determined as if the Designated Maturity were the period of time

--- Page 99 ---
- 99 -
for which rates are available next longer than the length of the relevant Interest Period 
provided, however, that if there is no rate available for a period of time next shorter than the 
length of the relevant Interest Period or, as the case may be, next longer than the length of the 
relevant Interest Period, then the Rate of Interest applicable to the next succeeding Interest Period 
shall be equal to the Rate of Interest last determined in relation to the Book-entry Notes in respect 
of the preceding Interest Period (or alternatively if there has not been a first Interest Payment Date, 
the rate of interest shall be the initial Rate of Interest (subject, where applicable, to substituting the 
Margin that applied to such preceding Interest Period for the Margin that is to be applied to the 
relevant Interest Period). 
(e)
Maximum or Minimum Rate of Interest: If any Maximum Rate of Interest or Minimum Rate of Interest is 
specified in the relevant Final Terms, then the Rate of Interest shall in no event be greater than the 
maximum or be less than the minimum so specified.
(f)
Calculation of Interest Amount: The Calculation Agent will, as soon as practicable after the time at which 
the Rate of Interest is to be determined in relation to each Interest Period, calculate the Interest Amount 
payable in respect of each Book-entry Note for such Interest Period. The Interest Amount will be 
calculated by applying the Rate of Interest for such Interest Period to the Calculation Amount, multiplying 
the product by the relevant Day Count Fraction, rounding the resulting figure to the nearest sub-unit of the 
Specified Currency (half a sub-unit being rounded upwards) and multiplying such rounded figure by a 
fraction equal to the Specified Denomination of the relevant Book-entry Note divided by the Calculation 
Amount. For this purpose a “sub-unit” means, in the case of any currency other than euro, the lowest 
amount of such currency that is available as legal tender in the country of such currency and, in the case of 
euro, means one cent.
(g)
Publication: The Calculation Agent will cause each Rate of Interest and Interest Amount determined by it, 
together with the relevant Interest Payment Date, and any other amount(s) required to be determined by it 
together with any relevant payment date(s) to be notified to the Spanish Paying Agent and each competent 
authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system (if any) by which the Book-entry Notes have then been 
admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation as soon as practicable after such determination but (in the case 
of each Rate of Interest, Interest Amount and Interest Payment Date) in any event not later than the first 
day of the relevant Interest Period. Notice thereof shall also promptly be given to the Noteholders. The 
Calculation Agent will be entitled to recalculate any Interest Amount (on the basis of the foregoing 
provisions) without notice in the event of an extension or shortening of the relevant Interest Period. If the 
Calculation Amount is less than the minimum Specified Denomination the Calculation Agent shall not be 
obliged to publish each Interest Amount but instead may publish only the Calculation Amount and the 
Interest Amount in respect of a Book-entry Note having the minimum Specified Denomination.
(h)
Notifications etc.: All notifications, opinions, determinations, certificates, calculations, quotations and 
decisions given, expressed, made or obtained for the purposes of this Condition 8 by the Calculation Agent 
will (in the absence of manifest error) be binding on the Issuer, the Spanish Paying Agent and the 
Noteholders and (subject as aforesaid) no liability to any such Person will attach to the Calculation Agent 
in connection with the exercise or non-exercise by it of its powers, duties and discretions for such purposes. 
8A. 
Interest – Floating Rate Notes referencing SONIA
(a) 
This Condition 8A is applicable to the Notes only if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are 
specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable and the “Reference Rate” is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being “SONIA”. 
(b)  
Where “SONIA” is specified as the Reference Rate in the Final Terms, the Rate of Interest for 
each Interest Period will, subject as provided below, be Compounded Daily SONIA plus or 
minus (as specified in the relevant Final Terms) the Margin, all as determined by the Calculation 
Agent. 
For the purposes of this Condition 8A:

--- Page 100 ---
- 100 -
“Compounded Daily SONIA”, with respect to an Interest Period, will be calculated by the Calculation 
Agent on the Interest Determination Date in accordance with the following formula, and the resulting 
percentage will be rounded, if necessary, to the fourth decimal place, with 0.00005 being rounded upwards: 
቎ෑ൬1 + 
ܱܵܰܫܣ݅−݌ܮܤܦ x ݊݅
365
൰
݀݋
݅= 1
−1቏x 
365
݀
“d” means, for any Interest Period, the number of calendar days in such Interest Period; 
“do” means, for any Interest Period, the number of London Banking Days in such Interest Period; 
“i” means, for any Interest Period, a series of whole numbers from one to do, each representing the 
relevant London Banking Day in chronological order from, and including, the first London Banking Day 
in such Interest Period to, and including, the last London Banking Day in such Interest Period; 
“Interest Determination Date” means, in respect of any Interest Period, the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling “p” London 
Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes are due and payable);  
“London Banking Day” or “LBD” means any day on which commercial banks are open for general 
business (including dealing in foreign exchange and foreign currency deposits) in London; 
“ni” for any London Banking Day “i”, the number of calendar days from, and including, such London 
Banking Day “i” up to, but excluding, the following London Banking Day; 
“p” for any Interest Period, means the number of London Banking Days specified in the relevant Final 
Terms provided that “p” shall not be less than three London Banking Days at any time and shall not be less 
than five London Banking Days without prior written approval of the Calculation Agent;  
“Reference Period” means, in respect of an Interest Period, the period from, and including, the date 
falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the first day of such Interest Period (and the first Interest Period 
shall begin on and include the Interest Commencement Date) and ending on, but excluding, the date which 
is “p” London Banking Days prior to the Interest Payment Date for such Interest Period (or the date falling 
“p” London Banking Days prior to such earlier date, if any, on which the Notes become due and payable); 
“SONIA Reference Rate” means, in respect of any London Banking Day, a reference rate equal to the 
daily Sterling Overnight Index Average (“SONIA”) rate for such London Banking Day as provided by the 
administrator of SONIA to authorised distributors and as then published on the Relevant Screen Page (or if 
the Relevant Screen Page is unavailable, as otherwise is published by such authorised distributors) on the 
London Banking Day immediately following such London Banking Day; and 
“SONIAi-pLBD” means, in respect of any London Banking Day “i” falling in the relevant Interest Period, 
the SONIA Reference Rate for the London Banking Day falling “p” London Banking Days prior to the 
relevant London Banking Day “i”. 
For the avoidance of doubt, the formula for the calculation of Compounded Daily SONIA only compounds 
the SONIA Reference Rate in respect of any London Banking Day. The SONIA Reference Rate applied to 
a day that is a non-London Banking Day will be taken by applying the SONIA Reference Rate for the 
previous London Banking Day but without compounding. 
If, in respect of any London Banking Day in the relevant Reference Period, the Calculation Agent 
determines that the SONIA Reference Rate is not available on the Relevant Screen Page or has not 
otherwise been published by the relevant authorised distributors, such SONIA Reference Rate shall be:

--- Page 101 ---
- 101 -
(a)  
(i) the Bank of England’s Bank Rate (the “Bank Rate”) prevailing at close of business on the 
relevant London Banking Day; plus (ii) the mean of the spread of the SONIA Reference Rate to 
the Bank Rate over the previous five London Banking Days on which a SONIA Reference Rate 
has been published, excluding the highest spread (or, if there is more than one highest spread, 
one only of those highest spreads) and lowest spread (or, if there is more than one lowest spread, 
one only of those lowest spreads) to the Bank Rate; or 
(b)  
if the Bank Rate is not published by the Bank of England at close of business on the relevant 
London Banking Day, the SONIA Reference Rate published on the Relevant Screen Page (or 
otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors) for the first preceding London 
Banking Day on which the SONIA Reference Rate was published on the Relevant Screen Page 
(or otherwise published by the relevant authorised distributors). 
If the Interest Rate cannot be determined in accordance with the foregoing provisions of this Condition 8A, 
the Interest Rate shall be (A) that determined as at the last preceding Interest Determination Date (though 
substituting, where a different Margin is to be applied to the relevant Interest Period from that which 
applied to the last preceding Interest Period, the Margin relating to the relevant Interest Period, in place of 
the Margin relating to that last preceding Interest Period) or (B) if there is no such preceding Interest 
Determination Date, the initial Interest Rate which would have been applicable to the Notes for the first 
Interest Period had the Notes been in issue for a period equal in duration to the scheduled first Interest 
Period but ending on (and excluding) the Interest Commencement Date (but applying the Margin 
applicable to the first Interest Period). 
If the Notes become due and payable in accordance with Condition 13 (Events of Default), the final 
Interest Determination Date shall, notwithstanding the definition specified above, be deemed to be the date 
on which the Notes became due and payable and the Interest Rate on the Notes shall, for so long as the 
Notes remain outstanding, be the rate determined on such date. 
9.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions  
(a)
Application: This Condition 9 (Zero Coupon Note Provisions) is applicable to the Book-entry Notes only 
if the Zero Coupon Note Provisions are specified in the relevant Final Terms as being applicable.  
(b)
Late payment on Zero Coupon Notes: If the Redemption Amount payable in respect of any Zero Coupon 
Note is improperly withheld or refused, the Redemption Amount shall thereafter be an amount equal to the 
sum of: 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price on 
the basis of the relevant Day Count Fraction from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) 
whichever is the earlier of (i) the day on which all sums due in respect of such Book-entry Note 
up to that day are received by or on behalf of the relevant Noteholder and (ii) the day which is 
seven days after the Spanish Paying Agent has notified the Noteholders that it has received all 
sums due in respect of the Book-entry Notes up to such seventh day (except to the extent that 
there is any subsequent default in payment).  
10.
Redemption and Purchase 
(a)
Scheduled redemption: Unless previously redeemed, or purchased and cancelled, the Book-entry Notes 
will be redeemed at their Final Redemption Amount on the Maturity Date, subject as provided in 
Condition 11 (Payments). 
(b)
Redemption for tax reasons: The Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole, 
but not in part: 
(i) 
at any time (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are not specified in the relevant Final Terms as

--- Page 102 ---
- 102 -
being applicable); or 
(ii) 
on any Interest Payment Date (if the Floating Rate Note Provisions are specified in the relevant 
Final Terms as being applicable), 
on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may 
be specified in the relevant Final Terms, (which notice shall be irrevocable), at their Early Redemption 
Amount (Tax), together with interest accrued (if any) to the date fixed for redemption, if: 
(A) 
the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay additional amounts as provided or referred to 
in Condition 12 (Taxation) as a result of any change in, or amendment to, the laws or 
regulations of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision or any authority thereof 
or therein having power to tax, or any change in the application or official interpretation 
of such laws or regulations (including a holding by a court of competent jurisdiction), 
which change or amendment becomes effective on or after the date of issue of the first 
Tranche of the Book-entry Notes; and 
(B) 
such obligation cannot be avoided by the Issuer taking reasonable measures available to 
it, 
provided, however, that no such notice of redemption shall be given earlier than: 
(1) 
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at any time, 90 days (or such other 
period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) prior to the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due; or
(2) 
where the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed only on an Interest Payment Date, 
60 days (or such other period as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms) 
prior to the Interest Payment Date occurring immediately before the earliest date 
on which the Issuer would be obliged to pay such additional amounts if a 
payment in respect of the Book-entry Notes were then due. 
Prior to the publication of any notice of redemption pursuant to this paragraph, the Issuer shall deliver to 
the Spanish Paying Agent (A) a certificate signed by two directors of the Issuer stating that the Issuer is 
entitled to effect such redemption and setting forth a statement of facts showing that the conditions 
precedent to the right of the Issuer so to redeem have occurred of and (B) an opinion of independent legal 
advisers of recognised standing to the effect that the Issuer has or will become obliged to pay such 
additional amounts as a result of such change or amendment. Upon the expiry of any such notice as is 
referred to in this Condition 10(b), the Issuer shall be bound to redeem the Book-entry Notes in accordance 
with this Condition 10(b). 
(c)
Redemption at the option of the Issuer: If the Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as being 
applicable, the Book-entry Notes may be redeemed at the option of the Issuer in whole or, if so specified 
in the relevant Final Terms, in part on any Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the relevant Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) on the Issuer’s giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ notice to the 
Noteholders, or such other period(s) as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms (which notice shall be 
irrevocable and shall oblige the Issuer to redeem the Book-entry Notes or, as the case may be, the Book-
entry Notes specified in such notice on the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Call) at the Optional 
Redemption Amount (Call) plus accrued interest (if any) to such date).  
The Optional Redemption Amount (Call) will either be the specified percentage of the nominal amount of 
the Book-entry Notes stated in the applicable Final Terms or, if Make Whole Amount is specified in the 
applicable Final Terms, will be the higher of (a) 100 per cent. of the principal amount outstanding of the 
Book-entry Notes to be redeemed; and (b) the sum of the present values of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed and the Remaining Term Interest on such Book-entry 
Notes (exclusive of interest accrued to the date of redemption) discounted to the date of redemption on an 
annual basis at (i) the Reference Bond Rate plus the Redemption Margin; or (ii) the Discount Rate, in each

--- Page 103 ---
- 103 -
case as may be specified in the applicable Final Terms. If the Make Whole Exemption Period is specified 
as applicable and the Issuer gives notice to redeem the Book-entry Notes during the Make Whole 
Exemption Period, the Optional Redemption Amount will be 100 per cent. of the principal amount 
outstanding of the Book-entry Notes to be redeemed. 
(d)
Residual maturity call option: If the Residual Maturity Call Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms 
as being applicable, the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to 
the Noteholders (which notice shall specify the date fixed for redemption), redeem all (but not some only) 
of the outstanding Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series at their principal amount together with 
interest accrued to, but excluding, the date fixed for redemption, which shall be no earlier than (i) three 
months before the Maturity Date in respect of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of not more than ten 
years or (ii) six months before the Maturity Date in respect of Book-entry Notes having a maturity of more 
than ten years, unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
For the purpose of the preceding paragraph, the maturity of not more than ten years or the maturity of 
more than ten years shall be determined as from the Issue Date of the first Tranche of the relevant Series of 
Book-entry Notes. 
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(d).
(e)
Substantial Purchase Event: If a Substantial Purchase Event is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable and a Substantial Purchase Event has occurred and is continuing, then the Issuer may, 
subject to having given not less than 30 nor more than 60 days’ irrevocable notice to the Noteholders, 
redeem the Book-entry Notes comprising the relevant Series in whole, but not in part, in accordance with 
these Book-entry Conditions at any time, in each case at their principal amount, together with any accrued 
and unpaid interest up to (but excluding) the date of redemption.  
All Book-entry Notes in respect of which any such notice is given shall be redeemed on the date specified 
in such notice in accordance with this Condition 10(e).
(f)
Partial redemption: in compliance with the requirements of the principal securities exchange, if any, on 
which that series of Book-entry Notes are listed, on a pro rata basis by use of a pool factor. 
(g)
Redemption at the option of Noteholders: If the Put Option is specified in the relevant Final Terms as 
being applicable, the Issuer shall, at the option of the holder of any Book-entry Note redeem such Book-
entry Note on the Optional Redemption Date (Put) specified in the relevant Put Option Notice at the 
relevant Optional Redemption Amount (Put) together with interest (if any) accrued to such date. In order 
to exercise the option contained in this Condition 10(g), the holder of a Book-entry Note must, not less 
than 30 nor more than 60 days before the relevant Optional Redemption Date (Put) (or such other period(s) 
as may be specified in the relevant Final Terms), deliver a duly completed Put Option Notice in the form 
obtainable from the Spanish Paying Agent at its registered office which will, in turn, forward the Put 
Option Notice to the Issuer. The Spanish Paying Agent shall deliver a duly competed notice receipt to the 
relevant Holder. No such notice, once delivered in accordance with the Condition 10(g) may be withdrawn.  
(h)
Redemption at the option of the Noteholders (Change of control of the Issuer): If Put Event is specified in 
the relevant Final Terms as being applicable, a “Put Event” will be deemed to occur if: 
(i)
(A)
any person or any persons acting in concert acquire Control of the Issuer (a “Change of 
control of the Issuer”); and 
(B)
on the date (the “Relevant Date”) that is the earlier of (a) the date of the first public 
announcement of the relevant Change of Control of the Issuer and (b) the date of the 
earliest Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement (if any), the Book-entry 
Notes carry:

--- Page 104 ---
- 104 -
(1)
an Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by such 
Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such 
rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded to a Non-
Investment Grade Rating or withdrawn and is not, within the Change of Control 
Period, subsequently (in the case of a downgrade) upgraded to an Investment 
Grade Rating by such Rating Agency; or 
(2)
a Non-Investment Grade Rating from any Rating Agency whether provided by 
such Rating Agency at the invitation of the Issuer or by its own volition and such 
rating is, within the Change of Control Period, either downgraded by one or more 
rating categories (from Baa1 to Baa2 or such similar lowering) or withdrawn and 
is not, within the Change of Control Period, subsequently (in the case of a 
downgrade) upgraded to its earlier credit rating or better by such Rating Agency; 
or 
(3)
no credit rating and a Negative Rating Event also occurs within the Change of 
Control Period, 
provided that if upon the expiration of the Change of Control Period the Issuer has at least 
one Investment Grade Rating then sub-paragraphs (B)(1) and (B)(2) will not apply; and 
(C)
in making any decision to downgrade or withdraw a credit rating pursuant to paragraphs 
(B)(1) and (B)(2) above or not to award at least an Investment Grade Rating as described 
in paragraph (ii) of the definition of Negative Rating Event, the relevant Rating Agency 
announces publicly or confirms in writing to the Issuer that such decision(s) resulted, in 
whole or in part, from the occurrence of the Change of Control of the Issuer or the 
Relevant Potential Change of Control Announcement; and/or 
(ii)
the Issuer ceases: 
(A)
to hold or control, directly or indirectly, acting alone or in concert with others, more than 
50 per cent. of the Voting Rights of SFL; or 
(B)
to have the right, acting alone or in concert with others, to appoint and/or remove all or 
the majority of the members of the SFL’s Board of Directors or other governing body, 
whether obtained directly or indirectly, and whether obtained by ownership of share 
capital, the possession of Voting Rights, contract or otherwise, 
(in each case, a “Change of Control of SFL”). 
If a Put Event occurs, the holder of each Book-entry Note will have the option (a “Put Option”) (unless 
prior to the giving of the relevant Put Event Notice (as defined below) the Issuer has given notice of 
redemption under Condition 10(b), 10(c) or 10(d) to require the Issuer to redeem or, at the Issuer’s option, 
purchase (or procure the purchase of) such Book-entry Note on the Put Date (as defined below) at its 
principal amount together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the Put Date. 
Promptly upon the Issuer becoming aware that a Put Event has occurred the Issuer shall without delay give 
notice (a “Put Event Notice”) to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 18 (Notices) specifying 
the nature of the Put Event, the procedure for exercising the Put Option and the date on which the Put 
Period will end. 
To exercise the Put Option, the holder of a Book-entry Note must deliver such Book-entry Note to the 
Specified Office of the Spanish Paying Agent at any time during normal business hours of the Spanish 
Paying Agent falling within the period (the “Put Period”) of 30 days after a Put Event Notice is given, 
accompanied by a duly signed and completed notice of exercise in the form (for the time being current) 
obtainable from the Specified Office of the Spanish Paying Agent (a “Put Notice”) at its registered office 
which will, in turn, forward the Put Notice to the Issuer. The Spanish Paying Agent shall deliver a duly

--- Page 105 ---
- 105 -
competed notice receipt to the relevant Holder. No such notice, once delivered in accordance with this 
Condition 10(h) may be withdrawn. The Issuer shall redeem or purchase (or procure the purchase of) the 
relevant Book-entry Notes on the Put Date unless previously redeemed (or purchased) and cancelled. 
If 85 per cent. or more in principal amount of the Book-entry Notes then outstanding have been redeemed 
or purchased pursuant to this Condition 10(h), the Issuer may, on giving not less than 30 nor more than 60 
days’ notice to the Noteholders (such notice being given within 30 days after the Put Date), redeem or 
purchase (or procure the purchase of), at its option, all but not some only of the remaining outstanding 
Book-entry Notes at their principal amount, together with interest accrued to (but excluding) the date fixed 
for such redemption or purchase. 
If the rating designations employed by any of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s are changed from 
those which are described in paragraph (i)(B) of the definition of “Put Event” above, the Issuer shall 
determine the rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s (as appropriate) as are most 
equivalent to the prior rating designations of Moody’s, Fitch or Standard & Poor’s and this Condition 10(h) 
shall be construed accordingly. 
(i)
No other redemption: The Issuer shall not be entitled to redeem the Book-entry Notes otherwise than as 
provided in paragraphs (a) to (h) above. 
(j)
Early redemption of Zero Coupon Notes: Unless otherwise specified in the relevant Final Terms, the 
Redemption Amount payable on redemption of a Zero Coupon Note at any time before the Maturity Date 
shall be an amount equal to the sum of: 
(i)
the Reference Price; and 
(ii)
the product of the Accrual Yield (compounded annually) being applied to the Reference Price 
from (and including) the Issue Date to (but excluding) the date fixed for redemption or (as the 
case may be) the date upon which the Book-entry Note becomes due and payable. 
Where such calculation is to be made for a period which is not a whole number of years, the calculation in 
respect of the period of less than a full year shall be made on the basis of such Day Count Fraction as may 
be specified in the Final Terms for the purposes of this Condition 10(j) or, if none is so specified, a Day 
Count Fraction of 30E/360. 
(k)
Purchase: The Issuer or any of its Subsidiaries may at any time purchase Book-entry Notes in the open 
market or otherwise and at any price. Any Book-entry Notes so purchased, while held by or on behalf of 
the Issuer or any such Subsidiary, shall not entitle the holder to vote at any meetings of the Noteholders 
and shall not be deemed to be outstanding for the purposes of calculating quorums at meetings of the 
Noteholders or for the purposes of Condition 16(a) (Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver). 
(l)
Cancellation: All Book-entry Notes so redeemed or purchased by the Issuer or any of its respective 
Subsidiaries shall be cancelled and may not be reissued or resold. 
11.
Payments 
(a)
Principal and interest: Payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes (in terms of both principal and 
interest) will be made by transfer to the registered account of the relevant Holder maintained by or on 
behalf of it with a bank that processes payments in a city in which banks have access to the TARGET2 
System, details of which appear in the records of Iberclear or, as the case may be, the relevant Iberclear 
Member at close of business on the day immediately preceding the Business Day on which the payment of 
principal or interest, as the case may be, falls due. Holders must rely on the procedures of Iberclear or, as 
the case may be, the relevant Iberclear Member to receive payments under the relevant Book-entry Notes. 
None of the Issuer, the Spanish Paying Agent or, if applicable, any of the Dealers will have any 
responsibility or liability for the records relating to payments made in respect of the Book-entry Notes.

--- Page 106 ---
- 106 -
(b)
Payments subject to fiscal laws: All payments in respect of the Book-entry Notes are subject in all cases to 
(i) any applicable fiscal or other laws and regulations in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the 
provisions of Condition 12 (Taxation) and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an 
agreement described in Section 1471(b) of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or 
otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements 
thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or (without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12 
(Taxation)) any law implementing an intergovernmental approach thereto.  
(c)
No commissions or expenses shall be charged to the Noteholders in respect of such payments. 
(d)
Payments on business days: If the due date for payment of any amount in respect of any Book-entry Note 
is not a Payment Business Day, the holder shall not be entitled to payment in such place of the amount due 
until the next succeeding Payment Business Day in such place and shall not be entitled to any further 
interest or other payment in respect of any such delay. 
12.
Taxation 
(a)
Gross up: All payments of principal and interest in respect of the Book-entry Notes by or on behalf of the 
Issuer shall be made free and clear of, and without withholding or deduction for or on account of, any 
present or future taxes, duties, assessments or governmental charges of whatever nature imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed by or on behalf of the Kingdom of Spain or any political subdivision 
therein or any authority therein or thereof having power to tax (the “Spanish Tax Authorities”), unless 
the withholding or deduction of such taxes, duties, assessments, or governmental charges is required by 
law. In that event, the Issuer shall pay such additional amounts as will result in receipt by the Noteholders 
after such withholding or deduction of such amounts as would have been received by them had no such 
withholding or deduction been required, except that no such additional amounts shall be payable in respect 
of any Book-entry Note: 
(i)
by or on behalf of a holder which is liable to such taxes, duties, assessments or governmental 
charges in respect of such Book-entry Note by reason of its having some connection with the 
jurisdiction by which such taxes, duties, assessments or charges have been imposed, levied, 
collected, withheld or assessed other than the mere holding of the Book-entry Note; or 
(ii)
more than 30 days after the Relevant Date except to the extent that the holder of such Book-entry 
Note would have been entitled to such additional amounts on presenting such Book-entry Note for 
payment on the last day of such period of 30 days; or 
(iii)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder in respect of whom withholding is to be levied as a 
consequence of the Issuer having not received, within the time period established by applicable 
law, the relevant duly executed and completed certificate required in order to comply with the 
Spanish Law 10/2014 as well as Royal Decree 1065/2007 (each, as amended from time to time), 
and any other implementing legislation or regulation; or 
(iv)
to, or to a third party on behalf of, a holder, in respect of whose Book-entry Notes the Issuer (or an 
agent acting on behalf of the Issuer) has not received the information as might be necessary under 
the applicable law or regulation to allow payments on such Book-entry Note to be made free and 
clear from withholding tax or deduction on account of taxes levied by the Kingdom of Spain , 
including when the Issuer does not receive such information concerning such Noteholder’s 
identity and tax residence as may be required in order to comply with the procedures that may be 
implemented; or 
(v)
any combination of items (i) through (v) above.  
For the avoidance of doubt, payments will be subject in all cases to (i) any fiscal or other laws and 
regulations applicable thereto in the place of payment, but without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 
12 and (ii) any withholding or deduction required pursuant to an agreement described in Section 1471(b) 
of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the “Code”) or otherwise imposed pursuant to Sections 1471 
through 1474 of the Code, any regulations or agreements thereunder, any official interpretations thereof, or

--- Page 107 ---
- 107 -
(without prejudice to the provisions of Condition 12) any law implementing an intergovernmental 
approach thereto. No additional amounts will be paid on the Book-entry Notes with respect to any such 
withholding or deduction. 
(b)
Taxing jurisdiction: If the Issuer becomes subject at any time to any taxing jurisdiction other than the 
Kingdom of Spain, references in these Book-entry Conditions to the Kingdom of Spain shall be construed 
as references to the Kingdom of Spain and/or such other jurisdiction. 
13.
Events of Default 
If any of the following events occurs and is continuing: 
(a)
Non-Payment: the Issuer fails to pay the principal or any interest on any of Book-entry Notes when due 
and such failure continues for a period of seven days in the case of principal and 14 days in the case of 
interest; or 
(b)
Breach of Other Obligations: the Issuer does not perform or comply with any one or more of its other 
obligations under the Book-entry Notes (including, but not limited to, any provision of Condition 5 
(Negative Pledge)) which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within 30 Business Days after 
notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer or to the Spanish Paying Agent at its Specified 
Office by any Noteholder; or 
(c)
Breach of Covenant: the Issuer does not perform or observe any of the covenants set forth in Condition 6 
(Covenants) which default is incapable of remedy or is not remedied within any originally applicable grace 
period or is not remedied within 30 days after notice of such default shall have been given to the Issuer and 
to the Spanish Paying Agent at its Specified Office by any Noteholder, by providing the Noteholders 
through the Spanish Paying Agent with an updated certificate signed by one Authorised Officer of the 
Issuer certifying that, as applicable, in respect of the covenant in Condition 6(a): 
(i) the Pro Forma Unencumbered Total Assets Value, is not less than 
(ii) the Pro Forma Unsecured Debt; 
and in respect of the covenant in Condition 6(b), the Issuer is in compliance with the Loan-to-Value Ratio 
following the exercise of the LVR Rebalance Remedy as at a date falling within the relevant LVR 
Rebalance Period and, in each case, containing (i) the formulae for the calculation of the relevant covenant, 
and (ii) a statement as to the correctness of such formulae. The Issuer shall deliver to the Noteholders 
through the Spanish Paying Agent a separate report issued by the Issuer’s auditors setting out the 
procedures used to calculate the relevant covenant and reviewing the application of the formulae certified 
by the Issuer; or 
(d)
Cross-Default: (i) any other present or future indebtedness of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries 
(other than SFL) for or in respect of moneys borrowed or raised becomes due and payable prior to its 
stated maturity by reason of any actual or potential default, event of default or the like (howsoever 
described), or (ii) any such indebtedness is not paid when due or, as the case may be, within any originally 
applicable grace period, or (iii) the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL) fails to pay 
when due any amount payable by it under any present or future guarantee for, or indemnity in respect of, 
any moneys borrowed or raised provided that the aggregate amount of the relevant indebtedness, 
guarantees and indemnities in respect of which one or more of the events mentioned above in this 
Condition 13(d) have occurred equals or exceeds EUR20,000,000 or its equivalent (on the basis of the 
middle spot rate for the relevant currency against the Euro as quoted by any leading bank on the day on 
which this Condition 13(d) operates); or 
(e)
Enforcement Proceedings: a distress, attachment, execution or other legal process is levied, enforced or 
sued out on or against any part of the property, assets or revenues of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries (other than SFL) and is not discharged or stayed within 60 days, provided that the amount 
levied, enforced or sued on such distress, attachment or execution, individually or in aggregate with any

--- Page 108 ---
- 108 -
other amount levied, enforced or sued, exceeds EUR20,000,000; or 
(f)
Security Enforced: any mortgage, charge, pledge, lien or other encumbrance, present or future, created or 
assumed by the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries (other than SFL) becomes enforceable and any 
step is taken to enforce it (including the taking of possession or the appointment of a receiver, 
administrative receiver, administrator, manager or other similar person), provided that the individual or 
aggregate value of all assets subject to the enforcement exceeds EUR20,000,000; or 
(g)
Insolvency: the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries is (or is deemed by law or a court to be) insolvent 
or bankrupt (concurso) or unable to pay its debts when due, or is declared or a voluntary request has been 
submitted to a relevant court for the declaration of insolvency or bankruptcy, stops, suspends or threatens 
to stop or suspend regular payment of its debts, proposes or makes any agreement for the deferral, 
rescheduling or other readjustment of its debts generally, proposes or makes a general assignment or an 
arrangement or composition with or for the benefit of the relevant creditors in respect of any of such debts 
or a moratorium is agreed or declared in respect of or affecting the debts of the Issuer or any of its Material 
Subsidiaries generally; or 
(h)
Winding-up: an order is made or an effective resolution passed for the winding-up (liquidación) or 
dissolution (disolución) of the Issuer or any of its Material Subsidiaries, or the Issuer ceases or threatens to 
cease to carry on all or substantially all of its business or operations, except for the purpose of and 
followed by a reconstruction, amalgamation, reorganisation, merger or consolidation (i) on terms approved 
by an Extraordinary Resolution of the Noteholders, or (ii) in the case of Material Subsidiary, whereby the 
undertaking and assets of the Material Subsidiary are transferred to or otherwise vested in the Issuer or any 
of its Subsidiaries; or 
(i)
Authorisation and Consents: any action, condition or thing (including the obtaining or effecting of any 
necessary consent, approval, authorisation, exemption, filing, licence, order, recording or registration) at 
any time required to be taken, fulfilled or done in order (i) to enable the Issuer lawfully to enter into, 
exercise its rights and perform and comply with its obligations under the Book-entry Notes, (ii) to ensure 
that those obligations are legally binding and enforceable and (iii) to make the Book-entry Notes 
admissible in evidence in the courts of England is not taken, fulfilled or done; or 
(j)
Illegality: it is or will become unlawful for the Issuer to perform or comply with any one or more of its 
obligations under any of the Book-entry Notes; or 
(k)
Analogous Events: any event occurs which under the laws of any relevant jurisdiction has an analogous 
effect to any of the events referred to in paragraphs (e), (f), (g), (h) and (j) of this Condition 13; 
then any Book-entry Note may, by notice in writing given to the Spanish Paying Agent at its Specified 
Office by the Noteholder, be declared immediately due and payable whereupon it shall become 
immediately due and payable at its Early Termination Amount together with accrued interest (if any) 
without further formality. 
14.
Prescription 
Claims for principal shall become void unless made within ten years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
Claims for interest shall become void unless made within five years of the appropriate Relevant Date. 
15.
Agents 
In acting under the Spanish Agency Agreement and in connection with the Book-entry Notes, the Spanish 
Paying Agent acts solely as agent of the Issuer and does not assume any obligations towards or 
relationship of agency or trust for or with any of the Noteholders. 
The Spanish Paying Agent and its initial Specified Office is listed below. The initial Calculation Agent (if 
any) is specified in the relevant Final Terms. The Issuer reserves the right at any time to vary or terminate 
the appointment of any Paying Agent or Calculation Agent and to appoint a successor paying agent or

--- Page 109 ---
- 109 -
Calculation Agent and additional or successor paying agents; provided, however, that:
(a)
the Issuer shall at all times maintain a Spanish Paying Agent; and 
(b)
if a Calculation Agent is specified in the relevant Final Terms, the Issuer shall at all times 
maintain a Calculation Agent; and 
(c)
if and for so long as the Book-entry Notes are admitted to listing, trading and/or quotation by any 
competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system which requires the appointment of a 
paying agent in any particular place, the Issuer shall maintain a paying agent having its Specified 
Office in the place required by such competent authority, stock exchange and/or quotation system. 
Notice of any change in any of the Spanish Paying Agent or in its Specified Office shall promptly be given 
to the Noteholders. 
16.
Meetings of Noteholders; Modification and Waiver 
(a)
Meetings of Noteholders: The Agency Agreement contains provisions for convening meetings of 
Noteholders to consider matters relating to the Book-entry Notes, including the modification of any 
provision of these Book-entry Conditions. Any such modification may be made if sanctioned by an 
Extraordinary Resolution. Such a meeting may be convened by the Issuer and shall be convened by them 
upon the request in writing of Noteholders holding not less than 10 per cent. of the aggregate principal 
amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes. The quorum at any meeting convened to vote on an 
Extraordinary Resolution will be one or more Persons holding or representing a clear majority of the 
aggregate principal amount of the outstanding Book-entry Notes or, at any adjourned meeting, one or more 
Persons being or representing Noteholders whatever the principal amount of the outstanding Book-entry 
Notes; provided, however, that Reserved Matters may only be sanctioned by an Extraordinary Resolution 
passed at a meeting of Noteholders at which one or more Persons holding or representing not less than 
two-thirds or, at any adjourned meeting, 25 per cent. of the aggregate principal amount of the outstanding 
Book-entry Notes form a quorum. Any Extraordinary Resolution duly passed at any such meeting shall be 
binding on all the Noteholders, whether present or not. 
In addition, a resolution in writing signed by or on behalf of holders of not less than two-thirds of 
Noteholders who for the time being are entitled to receive notice of a meeting of Noteholders will take 
effect as if it were an Extraordinary Resolution. Such a resolution in writing may be contained in one 
document or several documents in the same form, each signed by or on behalf of one or more Noteholders. 
(b)
Modification: The Book-entry Notes and these Book-entry Conditions may be amended without the 
consent of the Noteholders to correct a manifest error. In addition, the parties to the Agency Agreement 
may agree to modify any provision thereof, but the Issuer shall not agree, without the consent of the 
Noteholders, to any such modification unless it is of a formal, minor or technical nature, it is made to 
correct a manifest error or it is, in the opinion of such parties, not materially prejudicial to the interests of 
the Noteholders. 
17.
Further Issues 
The Issuer may from time to time, without the consent of the Noteholders, create and issue further notes 
having the same terms and conditions as the Book-entry Notes in all respects (or in all respects except for 
the first payment of interest) so as to form a single series with the Book-entry Notes. 
18.
Notices 
Notices to the Noteholders will be published in the official bulletin of AIAF (Boletín Diario de AIAF 
Mercado de Renta Fija) and, where applicable, through the filing by the Issuer of a price-sensitive 
information notice (comunicación de informacion relevante o privilegiada) with the CNMV. If the Book-
entry Notes are also listed in other European regulated market, notices to Noteholders will be published in 
accordance with the requirements of such regulated market. Any such notice will be deemed to have been

--- Page 110 ---
- 110 -
given on the date of the first publication. In addition, all notices to Noteholders shall also be made through 
Iberclear to their respective accountholders. 
19.
Currency Indemnity 
Euro is the sole currency of account and payment for all sums payable by the Issuer under or in connection 
with the Book-entry Notes, including damages. Any amount received or recovered in a currency other than 
Euro (whether as a result of, or of the enforcement of, a judgment or order of a court of any jurisdiction, in 
the insolvency, winding-up or dissolution of the Issuer or otherwise) by any Noteholder in respect of any 
sum expressed to be due to it from the Issuer shall only constitute a discharge to the Issuer to the extent of 
the Euro amount which the recipient is able to purchase with the amount so received or recovered in that 
other currency on the date of that receipt or recovery (or, if it is not practicable to make that purchase on 
that date, on the first date on which it is practicable to do so). If that Euro amount is less than the Euro 
amount expressed to be due to the recipient under any Book-entry Note, the Issuer shall indemnify it 
against any loss sustained by it as a result. In any event, the Issuer shall indemnify the recipient against the 
cost of making any such purchase. For the purposes of this Condition, it will be sufficient for the 
Noteholder to demonstrate that it would have suffered a loss had an actual purchase been made. These 
indemnities constitute a separate and independent obligation from the Issuer’s other obligations, shall give 
rise to a separate and independent cause of action, shall apply irrespective of any indulgence granted by 
any Noteholder and shall continue in full force and effect despite any other judgment, order, claim or proof 
for a liquidated amount in respect of any sum due under any Book-entry Note or any other judgment or 
order. 
20.
Rounding 
For the purposes of any calculations referred to in these Book-entry Conditions (unless otherwise specified 
in these Book-entry Conditions or the relevant Final Terms), (a) all percentages resulting from such 
calculations will be rounded, if necessary, to the nearest one hundred-thousandth of a percentage point 
(with 0.000005 per cent. being rounded up to 0.00001 per cent.), (b) all United States dollar amounts used 
in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest cent (with one half cent being rounded 
up), (c) all Japanese Yen amounts used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded downwards 
to the next lower whole Japanese Yen amount, and (d) all amounts denominated in any other currency 
used in or resulting from such calculations will be rounded to the nearest two decimal places in such 
currency, with 0.005 being rounded upwards. 
21.
Governing Law and Jurisdiction 
(a)
Governing Law: Save as described below, the Book-entry Notes, the Agency Agreement and any non-
contractual obligations arising out of or in connection with the Book-entry Notes are governed by English 
law. The Spanish Agency Agreement and the title, transfer and status of the Book-entry Notes as described 
in Condition 3 (Title and Transfer) and Condition 4 (Status), respectively, are governed by Spanish law. 
(b)
Jurisdiction: The courts of England are to have jurisdiction to settle any disputes which may arise out of 
or in connection with the Book-entry Notes and accordingly any legal action or proceedings arising out of 
or in connection with the Book-entry Notes (“Proceedings”) may be brought in such courts. The Issuer 
irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such courts and waives any objection to Proceedings in such 
courts whether on the ground of venue or on the ground that the Proceedings have been brought in an 
inconvenient forum. This Condition is for the benefit of each of the Noteholders and shall not limit the 
right of any of them to take Proceedings in any other court of competent jurisdiction nor shall the taking of 
Proceedings in one or more jurisdictions preclude the taking of Proceedings in any other jurisdiction 
(whether concurrently or not). 
(c)
Agent for Service of Process: The Issuer irrevocably appoints Law Debenture Corporate Services 
Limited of Fifth floor 100 Wood St London EC2V 7EX as its agent in England to receive service of 
process in any Proceedings in England based on any of the Book-entry Notes. If for any reason the Issuer 
does not have such an agent in England, it will promptly appoint a substitute process agent and notify the 
Noteholders of such appointment. Nothing below shall affect the right to serve process in any other 
manner permitted by law.

--- Page 111 ---
SPA4675386/2   136377-0031 
265662-1998338368-14-v2.13 
- 111 -
66-41012876 
SUMMARY OF PROVISIONS RELATING TO THE BEARER NOTES WHILE IN GLOBAL 
FORM 
Clearing System Accountholders 
Each Global Note will be in bearer form. Consequently, in relation to any Tranche of Notes represented by a Global 
Note, references in the Terms and Bearer Conditions of the Notes to “Noteholder” are references to the bearer of 
the relevant Global Note which, for so long as the Global Note is held by a depositary or a common depositary, in 
the case of a CGN, or a common safekeeper, in the case of an NGN for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg 
and/or any other relevant clearing system, will be that depositary or common depositary or, as the case may be, 
common safekeeper. 
Each of the persons shown in the records of Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant 
clearing system as being entitled to an interest in a Global Note (each an “Accountholder”) must look solely to 
Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or such other relevant clearing system (as the case may be) for 
such Accountholder’s share of each payment made by the Issuer to the bearer of such Global Note and in relation 
to all other rights arising under the Global Note. The extent to which, and the manner in which, Accountholders 
may exercise any rights arising under the Global Note will be determined by the respective rules and procedures of 
Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg and any other relevant clearing system from time to time. For so long as 
the relevant Notes are represented by the Global Note, Accountholders shall have no claim directly against the 
Issuer in respect of payments due under the Notes and such obligations of the Issuer will be discharged by payment 
to the bearer of the Global Note. 
Bearer Conditions applicable to Global Notes 
Each Global Note will contain provisions which modify the Terms and Bearer Conditions of the Notes as they 
apply to the Global Note. The following is a summary of certain of those provisions: 
Payments: All payments in respect of the Global Note will be made against presentation and (in the case of 
payment of principal in full with all interest accrued thereon) surrender of the Global Note to or to the order of any 
Paying Agent and will be effective to satisfy and discharge the corresponding liabilities of the Issuer in respect of 
the Notes. On each occasion on which a payment of principal or interest is made in respect of the Global Note, the 
Issuer shall procure that in respect of a CGN the payment is noted in a schedule thereto and in respect of an NGN 
the payment is entered pro rata in the records of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg. 
Payment Business Day: In the case of a Global Note, shall be: if the currency of payment is euro, any day which is 
a TARGET Settlement Day and a day on which dealings in foreign currencies may be carried on in each (if any) 
Additional Financial Centre; or, if the currency of payment is not euro, any day which is a day on which dealings in 
foreign currencies may be carried on in the Principal Financial Centre of the currency of payment and in each (if 
any) Additional Financial Centre. 
Exercise of put option: In order to exercise the option contained in Condition 10(e) (Redemption at the option of 
Noteholders) and condition 10(f) (Redemption at the opinion of Noteholders (Change of control of the Issuer) the 
bearer of the Permanent Global Note must, within the period specified in the Bearer Conditions for the deposit of 
the relevant Note and put notice, give written notice of such exercise to the Fiscal Agent specifying the principal 
amount of Notes in respect of which such option is being exercised. Any such notice will be irrevocable and may 
not be withdrawn. 
Partial exercise of call option: In connection with an exercise of the option contained in Condition 11(c) 
(Redemption at the option of the Issuer) in relation to some only of the Notes, the Permanent Global Note may be 
redeemed in part in the principal amount specified by the Issuer in accordance with the Bearer Conditions and the 
Notes to be redeemed will not be selected as provided in the Bearer Conditions but in accordance with the rules 
and procedures of Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg (to be reflected in the records of Euroclear and 
Clearstream, Luxembourg as either a pool factor or a reduction in principal amount, at their discretion). 
Notices: Notwithstanding Condition 20 (Notices), while all the Notes are represented by a Permanent Global Note 
(or by a Permanent Global Note and/or a Temporary Global Note) and the Permanent Global Note is (or the

--- Page 112 ---
- 112 -
Permanent Global Note and/or the Temporary Global Note are) deposited with a depositary or a common 
depositary for Euroclear and/or Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system or a common 
safekeeper, notices to Noteholders may be given by delivery of the relevant notice to Euroclear and/or Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system and, in any case, such notices shall be deemed to have been 
given to the Noteholders in accordance with Condition 20 (Notices) on the date of delivery to Euroclear and/or 
Clearstream, Luxembourg and/or any other relevant clearing system.

--- Page 113 ---
- 113 -
SUMMARY OF CLEARANCE AND SETTLEMENT PROCEDURES APPLICABLE TO 
BOOK–ENTRY NOTES 
Below is a brief summary of the Spanish clearance and settlement procedures applicable to book-entry securities 
such as the Book-entry Notes. 
The Spanish clearing, settlement and recording system of securities transactions allows the connection of the post-
trading Spanish systems to the European system TARGET2 Securities. 
Iberclear  
Iberclear is the Spanish central securities depository in charge of both the register of securities held in book-entry 
form, and the settlement of all the trades from AIAF. To achieve this, Iberclear uses the technical platform named 
ARCO. 
Iberclear is owned by Bolsas y Mercados Españoles, Sociedad Holding de Mercados y Sistemas Financieros, S.A., 
a holding company, which fully owns each of the Spanish official secondary markets and settlement systems. The 
corporate address of Iberclear is Plaza de la Lealtad 1, 28014, Madrid, Spain.   
Iberclear Securities Registration System 
The securities recording system of Iberclear is a two tier level registry: the keeping of the central record 
corresponds to Iberclear and the keeping of the detail records correspond to the participating entities (entidades 
participantes) in Iberclear.  
Access to become a participating entity is restricted to (i) credit institutions, (ii) investment services companies 
which are authorised to render custody and administration of financial instruments, (iii) the Bank of Spain, (iv) the 
Spanish Public Administration and the Spanish General Treasury of the Social Security, (v) other duly authorised 
central securities depositories and central clearing counterparties and (vi) other public institutions and private 
entities when expressly authorised to become a participating entity in central securities depositories. 
The central registry managed by Iberclear reflects (i) one or several proprietary accounts which show the balances 
of the participating entities’ proprietary accounts; (ii) one or several general third-party accounts that will show the 
overall balances that the participating entities hold for third parties; (iii) individual accounts opened in the name of 
the owner, either individual or legal person; and (iv) individual special accounts of financial intermediaries which
use the optional procedure of settlement of orders. Each participating entity, in turn, maintains the detail records of 
the owners of the securities or the shares held in their general third-party accounts. 
According to the above, Spanish law considers the owner of the securities to be: 
(i)
the participating entity appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding the relevant securities in its own 
name;
(ii)
the investor appearing in the records of the participating entity as holding the securities; or
(iii)
the investor appearing in the records of Iberclear as holding securities in a segregated individual account. 
The settlement and book-entry registration platform managed by Iberclear, which operates under the trade name of 
ARCO, receives the settlement instructions from BME Clearing and forwards them to the relevant participating 
entities involved in each transaction. ARCO operates under a T+2 settlement standard, by which any transactions 
must be settled within two business days following the date on which the transaction was completed. 
To evidence title to securities, at the owner’s request the relevant participating entity must issue a legitimation 
certificate (certificado de legitimación). If the owner is a participating entity or a person holding securities in a 
segregated individual account, Iberclear is in charge of the issuance of the certificate regarding the securities held 
in their name.

--- Page 114 ---
- 114 -
Iberclear Settlement of securities traded on the AIAF 
Iberclear and the participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear have the function of keeping the book-
entry register of securities traded on the AIAF. 
Securities traded on the AIAF are fixed income securities, including corporate bonds (for example, medium term 
notes and mortgage bonds) and bonds issued by the Kingdom of Spain and Spanish regions, represented in a 
dematerialised form. 
In the AIAF settlement system, transactions may be settled spot, forward (settlement date more than five days after 
the relevant trade date), with a repurchase agreement on a fixed date and double or simultaneous transactions (two 
trades in opposite directions with different settlement dates). 
The settlement system used for securities admitted for trading on the AIAF is the Model 1 delivery versus payment 
system, as per the classification of the Bank for International Settlements: that is, it is a “transaction-to-transaction” 
cash and securities settlement system with simultaneity in its finality. 
Transactions are settled on the stock-exchange business day agreed by participants at the moment of the trade. 
Euroclear and Clearstream 
Investors who do not have, directly or indirectly through their custodians, a participating account with Iberclear 
may hold their investment in the Notes through bridge accounts maintained by each of Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg with participating entities (entidades participantes) in Iberclear.

--- Page 115 ---
- 115 -
USE OF PROCEEDS  
The net proceeds of the issue of each Tranche of Notes will be used for the general corporate purposes of the 
Group, including the repayment of existing indebtedness of the Group.  
If, in respect of any particular Tranche of Notes, there is a particular identified use of proceeds, this will be 
stated in the applicable Final Terms.

--- Page 116 ---
- 116 -
INFORMATION ON THE ISSUER AND THE GROUP
Overview 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. is a limited liability company (sociedad anónima) duly incorporated on 8 
November 1956, under the laws of the Kingdom of Spain, under which it now operates. Its commercial name is 
“Colonial”.  
Colonial is registered with the Commercial Register of Madrid under volume 36,660, sheet 87, page number M-
30822, its tax identification number is A-28027399 and its legal entity identifier (LEI) is 95980020140005007414. 
Colonial is domiciled in Spain. Its registered office is Paseo de la Castellana, 52, Madrid, Spain and its telephone 
number is (+34) 91 782 08 80. 
Our main activity is the rental, acquisition, promotion and sale of real estate, as well as the management of 
financial participations and our core business is the management and development of buildings, principally offices, 
to rent and, where the opportunity arises, sell. We are one of the leading office operators in the Barcelona and 
Madrid markets and, through our subsidiary SFL, in Paris. As of 31 December 2020, we owned and managed 64 
office buildings and 3 other buildings in Spain and 20 office buildings in France. As of and for the year ended 31 
December 2020, we generated a consolidated operating profit of €185,365 thousand and, as at 31 December 2020, 
we employed 229 employees.  
We currently hold a 81.71% stake in SFL, France’s oldest property company, which focuses on prime commercial 
real estate in Paris (see “History—SFL (2018)”). 
On 16 April 2021, S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited, Sucursal en España confirmed the rating of Colonial as 
BBB+ with a stable outlook. On 28 April 2020, Moody’s confirmed Colonial’s credit rating as Baa2 with a stable 
outlook. Since April 2017, SFL has been assigned a long-term credit rating of “BBB+” and a short-term credit 
rating of “A-2”, with a stable outlook, by S&P Global Ratings Europe Limited. 
History 
Incorporation of Finaccess Group  
In June 2016, we acquired 100% of the share capital of Hofinac Real Estate, S.L.U., owner of two prime offices 
located in Madrid. The acquisition was carried out through an increase of our share capital against non-monetary 
contributions for a total amount of €202 million against 288,571,430 new shares of Colonial we delivered as 
consideration, representing 8% of our share capital at the time the share capital increase was executed. As at the 
date of this Base Prospectus, the Finaccess Group is represented by two directors on Colonial’s Board of Directors 
and holds 15.75% of our share capital. 
SOCIMI Status 
On 22 May 2017, the Board of Directors resolved to submit for approval the conversion of Colonial into a Spanish 
real estate investment trust (Sociedad Cotizada Anónima de Inversión en el Mercado Inmobiliario or “SOCIMI”) 
at the next Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting. 
On 29 June 2017, the Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting of Colonial resolved, among other things, (i) to 
become a SOCIMI under the provisions of Law 11/2009 of 26 October governing real estate investment trusts (Ley 
11/2009, de 26 de octubre, por la que se regulan las Sociedades Anónimas Cotizadas de Inversión en el Mercado 
Inmobiliario), as amended (the “SOCIMI Act”) so as to apply the special tax regime provided for under the 
SOCIMI Act (the “Spanish SOCIMI Regime”) and (ii) in order to comply with certain requirements provided for 
under the SOCIMI Act, to change Colonial’s company name to Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. and amend 
the by-laws of Colonial including by adding two new articles concerning ancillary provisions and special rules for 
the distribution of dividends. 
For a fuller description of the SOCIMI status, please see “Spanish SOCIMI Regime and Taxation”.

--- Page 117 ---
- 117 -
Acquisition of Utopic_US 
In October 2017, we acquired a controlling stake in the Spanish co-working platform Utopic_US (Utopicus 
Innovación Cultural, S.L., “Utopic_US”). As a result of this transaction, we initiated a new strategic line with the 
aim of complementing and reinforcing the Group’s strategy, offering flexibility and integrated services with 
content On 24 February 2021, we acquired the remaining 3.19% stake in Utopic_US and became its sole 
shareholder.  
Axiare (2018) 
On 12 November 2017, the Board of Directors of Colonial agreed to launch a takeover bid (the “Bid”) for all the 
shares of Axiare not already held by Colonial, for cash. On 2 February 2018, the CNMV announced the result of 
the Bid for all the shares of Axiare not already held by Colonial. The Bid was accepted by shareholders of Axiare 
holding 45,912,569 shares, representing 81.55% of the shares the Bid was addressed to (56,300,422 shares of 
Axiare, representing 71.21% of its share capital) and 58.07% of Axiare’s share capital.  
On 24 May 2018, the Ordinary General Shareholders’ Meeting of Colonial approved the merger by absorption of 
Axiare by Colonial and the public deed (escritura pública) was executed before a Spanish public notary and 
registered with the Commercial Registry of Madrid on 2 and 4 July 2018, respectively.  
SFL (2018) 
On 14 November 2018, we acquired an additional 22% stake in SFL (the “SFL Shares”) from Qatar Holding LLC 
(“QH”) and DIC Holding LLC (“DIC”) and in December 2018, we acquired an additional 0.97% stake, increasing 
our controlling stake in SFL from 58.56 to 81.71% and enhancing our presence in the French real estate market. 
The acquisition of the SFL Shares was structured in three transactions, (i) QH and DIC contributed a total of 
7,136,507 shares of SFL to Colonial (representing 15.34% of SFL’s share capital) through a non-cash capital 
increase of 53,523,803 shares of Colonial (representing 10.5 per cent of Colonial’s share capital); (ii) an exchange 
of a total of 400,000 SFL shares by QH and DIC (representing an aggregate of 0.86%) for 3,000,000 treasury 
shares of Colonial; and (iii) the sale of a total of 2,787,475 shares of SFL by QH and DIC (representing 5.99% of 
SFL’s share capital), for an amount of €203 million (€73 per share). The combination of the three transactions 
resulted in an average acquisition price of €69.6 per share of SFL. In the context of this transaction, Colonial 
carried out a capital increase, pursuant to which it increased its share capital from €1,136,477,445.00 to 
€1,270,286,952.50. The capital increase settled on 14 November 2018. 
Divestments 
In August 2019, Colonial and Prologis signed an agreement for the assignment of 18 logistics buildings. Out of the 
18 buildings, 11 facilities were transferred in August 2019. For the remaining seven developments Prologis was 
granted a call option during 2020. This transaction together with the sale of Centro Norte Hotel in Madrid and 
other assets in Spain totalised an amount over €475 million in 2019.  
As of and for the year ended 31 December 2020, Colonial sold assets for a total amount of €333.4 million. In 
particular, in March 2020, Colonial sold a non-core asset (Hotel Mojácar) for an amount of €8.4 million, which 
represented a premium of more than 22% over the valuation of the asset carried out in December 2019. Colonial 
also received €14 million in deferred payments from the sale of the Centro Norte Hotel asset which occurred in 
2019. In addition, on 1 July 2020, the purchase options granted in 2019 on five logistics assets were exercised. The 
exercise price of these options amounted to €110.9 million, of which Colonial had already received €11.1 million 
as an advance in 2019. 
During the first three months of 2021, several disposal were made by Group. In particular, on 13 January 2021, 
Colonial sold one of SFL’s assets located in Paris (the 112 Wagram) for an amount of €120.5 million. Subsequently, 
on 17 February 2021, Colonial disposed of a logistics asset located in Tarragona as well as another SFL asset (9 
avenue Percier) for an amount of €19.5 million and €143.5 million, respectively.

--- Page 118 ---
- 118 -
Share Capital  
As at 31 December 2020, Colonial’s issued share capital amounts to €1,270,286,952.50, represented by a single 
series of 508,114,781 ordinary shares with a nominal value of €2.50 each. 
Organisational Structure 
Description of Operations 
Overview 
Our main activity is the rental, acquisition, promotion and sale of real estate, as well as the management of 
financial participations. 
Our Core Rental Business 
Our rental business comprises the management of our Property Portfolio, which is mainly made up of office 
buildings and, to a lesser extent, commercial or retail premises, as well as the sale of real estate assets. 
We focus on the rental of quality office buildings in prime locations in the CBD of Barcelona, Madrid and Paris 
(the latter is done through SFL, in which we hold a stake of 81.71% as at the date of this Base Prospectus) (see “—
History—SFL (2018)”). As part of this activity, we have an active asset rotation strategy and undertake important 
refurbishment projects. 
SCI Paul Cézanne
Inmobiliaria Colonial, 
SOCIMI, S.A.
SA Société Foncière 
Lyonnaise
81,71%
SA Segpim
SAS Maud 
SAS SB2 
100%
SAS SB3 
SCI SB3 
66%
SAS Parholding
50%
SC Pargal
SC Parhaus
SC Parchamps
100%
SCI 103 Grenelle
SAS Locaparis 
100%
SCI Washington
SNC Condorcet 
Holding 
SNC Condorcet 
Propco 
100%
50%
Inmocol Torre Europa, 
S.A.
Utopicus Innovación 
Cultural, S.L.
100%
Colonial Tramit, S.L.U.
Peñalvento, S.L.U.
50%
Wittywood, S.L.
Inmocol One, S.A. 
Inmocol Two, S.L. 
Inmocol Three, S.L.

--- Page 119 ---
- 119 -
As at 31 December 2020, our Property Portfolio was made up of 87 buildings and projects with a total surface of 
1,790,654 sqm, from which 97,363 sqm corresponded with 77 new rental contracts signed during 2020 and which 
are distributed as follows: 23,861 sqm in Paris (of which 23,861 sqm are above ground) across 24 transactions; 
44,592 sqm in Madrid (of which 44,592 sqm are above ground) across 27 transactions; 28,911 sqm in Barcelona 
(of which 28,911 sqm are above ground) across 26 transactions. The Property Portfolio currently includes 9 
projects under construction and refurbishment as well as a number of buildings partially under refurbishment, 
representing a total surface of 323,158 sqm above ground.  
As at 31 December 2020, the assets forming our rental business were valued at an amount of €12,020 million by 
independent appraisers. As at 31 December 2020, based on the valuation, 38% of this value corresponded to assets 
located in Spain and 62% to assets located in France (held through SFL).  
Breakdown of revenues from rentals by category and location 
During 2020, the largest component of our rental revenues (93%) derived from our office buildings. Our rental 
business in France, carried out by SFL, generated 53% of our rental revenues (€182 million), while Spain 
generated 47% of our rental revenues (€159 million). In attributable terms, that is, taking into account the rental 
revenues per asset attributable to our Company’s holding of each asset (which is calculated by multiplying the 
percentage of each asset owned by our Company with the revenue of the asset), approximately 55% of the rental 
revenues were generated in Spain and the rest in France.  
The following table below shows a detailed unaudited breakdown of the category of asset and the geographical 
distribution of our revenues from rentals based on management measures for the years ended 31 December 2020 
and 2019: 
Revenues from 
rentals
Year ended 
December 2020 
Increase/ 
decrease 
2020-2019
Year ended 
December  
2019
(€ thousands)
%
(€ thousands) 
Madrid offices ...........
102,952
5%
97,925
Barcelona offices ......
46,559
0%
46,466
Rest of uses 
9,734
(17)%
11,413
Total Spain ..............
159,245
2%
155,804
Paris offices ..............
167,812
7%
156,640
Paris retail .................
11,697
(69)%
37,639
Rest of uses ...............
2,915
(34)%
4,431
Total France ............
182,424
(8)%
198,710
Total Revenues 
from rentals ..............
341,669
(4)%
354,514
Occupancy Rate 
We refer to “Occupancy Rate” as the percentage of surfaces in operation that are occupied. We refer to “EPRA 
Occupancy” as the economic occupancy calculated according to EPRA recommendations (occupied surface areas 
multiplied by the market rental prices divided by surfaces in operation at market rental prices). The EPRA 
Occupancy for our office Property Portfolio stood at 95.2% at 31 December 2020.

--- Page 120 ---
- 120 -
The EPRA Occupancy of our Property Portfolio in respect of office use as of 31 December 2020 and 2019 broken 
down by geographical area was as follows: 
As of 31 December  
EPRA Occupancy by location—offices 
2020 
(unaudited) 
2019 
(unaudited) 
Barcelona ...................................................................................................................................
95%
98%
Madrid .......................................................................................................................................
97%
96%
Paris ...........................................................................................................................................
94%
98%
Total ..........................................................................................................................................
95%
98%
The EPRA Occupancy of our Property Portfolio including other uses was 95.2% at 31 December 2020. 
Letting performance and lease terms 
During 2020, the Group signed leases for a total of 97,363 sqm. Of the total contracts, 75% (73,503 sqm) were 
signed in Barcelona and Madrid, (17,639 sqm of which corresponded to new rentals of empty surfaces), and 23,861 
sqm were signed in Paris (13,284 sqm correspond to new rentals of empty surfaces). 
Regarding the number of rental renewals in the contract portfolio, 66,440 sqm of renewals were signed in 2020. 
This high volume of renewals shows our Group’s capacity to retain clients.  
Lease terms and market rents 
The average lease term in our Property Portfolio was approximately four years as at 31 December 2020, although 
depending on the location, the average is slightly different, as set out in the table below, which provides the average 
maturity of the leases in our Property Portfolio, by market, as at 31 December 2020: 
Market 
Year
s 
Barcelona .......................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.2
Madrid ............................................................................................................................................................................................................
2.6
Paris ...............................................................................................................................................................................................................
5.1
Market Value of Assets 
We instruct independent appraisers, every six months, to prepare a valuation of all the assets that make up our 
Property Portfolio.  
The valuation is based on the independent appraisers’ estimate of the market prices that could be obtained for our 
Property Portfolio at that date. However, the valuation of property is inherently subjective due to the individual 
nature of each property. The valuation is prepared by the independent appraisers on the basis of certain information 
provided by us which was not independently verified. 
We cannot assure that any of our properties making up our Property Portfolio could have been or could be sold at 
their respective market values set forth in the valuation, if at all, or that the actual market value of our Property 
Portfolio, whether or not equivalent to the values set forth in the valuation, will not decline significantly over time 
due to various factors, including as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic and changing macro  and microeconomic 
conditions in the countries in which portions of our Property Portfolio are currently located or may be located in 
the future and other factors set forth under “Risk Factors”.

--- Page 121 ---
- 121 -
Valuation of the rental portfolio as at 31 December 2020 
As at 31 December 2020, the gross market asset value of our Property Portfolio was valued at an amount of 
approximately €12,020 million by independent appraisers (this amount includes the full value of the assets that we 
hold indirectly through joint ventures in which we have a stake of 50% or more based on certain assumptions and 
different valuation methods (a 1% decrease compared to 2019)). The valuation of our Group’s assets at 31 
December 2020 increased by 1% like for like compared to the previous year. Like for like comparison means the 
data that can be compared between one period and another (excluding investments and disposals). 
The valuation sets out the market value of the property according to the Professional Standards and Valuation 
Practice Statements contained in the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) Red Book, which is defined as 
the estimated amount for which a property should exchange on the date of valuation between a willing buyer and a 
willing seller in an arm’s-length transaction after proper marketing wherein the parties had each acted 
knowledgeably, prudently and without compulsion. See also “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to our Business—The 
valuation of our real estate asset portfolio may not precisely and accurately reflect the value of our assets at any 
given time”. The table below shows the breakdown of value by segment (properties in operation and projects) and 
location as at 31 December 2020 and 2019: 
Breakdown of value by segment 
(unaudited) 
Asset valuation 
Value as of 
31 December 
2020(1)
Value as of 
31 
December 
2019(1)
Increase/decrease 
Like-for-like basis(2)(3)
31 December 2020 vs. 
31 December 2019 
Gross asset values excluding transfer cost 
(€ in thousands) 
(€ in 
thousands) 
(€ in 
thousands) 
% 
(€ in 
thousands) 
% 
Barcelona ..................................................  
1,332,940
1,534,050
(201,110)
(13%)
(46,940)
(3%)
Madrid .......................................................  
2,440,500
2,542,650
(102,150)
(4%)
(87,530)
(3%)
Paris ..........................................................  
6,616,071
6,501,713
114,358
2%
114,358
2%
Portfolio in operation(2) ...........................  
10,389,511
10,578,413
(188,902)
(2%)
(20,112)
(0%)
Projects .....................................................  
1,555,934
1,338,093
217,841
16%
168,321
12%
Logistic & Others ......................................  
74,579
279,923
(205,344)
(73%)
(11,204)
(13%)
Colonial Group 
12,020,024
12,196,429
(176,405)
(1%)
137,005
1.2%
Spain .........................................................  
4,562,509
5,038,739
(476,230)
(9%)
(162,820)
(3%)
France .......................................................  
7,457,515
7,157,690
299,825
4%
299,825
4%
Gross asset values including transfer cost 
Total Group assets .....................................  
12,630,859
12,807,373
(176,513)
(1%)
146,317
1.2%
Spain .........................................................  
4,684,833
5,175,459
(490,626)
(9%)
(167,796)
(3%)
France .......................................................  
7,946,026
7,631,913
314,113
4%
314,113
4%
(Source: independent appraisers) 
Notes: 
(1) 
Property Portfolio in comparable terms (calculated on the basis of like-for-like valuation). 
(2) 
Like-for-like comparison means the data that can be compared between one period and another (excluding investments and 
disposals). 
(3) 
 
Property Portfolio in operation: current rental portfolio as well as new entries into operation of completed projects.

--- Page 122 ---
- 122 -
Sales 
The leasing management of our Company is carried out through: 
In house leasing management team.  Our team has vast experience in the Barcelona, Madrid and Paris office 
markets. They are in charge of the negotiation of leases with our tenants. 
Externalising leasing management to real estate brokers.  Our policy when using real estate brokers is to use 
various brokers, both local and international, in order to obtain the highest possible number of visits. However, on 
certain occasions and for a specific property, we have opted to contract exclusively with one renowned 
international broker. In either case, we always carry out negotiations directly with our tenants, with our commercial 
and legal department revising the final implementation and the lease agreement. 
We believe the use of external brokers allows us to operate a smaller and more effective commercial department 
compared with our competitors. We believe our negotiating position vis à vis real estate brokers benefits from the 
fact that there are numerous real estate brokers in the market and that we hold a relevant market share in the 
Madrid and Barcelona office markets. 
Our in house leasing management team has established long-standing relationships with our Company’s main 
clients, which is reflected by the fact that many of our major clients have leased our properties for a number of 
years. See “—Description of Operations—Our Core Rental Business—Lease terms and market rents”. 
With regard to our commercialisation strategy for existing and new projects, the main objectives of our in house 
leasing team are to (i) retain our portfolio of quality clients, (ii) capture strong credit tenants from diverse sectors 
and (iii) establish long term relationships with new tenants. 
Employees 
As at 31 December 2020, we employed 229 persons, including 22 managers, 82 professionals and technicians and 
125 administrative assistants, sales people and others. We maintained an average workforce of 231 people during 
2020. 
Social Corporate Responsibility and Sustainability 
We are actively engaged in different forms of social corporate responsibility. Our social commitment takes the form 
of promoting general welfare through achieving our corporate purpose and the creation of value for our 
shareholders, investors and employees, as well as through collaboration in various social projects. Our corporate 
responsibility strategy is also founded on our commitment to protect and preserve natural resources for future 
generations. 
Sustainable development.  In our business, we are committed to the implementation of an ambitious sustainability 
strategy, which covers the following key areas: 
• 
reduction of energy consumption and greenhouse gas emissions;
• 
certification of buildings in operation and development projects;
• 
management of water and waste; and
• 
accessibility for people with disabilities. 
In December 2020, we established a Sustainability Commission, which is comprised of five members of Colonial’s 
Board of Directors. 
Green and sustainable financing. We are currently in the process of finalising a sustainable financing framework 
that will allow us to issue green and sustainability-linked debt in the future. Through the issuance of such debt we 
aim to reinforce our commitment to sustainable development in our business.

--- Page 123 ---
- 123 -
Reconciliation of work and family life.  In the context of our social policy and in the establishment of management 
plans for the reconciliation of work and family life, our Group has introduced, for all employees, flexible hours 
both for starting work and for leaving work. 
Training.  We allocate resources each year to our training budget which, as an investment in human resources, is 
focused on the professional development of our people. It also supports employees’ initiatives aimed at improving 
their skills and motivation. 
Agreements with universities.  We actively co operate in educational cooperation programs for the training of 
students in their final years of a degree course. The main objective of this participation in university Company 
programs is to take part in the comprehensive training of the university student through an educational program in 
which theory and practice are combined, thus facilitating the student’s incorporation into the employment world. 
Employees’ committee.  We have an employees’ committee. 
Health and safety at work.  All our Group companies have set up a health and safety committee to ensure health 
and safety protection for our employees.  
Control over subcontractors.  As a policy, we only subcontract with companies which we believe comply with 
applicable social and labour obligations. A monthly review is carried out by third party companies that monitor the 
compliance of such obligations by the companies which supply services in our buildings. 
Insurance 
We maintain insurance cover which we believe is adequate for our activities in line with industry practice and 
standards. 
Environmental Matters 
We believe we have no liabilities, expenses, assets or provisions and contingencies of an environmental nature 
which could be significant in relation to our net worth, financial position and results. 
However, we are subject to a number of Spanish, French and EU laws and regulations relating to, among other 
things, environmental compliance.  
Board of Directors  
The following table sets out the name, date of first and most recent appointment to the Issuer’s Board of Directors, 
position and the status of each member of the Issuer’s Board of Directors as at the date of this Base Prospectus: 
Name
Date of first 
appointment
Date of most 
recent 
appointment
Position
Status
Appointment 
proposed by
Mr. Juan José Brugera 
Clavero ............................
06/19/2008
05/24/2018
Chairman(1)
Executive 
— 
Mr. Pedro Viñolas Serra ..
07/18/2008
05/24/2018
Chief Executive 
Officer and Vice-
Chairman 
Executive 
— 
Sheikh Ali Jassim M. J. 
Al-Thani ..........................
11/12/2015
06/30/2020
Director 
Proprietary 
Qatar Investment 
Authority
Mr. Adnane Mousannif ...
06/28/2016
06/30/2020
Director 
Proprietary 
Qatar Investment 
Authority 
Mr. Juan Carlos García 
Cañizares .........................
06/30/2014
05/24/2018
Director 
Proprietary 
Aguila LTD.
Mr. Luis Maluquer 
Trepat ..............................
07/31/2013
05/24/2018
Lead Independent 
Director 
Independent 
—

--- Page 124 ---
- 124 -
Mr. Carlos Fernández 
González .........................
06/28/2016
06/30/2020
Director 
Proprietary 
Finaccess Group 
Mr. Javier López 
Casado .............................
05/24/2018
05/24/2018
Director 
Proprietary 
Finaccess Group 
Ms. Silvia-Mónica 
Alonso-Castrillo Allain ...
01/24/2019
06/14/2019
Director 
Independent 
— 
Ms. Ana Bolado Valle .....
06/14/2019
06/14/2019
Director 
Independent 
— 
Ms. Ana Peralta Moreno .
06/14/2019
06/14/2019
Director 
Independent 
— 
Mr. Francisco Palá 
Laguna ............................
05/13/2008
05/13/2008
Non-executive 
Secretary 
— 
— 
Ms. Nuria Oferil Coll ......
05/12/2010
05/12/2010
Non-executive 
Vice-Secretary 
— 
— 
Notes: 
(1) 
Mr. Juan José Brugera Clavero has been delegated some of the faculties of the Board of Directors. However, the Chief Executive 
Officer of the Issuer is Mr. Pedro Viñolas Serra who has been delegated all faculties in accordance with the law.  
The business address of each member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer is Paseo de la Castellana, 52, 28046 
Madrid. 
Set forth below are short biographies of each member of the Board of Directors of the Issuer as well as an 
indication of the principal activities performed by them outside of the Issuer where these are significant with 
respect to the Issuer. 
Juan José Brugera Clavero 
President of Inmobiliaria Colonial Socimi, S.A. since 2008. Previously, he was Chief Executive Officer from 1994 
to 2006. President of Société Foncière Lyonnaise since 2010. 
Previously, he was Managing Director of Mutua Madrileña, Managing Director of SindiBank and Deputy 
Managing Director of Banco de Sabadell.  
Other occupations: He has been President of the Board of Trustees of the Ramón Llull University (URL). President 
of the ESADE Foundation, Panrico, Holditex and Círculo de Economía de Barcelona. 
He is an Industrial Technical Engineer and MBA from ESADE, PDG by IESE and Doctor Honoris Causa by the 
University of Rhode Island. 
Pedro Viñolas Serra 
Mr. Viñolas has an undergraduate degree in business science and an MBA from ESADE and the Polytechnic 
University of Catalonia. He completed a diploma course at the University of Barcelona, where he also studied law. 
He was hired in 1990 as director of the Studies Service of the Barcelona Stock Exchange, where he later held the 
position of deputy general manager. In 1997, he was hired to serve as managing director of FILO, S.A., a listed real 
estate company where he remained until 2001. From then until 2008, he served as partner and chief executive 
officer at the Riva y García Financial Group. He has served as chairman of the Urban Land Institute in Spain, and 
as a member of the board of directors of the Riva y García Financial Group. In addition, he was chairman of the 
Spanish Institute of Financial Analysts in Catalonia from 1994 until 2000. Mr. Viñolas joined Colonial as CEO in 
July 2008. 
He is currently a member of the board of directors of SFL and sits on its executive and strategy committee. Mr. 
Viñolas is a full professor in the Department of Finance of ESADE and a member of the Board of Directors of 
Bluespace, S.A. He is a member of the board of directors of the European Real Estate Association (EPRA).

--- Page 125 ---
- 125 -
Sheikh Ali Jassim M. J. Al Thani 
In collaboration with the Qatari government, he has been involved in the commerce, finance and real estate sectors 
for more than 30 years. He is the senior consultant on strategy and investments since 2007. 
From 1995 until 2016, he was the vice president, member of the board of directors and member of the executive 
committee of the Housing Bank for Trade and Finance of Jordan (the second most important bank in Jordan). He 
has been a member of the board of directors and the vice president of the United Arab Shipping Company in Dubai, 
UAE, since 2003. Since 2007, he has been the vice president of the Libyan Qatari Bank and in 2009 he was named 
president and the general director of Qatar Navigation (a company he was on the board of directors of from 2003 
until 2016). Qatar Navigation is active in maritime transport and real estate. Since 2012, he has been a member of 
the board of directors of Qatar Abu Dhabi Investment Company; a company specialised in real estate investment 
and private equity. In November 2015, he was named a director of SFL. 
Adnane Mousannif 
Of French and Moroccan dual citizenship, he currently performs his functions at Qatar Investment Authority –
QIA– the sovereign investment fund of Qatar. In recent years, he has participated, on behalf of QIA, in the majority 
of its real estate transactions in Europe and America, including the acquisition by the group of Canary Wharf in 
London and the acquisition of the Virgin Megastore building on the Champs Élysées in Paris.  
Also on behalf of QIA, he participated in its acquisition of a shareholding in Société Foncière Lyonnaise and 
Colonial in Spain. He previously spent several years working for the Morgan Stanley Real Estate Investing funds 
in Europe. He holds a Master in Business Creation and Finance from the ESCP Europe Business School and a 
degree in Civil Engineering. 
Juan Carlos García Cañizares  
Industrial Engineer. He also studied management programmes at IMD Switzerland, and holds an MBA granted 
jointly by the New York University Stern School of Business, London School of Economics and HEC Paris.  
He is an investment banker who was responsible for more than $35 billion in mergers, acquisitions and financing 
of acquisitions over a period of more than 25 years. He was Vice President of Planning for Bavaria, one of Latin 
America’s leading breweries, where he was responsible for the $4 billion international brewery acquisition 
programme, and for the subsequent $8 billion merger with SABMiller plc, creating the world’s second largest 
brewery. In recent years, he led negotiations on behalf of the Santo Domingo Group for the conversion of its 
holding in SABMiller into a share in Anheuser Busch Inbev following the merger of the two, an operation which 
was finalised in 2016. Before joining the Santo Domingo Group, he was co-founder and Main Partner of 
Estrategias Corporativas, an investment banking advisory firm in Latin America.  
He is currently Managing Director of Quadrant Capital Advisors, Inc. in New York (a Santo Domingo Group 
investment advisory company based in New York). He is responsible for Quadrant Capital’s Strategic Investments 
Group, including investments in AB-Inbev and in the consumer, financial system, natural resources and energy 
sectors worldwide, among others. He is a member of multiple Boards of Directors, including Bevco Lux S.A.R.L 
and Samson & Surrey S.A.R.L. (Luxembourg),.  Bavaria, S.A., Valorem S.A. (Colombia) and Genesis Foundation 
(USA). 
Carlos Fernández González 
An industrial engineer, he has followed senior management programmes at Instituto Panamericano de Alta 
Dirección de Empresas. 
For more than 30 years he has held positions of substantial responsibility, complexity and skills in the management 
of companies in various sectors. He was CEO (1997-2013) and Chairman of the Board of Directors (2005-2013) of 
the Grupo Modelo. Following his appointment as CEO up until 2013, this Group consolidated its position as the 
leading brewery in Mexico, the seventh group worldwide and the largest beer exporter in the world.

--- Page 126 ---
- 126 -
Also, he has been a director at international and Spanish companies, including, inter alia, Anheuser Busch (US), 
Emerson Electric Co. (US), Grupo Televisa (Mexico), Crown Imports, Ltd. (US), Inbursa (Mexico) and Bolsa 
Mexicana de Valores. In addition, he has been a member of the international advisory council of Banco Santander, 
S.A. and director of Grupo Financiero Santander México S.A.B de C.V. and until October 2019 member of the 
Board of Banco Santander, S.A.  
He is currently Chairman of the Board of Directors and CEO of Grupo Finaccess S.A.P.I. de C.V., a company 
which he founded, which is present in Mexico, US, Western and Eastern Europe, China, Australia and New Zeland. 
He is also a proprietary director of the following companies: Inmobiliaria Colonial, AmRest Holdings, S.E. and 
Restaurant Brands New Zealand Limited.  
Luis Maluquer Trepat 
Mr. Maluquer is a law graduate from the University of Barcelona, with a diploma in International Institutions from 
the University of Geneva. 
Throughout his career at the law firm Maluquer Advocats, SCP, he has advised different national and international 
institutions, providing his services in the fields of consulting, legal advice, lawsuits and arbitration and mediation 
procedures. He also has teaching experience at various institutions, such as the Barcelona Chamber of Commerce, 
and he has been the director representing Spain in the European Society for Banking and Financial Law (AEDBF 
Paris). 
Founding partner of Despacho Maluquer Advocats, SCP and a director and secretary of a number of companies, 
including SFL, where he is a board member. In addition, he has special powers of attorney and is board secretary of 
various subsidiaries of French companies and of the Swiss Confederation, especially in the infrastructure and agri 
food industries. He has been president of the Argentinian Chamber of Commerce in Spain. 
Javier López Casado 
Javier López Casado joined Finaccess as International Director of Asset Management in November 2010. He has 
been CEO of Finaccess Advisors LLC since 2012. He has also been responsible for Finaccess Estrategia S.L. in 
Spain since 2014.  
Prior to joining Finaccess, he worked as Senior Vice President for Santander Private Banking in Miami. He 
previously held different posts in Banco Santander’s International Private Banking area in Madrid and Miami. He 
worked for the Santander Group from 1996 to 2010.  
Before joining Banco Santander, he worked as a lawyer in Madrid. He has 22 years’ experience in financial 
markets and is a member of the Board of Directors of Grupo Finaccess, the International Investment Committee 
and the Audit Committee of Finaccess Advisors LLC.  
He is Chairman of SOLTRA S.L., a company working on the promotion, education and rehabilitation of people 
with different capacities in order to achieve full social integration, which currently has 400 employees. He also sits 
on the board of trustees of several foundations in Spain and Mexico.  
He holds a Law Degree from the University San Pablo CEU of Madrid, an MBA from the University of Miami and 
a Masters in Legal and Tax Consulting for Construction and Real Estate Companies from the Universidad 
Politécnica of Madrid. 
Silvia Mónica Alonso-Castrillo Allain 
Ms Alonso-Castrillo holds a degree in Political Sciences by the Sciences Po University (Paris) as well as a Master’s 
Degree and a PhD in Spanish and Latin American Studies by the Paris-Sorbonne University. By civil service 
examination, she became a professor of Spanish studies in France. She has been teaching and researching for 25 
years (1984-2009) in various French academic institutions: the Toulouse University, Sciences Po and ESSEC 
Business School. She has published several books on Spanish contemporary history and politics.

--- Page 127 ---
- 127 -
Ms Alonso-Castrillo worked for the French Embassy in Singapore as counsellor for culture and science, before 
being appointed regional director for INSEAD. She has supervised the development of two campuses in Singapore: 
the French Lycée and INSEAD (1996-1999).  
Upon her return to Europe in 2000, she worked for 15 years with ESSEC, managing international development and 
fundraising for the business school, which also opened a campus in Singapore.  
In 2007, she founded in Madrid the consultancy firm Sociedad de Estudios Hispano Franceses S.L. (Society of 
Spanish-French Studies) and has been leading it until 2019. Since 2013, Ms Alonso-Castrillo runs the family estate 
in the Loire Valley (France). 
She has sat on the Board of the College des Bernardins (Paris) as well as on the Executive Committee of the 
Fondation pour les Sciences Sociales (Paris). Since 2017, Ms Alonso-Castrillo sits on the board of Koiki Home 
S.L. 
Ana Peralta Moreno 
Ms Ana Peralta is currently an independent director of BBVA and of Grenergy Renovables, S.A., a renewable 
energy company listed on the Spanish Stock Exchanges, where she chairs the Audit and Control Committee and is 
a member of the Appointment and Remuneration Committee. 
She has extensive experience in the financial sector. She began her professional career with Bankinter in 1990, 
where she worked in extremely different areas until late 2008. She headed up Bankinter’s first Internet Office and 
ran the Chairman’s Office. During her last years at the bank, she was Chief Risk Officer and a member of the 
Management Committee. 
From 2009 to 2012 she sat on the Management Committee at Banco Pastor, where she worked as General Manager 
of Risk. 
From 2012 to 2018, Ms Ana Peralta divided her time between a post as Senior Advisor with Oliver Wyman 
Financial Services and was a member of several boards of directors. She was an independent director at Banco 
Etcheverría, at Deutsche Bank, SAE and also at Lar Holding Residencial. 
She holds a degree in Economics and Business Administration from the Madrid Complutense University and a 
Master’s Degree in Financial Management from CEF (1991), studied the PMD Programme (Program for 
Management Development) at Harvard Business School (2002) and the PADE programme at the IESE business 
school (2016). 
Ana Bolado Valle 
She holds a degree in Pharmacy from the Madrid Complutense University and also a Master’s Degree in Business 
Administration (MBA) from IE Business School. 
In the course of her professional career, Ms Ana Bolado Valle worked in several managing posts at Banco 
Santander Group (1986-2017), managing important wholesale and retail business areas, digital transformation 
projects and key areas for the Group such as the Corporate Direction of the Human Resources Department between 
2005 and 2010. 
Currently Ms Ana Bolado Valle is proprietary director at Metrovacesa, S.A., where she was appointed at the behest 
of Banco Santander, S.A. and independent director at Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A. and Unicaja 
Banco, S.A. She chairs the Appointments and Remunerations Committee and sits on the Audit Committee at 
Parques Reunidos Servicios Centrales, S.A. At Unicaja Banco, S.A. she also chairs the Appointments Committee 
and is a member of the Risk Committee and of the Remunerations Committee. Additionally, Ms Ana Bolado Valle 
is a member of the Advisory Board of Fellow Funders, an equity crowdfunding platform to boost funding for start-
ups and SMEs as well as member of the Directors and Administrators Institute (Instituto de Consejeros y 
Administradores–ICA) and of Women Corporate Directors.

--- Page 128 ---
- 128 -
Conflicts of Interest 
According to the information provided by Colonial’s directors and senior management and to the best of Colonial’s 
knowledge, there are no potential conflicts of interests between any duties they have to the Issuer and their private 
interests. 
Major Shareholders 
The following table shows the shareholdings of Colonial’s principal shareholders (based on the latest information 
available to us as at 12 May 2021). 
Number of voting rights  
(based on the latest information available to Colonial as at 12 May2021) 
Shareholder 
Percentage of voting rights 
attached to shares 
Percentage of voting 
rights through 
financial instruments 
Percentage over the 
total number of 
voting rights 
Direct
Indirect 
Qatar Investment Authority (1)
0
20.207
0
20.207
Mr. Carlos Fernández González (2)(3)
0
15.750
0
15.750
Inmo, S.L. (4)
0
5.708
0
5.708
Aguila LTD (5)
0
5.684
1.855
7.539
PGGM Vermogensbeheer B.V. (6)
0
4.894
0
4.894
PGGM Listed Real Estate PF Fund 
4.837
0
0
4.837
BlackRock Inc. (7)
0
3.020
0.747
3.767
DIC Holding LLC  
4.287
0
0
4.287
Norges Bank 
3.026
0
0.172
3.198
Total.................................... 
12.150%
55,263%
2.774
70.187%
Notes: 
(1)  
Through Qatar Holding LLC, Qatar Holding Netherlands BV and Qatar Holding Luxembourg II Sarl. 
(2) 
Through  Grupo Far-Luca, S.A. de C.V., Grupo Finaccess, S.A.P.I. de C.V., Finaccess Capital, S.A. de C.V. Hofinac B.V. and 
Finaccess Capital Inversores, S.L. T 
(3) 
These figures have been adjusted based on the current share capital of Colonial 
(4) 
Through Trudonba XXI S.L.U.  
(5) 
Through Park S.A.R.L. and SNI International Holdings S.A.R.L. 
(6) 
Through PGGM Listed Real Estate PF Fund. 
(7) 
Through several North American funds. 
As far as the Issuer is aware, the Issuer is not directly or indirectly owned or controlled by any person.

--- Page 129 ---
- 129 -
SPANISH SOCIMI REGIME AND TAXATION 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of tax law and practice currently 
applicable and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, which could be 
made with retroactive effect. The following summary does not purport to be a comprehensive description of all the 
tax considerations that may be relevant to a decision to acquire, hold or dispose of the Notes, and does not purport 
to deal with the tax consequences applicable to all categories of investors, some of whom (such as dealers in 
securities) may be subject to special rules or to special tax regimes applicable in the Basque Country and Navarra 
(Territorios Forales). Other than in accordance with Condition 13 (Taxation), the Issuer does not assume 
responsibility for withholding taxes. Prospective investors who are in any doubts as to their position should consult 
with their own professional advisers. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts 
under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect of the Notes is at arm’s length. 
1. 
Spanish SOCIMI Regime 
The following paragraphs are intended as a general guide only and constitute a high level summary of Colonial’s 
understanding of current Spanish law in respect of the current Spanish SOCIMI Regime. The Spanish SOCIMI 
Regime was enacted originally in October 2009 and was amended at the end of 2012. The amendments introduced 
in 2012 improved the regime and facilitated the incorporation of the first SOCIMI during the second six months of 
2013. This summary is based on the key aspects of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime as they apply to Colonial. 
Investors should seek their own advice in relation to taxation matters. 
Overview 
The Spanish SOCIMI Regime is intended to facilitate attracting new sources of capital to the Spanish real estate 
rental market; it follows similar legislation adopted in the UK and other European countries, as well as a long 
established real estate investment trusts regime in the United States. One of the primary aims of these types of 
regimes is to minimise tax inefficiency of holding real estate through corporate ownership by removing corporate 
taxation at the level of the SOCIMI, promote rental activities and professional management of this type of business. 
Provided certain conditions and tests are satisfied (see “—1.2 Qualification as Spanish SOCIMI” below), a 
SOCIMI does not generally pay Spanish corporate tax on the profits deriving from its activities— it is subject to a 
0% Corporate Income Tax rate. Instead, profits must be distributed and such income could be subject to taxation in 
the hands of the shareholder or, in certain cases, of the SOCIMI. 
Qualification as Spanish SOCIMI 
In order to qualify for the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, a SOCIMI must satisfy certain conditions. A summary of the 
material conditions is set out below. 
Trading requirement 
SOCIMIs must be listed on a regulated market or alternative investment market in Spain or in other European 
Union or European Economic Area member state, or on a regulated market of any other country which has a tax 
information exchange agreement with Spain, uninterruptedly for the entire tax period. 
Purpose of the SOCIMI / Minimum share capital 
SOCIMIs must take the form of a public limited liability company (sociedad anónima), with a minimum share 
capital of €5 million. Furthermore, the SOCIMI’s shares must be in registered form, nominative and only one 
single class of shares is permitted.

--- Page 130 ---
- 130 -
A SOCIMI must have as its main corporate purpose: 
• 
the acquisition, development and refurbishment of urban real estate for rental purposes (in Spain 
or in a country which has signed a tax information exchange agreement with Spain) or plots of 
land for the development of such real estate provided that such development has commenced 
within three years following acquisition (“Qualifying Assets”); and/or
• 
the holding of interest in other SOCIMIs or in the share capital or assets of other non-resident 
SOCIMIs, unlisted SOCIMIs, unlisted non-resident entities entirely owned by a SOCIMI or other 
entities, irrespective of whether they are resident in Spain (provided that such foreign country has 
signed a tax information exchange agreement with Spain), which have as its main corporate 
purpose the acquisition of urban real estate assets for lease and which are governed by the same 
regime established for SOCIMIs as regards legal or statutory mandatory profit distribution and 
investment policies (“Qualifying Subsidiaries”); and/or
• 
the holding of shares in real estate collective investment institutions. 
Qualifying Subsidiaries that are non resident entities must be resident in countries with which Spain has a treaty or 
agreement providing for an exchange of tax information provision. 
SOCIMIs are allowed to carry out other ancillary activities that do not fall under the scope of their main corporate 
purpose. However, such ancillary activities must not exceed 20% of the assets or 20% of the income of the 
SOCIMI in each tax year, in accordance with the minimum qualifying assets and qualifying income tests described 
below. 
Restrictions on investments 
At least 80% of the SOCIMI’s assets must be invested in Qualifying Assets, Qualifying Subsidiaries and/or real 
estate collective institutions. 
The DGT has confirmed that the assets should be measured on a gross basis, disregarding depreciation or 
impairments, in accordance with Royal Decree of 16 November 2007, approving the Spanish General Accounting 
Plan (Plan General de Contabilidad) which sets forth the Spanish generally accepted accounting principles 
(“Spanish GAAP”). 
In the event the SOCIMI has subsidiaries that are deemed to be a part of the same group of companies for Spanish 
corporate law purposes, the calculation of this 80% threshold for the dominant entity will be made on a 
consolidated basis according to Spanish GAAP. For these purposes, the group of companies would be integrated 
exclusively by SOCIMIs and other Qualifying Subsidiaries. 
There are no asset diversification requirements. 
Restrictions on income 
At least 80% of a SOCIMI’s net annual income must derive from the lease of Qualifying Assets, or from dividends 
distributed by Qualifying Subsidiaries and real estate collective investment institutions and companies. 
The DGT considers that the annual income should be measured on a net basis, taking into consideration direct 
income expenses and a pro rata portion of general expenses. These concepts should be calculated in accordance 
with Spanish GAAP, subject to any applicable tax adjustments, upwards or downwards, as set out by the Spanish 
Corporate Income Tax Law, without prejudice to the special provisions of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime. 
Lease agreements between entities within the same group would not be deemed a qualifying activity and, therefore, 
the rent deriving from such agreements cannot exceed 20% of the SOCIMI’s income. 
Capital gains derived from the sale of Qualifying Assets are in principle excluded from the 80%/20% net income 
test. However, if a Qualifying Asset is sold before it is held for a minimum three year period, then (i) such capital

--- Page 131 ---
- 131 -
gain would compute as non qualifying revenue; and (ii) such gain would be taxed at the standard Corporate Income 
Tax rate (currently, a 25% rate). Furthermore, the entire income, including rental income, derived from such asset 
also would be subject to the standard Corporate Income Tax rate. 
Minimum holding period 
Qualifying assets must be held by the SOCIMI for a three year period since (i) the acquisition of the asset by the 
SOCIMI, or (ii) the first day of the financial year in which Colonial became a SOCIMI if the asset was held by 
Colonial before becoming a SOCIMI. In the case of urban real estate, the holding period requires that these assets 
are actually rented for at least three years. For these purposes, the time during which the real asset has been offered 
for lease (even if vacant) may be added to the time the asset was leased for a maximum of one year.  
Notwistanding the above, even if held for a minimum three year period, the transfer of real estate assets that were 
held prior to the application of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime would be partly subject to taxation. In particular, the 
profit that is deemed to be obtained prior to the application of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime would be subject to 
taxation at the general Corporate Income Tax rate (currently 25%) with the possibility of using, under the 
applicable limitations, pre-existing tax credits/assets. In this regard, the SOCIMI Act sets out a rebuttable 
presumption (rebuttable either by the Company or by the Spanish tax authorities, as confirmed by the Spanish 
General Tax Directorate (Dirección General de Tributos, the “DGT”) in ruling n.3767-15) by virtue of which any 
profit obtained on the transfer of real estate assets that were held prior to the application of the Spanish SOCIMI 
Regime is deemed to be obtained on a lineal basis along the holding period of the relevant asset. 
Mandatory dividend distribution 
Under the Spanish SOCIMI Regime, a SOCIMI is required to adopt resolutions for the distribution of dividends, 
after fulfilling any relevant requirement in accordance with the Spanish Companies Act (Ley de Sociedades de 
Capital) (e.g., contribution to legal reserve), to shareholders annually within the six months following the end of 
the SOCIMI’s financial year of (i) at least 50% of the profits arising from the transfer of Qualifying Assets, 
Qualifying Subsidiaries and real estate collective investment funds carried out once the minimum three year 
holding period described in “Minimum holding period” above has ended (in which case the remainder of such 
profits must be reinvested in other Qualifying Assets within a maximum period of three years from the date of the 
sale, or otherwise distributed as dividends once such reinvestment period has lapsed); (ii) 100% of the profits 
derived from dividends received from Qualifying Subsidiaries; and (iii) at least 80% of all other profits obtained 
(e.g., mainly, income derived from the lease activity or profits derived from ancillary activities). If the relevant 
dividend distribution resolution was not adopted in a timely manner, or the SOCIMI fails to pay (totally or 
partially) the corresponding dividends, the SOCIMI would lose its SOCIMI status as of the year in which the 
undistributed profits were obtained (inclusive). 
Dividends must be paid within the month following the agreement for the distribution of dividends. 
In addition, according to the Spanish SOCIMI Regime (i) the SOCIMI legal reserve may not exceed 20% of the 
share capital of the SOCIMI; and (ii) the SOCIMI’s by laws may not establish any reserve that is not available for 
distribution to its shareholders other than the legal reserve. 
Leverage 
A SOCIMI has no specific limitation on indebtedness. 
Tax limitations approved by the Spanish government (limits on the tax deduction of financial expenses and 
carrying forward of tax losses limitations) should have no practical impact provided that the SOCIMI is taxed at a 
0% Corporate Income Tax rate. 
Additional 19% tax charge 
The SOCIMI may become subject to a 19% Corporate Income Tax on the gross dividend distributed to any 
shareholder that holds a stake equal to or higher than 5% of the share capital of the SOCIMI when such shareholder 
is exempt from any tax on the dividends or subject to tax on the dividends received at a rate lower than 10% (for

--- Page 132 ---
- 132 -
these purposes, final tax due under the Non Resident Income Tax Law is also taken into consideration (a 
“Substantial Shareholder”). 
The DGT has issued three binding rulings (n.3308-14,n.0323-15 and n.1540-16) indicating that the 10% test to be 
carried out in order to identify Substantial Shareholders should be focused on the tax liability arising from the 
dividend income considered individually, taking into account (a) exemptions and tax credits affecting the dividends 
received by the shareholder and (b) those expenses incurred by the shareholder which are directly linked to the 
dividend income (e.g., fees paid in relation to the management of the shareholding in the relevant SOCIMI 
distributing the dividends, or financial expenses (interest) deriving from the financing obtained to fund the 
acquisition of the shares of the relevant SOCIMI), without taking into consideration for this purpose other income 
of the shareholder (e.g., compensation of carried forward losses by the shareholder). In addition, the DGT has 
confirmed that the withholding tax levied on a dividend payment (including any non-resident income tax liability) 
should also be taken into consideration by the shareholder for assessing this 10% threshold. 
Notwithstanding the above, the by laws of Colonial include indemnity obligations of the Substantial Shareholders 
in favour of the Company. In particular, the by-Laws require that in the event a dividend payment is made to a 
Substantial Shareholder, the Company will be entitled to deduct an amount equivalent to the tax expenses incurred 
by the Company on such dividend payment from the amount to be paid to such Substantial Shareholder. 
Penalties 
The loss of the SOCIMI status triggers adverse consequences for the SOCIMI. Causes for such loss of status are: 
• 
delisting of the SOCIMI’s shares;
• 
substantial failure to comply with its information and reporting obligations, unless such failure is 
remedied by preparing fully compliant annual accounts which contain certain required 
information in the following year;
• 
failure to adopt a dividend distribution resolution or to effectively satisfy the dividends within the 
deadlines described under “Mandatory dividend distribution” above. In this case, the loss of 
SOCIMI status would have effects as of the tax year in which the profits not distributed were 
obtained;
• 
waiver of the Spanish SOCIMI Regime by the SOCIMI; and/or
• 
failure to meet any of the other requirements established in the SOCIMI Act unless such failure is 
remedied within the following fiscal year. However, the failure to observe the minimum holding 
period of the assets would not give rise to the loss of SOCIMI status, but (i) the assets would be 
deemed non Qualifying Assets; and (ii) income derived from such assets would be taxed at the 
standard Corporate Income Tax rate (i.e., currently, 25%). 
Should the SOCIMI fall into any of the above scenarios, the Spanish SOCIMI Regime will be lost and the SOCIMI 
would be taxed in accordance with the general Spanish Corporate Income Tax regime and the general Corporate 
Income Tax rate (currently, 25%), and will not be able to elect for the Spanish SOCIMI Regime for the following 
three fiscal years as of the end of the last tax period in which the SOCIMI was applicable.  
Furthermore, non compliance of the information and reporting obligations will constitute a serious breach by the 
SOCIMI resulting in financial penalties. 
2. 
The Proposed Financial Transactions Tax (“EU FTT”) 
On 14 February 2013, the European Commission published a proposal (the “Commission’s Proposal”) for a 
Directive for a common EU FTT in Belgium, Germany, Estonia, Greece, Spain, France, Italy, Austria, Portugal, 
Slovenia and Slovakia (the “Participating Member States”). However, Estonia has since stated that it will not 
participate and has already pulled out of the EU FTT.

--- Page 133 ---
- 133 -
The Commission’s Proposal has very broad scope and could, if introduced, apply to certain dealings in the Notes 
(including secondary market transactions) in certain circumstances. The issuance and subscription of Notes should, 
however, be exempt. 
Under the Commission’s Proposal the EU FTT could apply in certain circumstances to persons both within and 
outside of the participating Member States. Generally, it would apply to certain dealings in the Notes where at least 
one party is a financial institution, and at least one party is established in a participating Member State. A financial 
institution may be, or be deemed to be, “established” in a Participating Member State in a broad range of 
circumstances, including (a) by transacting with a person established in a Participating Member State or (b) where 
the financial instrument which is subject to the dealings is issued in a Participating Member State. 
In the ECOFIN meeting of 17 June 2016, the EU FTT was discussed between the EU Member States. It has been 
reiterated in this meeting that participating Member States envisage introducing an EU FTT by means of enhanced 
cooperation.  
On 3 December 2018, the finance ministers of France and Germany outlined a joint proposal for a limited FTT 
based on a system already in place in France. Under the new proposal, the tax obligation would apply only to 
transactions involving shares issued by domestic companies with a market capitalisation of over €1 billion. 
Notwithstanding the above, the EU FTT proposal remains subject to negotiation between the remaining 
Participating Member States and the scope of any such tax is uncertain. It may therefore be altered prior to any 
implementation, the timing of which remains unclear.  
3. 
The Spanish Financial Transactions Tax
On 16 October 2020, the Spanish Parliament approved Law 5/2020, of 15 October, on the Tax on Financial 
Transactions (“Spanish FTT Law”) introducing the Spanish Financial Transaction Tax (“Spanish FTT”) that has 
entered into force on 16 January 2021. 
It is to be noted, however, that the preamble of the Spanish FTT Law states that Spain would continue to participate 
in the enhanced co-operation for the approval of the EU FTT and, if finally approved, Spain would adapt the 
Spanish FTT to align it with the EU FTT.  
The Spanish FTT is broadly aligned with the French and Italian financial transactions tax. Specifically, the Spanish 
FTT is an indirect tax levied a rate of 0.2 on the acquisitions for consideration of shares issued by Spanish 
companies regardless of the residency of the parties involved in the transaction, or of the jurisdiction where the 
shares are traded, provided that they comply with the following conditions: (i) the shares should be admitted to 
trading on a regulated market under Directive 2014/65/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of 15 
May 2014 on markets in financial instruments (or in a foreign market declared equivalent by the European 
Commission), and (ii) the stock market capitalisation value of the company should exceed €1,000 million. The 
Spanish FTT will be payable on a monthly basis.  
However, according to the Spanish FTT Law, the Spanish FTT should not apply in relation to an issue of Notes 
under the Programme. 
3. 
FATCA 
Pursuant to certain provisions of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, commonly known as FATCA, a “foreign 
financial institution” may be required to withhold on certain payments it makes (“foreign passthru payments”) to 
persons that fail to meet certain certification, reporting, or related requirements. A number of jurisdictions 
(including Spain) have entered into, or have agreed in substance to, intergovernmental agreements with the United 
States to implement FATCA (“IGAs”), which modify the way in which FATCA applies in their jurisdictions. Under 
the provisions of IGAs as currently in effect, a foreign financial institution in an IGA jurisdiction would generally 
not be required to withhold under FATCA or an IGA from payments that it makes. Certain aspects of the 
application of the FATCA provisions and IGAs to instruments such as the Notes, including whether withholding 
would ever be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, 
are uncertain and may be subject to change. Even if withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA

--- Page 134 ---
- 134 -
with respect to payments on instruments such as the Notes, such withholding would not apply to payments made 
prior to the date that is two years after the date on which the final regulations defining “foreign pass-through 
payments” are published in the U.S. Federal Register and Notes issued on or prior to the date that is six months 
after the date on which final regulations defining “foreign passthru payments” are filed with the U.S. Federal 
Register generally would be “grandfathered” for purposes of FATCA withholding unless materially modified after 
such date. Holders should consult their own tax advisors regarding how these rules may apply to their investment 
in the Notes. In the event any withholding would be required pursuant to FATCA or an IGA with respect to 
payments on the Notes, no person will be required to pay additional amounts as a result of the withholding. 
4. 
The Kingdom of Spain
Introduction 
This information has been prepared in accordance with the following Spanish tax legislation in force at the date of 
this Base Prospectus: 
(a) 
of general application, Additional Provision One of Law 10/2014, of 26 June on the management, 
supervision and solvency of credit institutions (“Law 10/2014”); and Royal Decree 1065/2007, of 27 July 
establishing information obligations in relation to preferential holdings and other debt instruments and 
certain income obtained by individuals resident in the European Union and other tax rules as amended by 
Royal Decree 1145/2011 of 29 July (“Royal Decree 1065/2007”);
(b) 
for individuals with tax residency in Spain who are personal income tax (“Personal Income 
Tax”) tax payers, Law 35/2006, of 28 November on Personal Income Tax and on the partial 
amendment of the Corporate Income Tax Law, Non Residents Income Tax Law and Wealth Tax 
Law (the “Personal Income Tax Law”), and Royal Decree 439/2007, of 30 March 2007 
promulgating the Personal Income Tax Regulations as amended by Royal Decree 633/2015, of 10 
July, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June 1991 on Wealth Tax and Law 29/1987, of 18 December 
1987 on Inheritance and Gift Tax;
(c) 
for legal entities resident for tax purposes in Spain which are corporate income tax (“Corporate 
Income Tax” or “CIT”) taxpayers, Law 27/2014, of 27 November, on Corporate Income Tax and 
Royal Decree 634/2015, of 10 July promulgating the Corporate Income Tax Regulations (the 
“Corporate Income Tax Regulations”); and
(d) 
for individuals and legal entities who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain and are non-
resident income tax (“Non-Resident Income Tax”) taxpayers, Royal Legislative Decree 5/2004, 
of 5 March promulgating the Consolidated Text of the Non-Resident Income Tax Law (“Non-
Resident Income Tax Law”) and Royal Decree 1776/2004, of 30 July promulgating the Non-
Resident Income Tax Regulations, along with Law 19/1991, of 6 June on Wealth Tax and Law 
29/1987, of 18 December on Inheritance and Gift Tax. 
Whatever the nature and residence of the holder of a beneficial interest in the Notes (each, a “Beneficial Owner”), 
the acquisition and transfer of the Notes will be exempt from indirect taxes in Spain, for example exempt from 
transfer tax and stamp duty, in accordance with the consolidated text of such tax promulgated by Royal Legislative 
Decree 1/1993, of 24 September 1993, and exempt from value added tax, in accordance with Law 37/1992, of 28 
December 1992 regulating such tax. 
5. 
Individuals with Tax Residency in Spain 
5.1 
Personal Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de las Personas Físicas) 
Both interest periodically received and income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the 
Notes would constitute a return on investment obtained from the transfer of own capital to third parties in 
accordance with the provisions of Section 25.2 of the Personal Income Tax Law, and therefore must be 
included in each investor’s taxable savings and taxed at the tax rate applicable according to the 
progressive scale, i.e. currently at the rate of 19 per cent. for taxable income up to €6,000, 21 per cent. for

--- Page 135 ---
- 135 -
taxable income between €6,000.01 to €50,000 and 23 per cent. for taxable income between €50,001 and 
€200,000. Please note that Law 11/2020, of 30 December, on the General State Budget for 2021 (the 
“Budget Law for 2021”) has introduced a new tax range in the scale, effective from 1 January 2021 and 
with indefinite duration, according to which income exceeding €200,000 will be taxed at a flat rate of 26 
per cent. 
As a general rule, both types of income are subject to a withholding tax on account at the rate of 19 per 
cent. However:  
(a)  
in respect of Bearer Notes – according to article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially 
registered in a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations 
or under those of another OECD member state (as the Notes issued by the Issuer), the Issuer will 
make interest payments to individual holders who are resident for tax purposes in Spain without 
withholding provided that the relevant information about the Bearer Notes (as described below 
in “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments”) is submitted by the Fiscal Agent; 
and it would not be necessary to provide the Issuer with the identity of the holder who are 
individuals resident in Spain for tax purposes or to indicate the amount of income attributable to 
such individuals. However, withholding tax at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. may have to be 
deducted by other entities (such as depositaries, institutions or financial entities) provided that 
such entities are resident for tax purposes in Spain or have a permanent establishment in Spanish 
territory. 
(b) 
in respect of Book-entry Notes – debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially 
registered in a Spanish clearing and settlement entity interest payment made to Spanish tax 
resident individuals will be subject to withholding tax (currently 19 per cent). However, with 
certain exceptions, income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes should generally 
not be subject to withholding on account of Personal Income Tax provided that the Book-entry 
Notes are:  
• 
Registered by way of book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and 
• 
Negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as 
AIAF.  
Except to the portion of the price which is equivalent to the accrued interest on any transfer 
which are made within the 30 days immediately prior to the maturity of the cupon, when (i) the 
acquirer is an individual or entity not resident in Spain or is a taxable person for CIT purposes; 
and (ii) this express income is exempt from the obligation to withhold in relation to the acquirer.  
Zero-coupon notes do not fall within the abovementioned exemption. 
In any event, individual holders may credit the withholding tax applied (in respect of both, Book-entry 
Notes and Bearer Notes) against their Personal Income Tax liability for the relevant fiscal year.  
Please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Spanish withholding tax regime” above in relation 
to such information procedures. 
5.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Wealth Tax may be levied in Spain on resident individuals, on a worldwide basis.  
Generally, individuals with tax residency in Spain are subject to Wealth Tax to the extent that their net 
worth exceeds €700,000 (subject to any exceptions provided under relevant legislation in an autonomous 
region (Comunidad Autónoma). Therefore, they should take into account the value of the Notes which 
they hold as at 31 December in each year, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per 
cent. Please note that with effects as of 1 January 2021, the highest tax rate of the Net Wealth Tax has

--- Page 136 ---
- 136 -
been increased from 2.5. per cent to 3.5 per cent. for taxable bases in excess of €10,695,996.06. 
Nevertheless, the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each Autonomous Community. 
Thus, investors should consult their tax advisers according to the particulars of their situation. 
Law 4/2008, of 23 December introduced a 100% relief (bonificación del 100%) on Net Wealth Tax. 
However, the Spanish Central Government provisionally repealed the 100% relief of this tax for years 
2011 and 2012. This provisional measure was extended yearly, until December 2020. As of year 2021, the 
100% relief on Net Wealth Tax has been definitively repealed by the Budget Law for 2021 (so that the 
repeal of the tax relief will no longer have to be extended every year).  
5.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Individuals with tax residency in Spain who acquire ownership or other rights over any Notes by 
inheritance, gift or legacy will be subject to inheritance and gift tax in accordance with the applicable 
Spanish regional or state rules. As at the date of this Base Prospectus, the applicable tax rates currently 
range between 7.65 per cent. and 34 per cent. Relevant factors applied (such as previous net wealth or 
family relationship among transferor and transferee) determine the final effective tax rate that range, as of 
the date of this Base Prospectus, between 0 per cent. and 81.6 per cent. 
6. 
Legal Entities with Tax Residency in Spain 
6.1 
Corporate Income Tax (Impuesto sobre Sociedades) 
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes constitute a return 
on investments for tax purposes obtained from the transfer to third parties of own capital and would have 
to be included in profit and taxable income of legal entities with tax residency in Spain for Corporate 
Income Tax purposes in accordance with the rules for Corporate Income Tax and subject to the applicable 
tax rate (being the general tax rate, 25 per cent).  
Notwithstanding the above, particular tax rules may apply and, in this regard, a distinction shall be made 
between Book-entry Notes and Bearer Notes. In particular:  
(a) In respect of Bearer Notes – in accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in 
a foreign clearing and settlement entity that is recognised under Spanish regulations or under those of 
another OECD member state (as the Notes issued by the Issuer), there is no obligation to withhold on 
income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers (which for the sake of clarity, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds). Consequently, the Issuer will not withhold on 
interest payments to Spanish CIT taxpayers provided that the relevant information about the Notes (as 
described below in “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments”) is submitted by the 
Fiscal Agent. 
In addition, as regards to any income derived from the transfer of the Bearer Notes, in accordance with 
article 61.s of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income 
obtained by Spanish CIT payers (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets traded on organised 
markets in OECD. 
However, in the case of Bearer Notes held by a Spanish entity and deposited with a Spanish resident entity 
acting as depositary or custodian, payments of interest and income deriving from the transfer may be 
subject to withholding tax at the current rate of 19 per cent. if the Notes do not comply with the exemption 
requirements specified in the ruling issued by the Spanish General Directorate of Taxes (Dirección 
General de Tributos) (the “DGT”) dated 27 July 2004 (that is, placement of the Bearer Notes outside of 
Spain in another OECD country and admission to listing of the Notes on an organised market in an OECD 
country other than Spain). The amounts withheld, if any, may be credited by the relevant investors against 
its final CIT liability.

--- Page 137 ---
- 137 -
Please refer to section “Risk Factors—Risks Relating to Spanish withholding tax regime” above in relation 
to such information procedures. 
(b) In respect of Book-entry Notes – according to article 44.4 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 
1065/2007, in the case of debt listed securities issued under Law 10/2014 and initially registered in a 
Spanish clearing and settlement entity interest payment made to Spanish, there is no obligation to 
withhold on income payable to Spanish CIT taxpayers, providing that certain requirements are met, 
including that the Issuer receives in a timely manner a duly executed and completed Payment Statement in 
respect of Book-entry Notes as defined below. See “Information about the Notes in Connection with 
Payments”.  
In addition, as regards to any income derived from the transfer of the Book-entry Notes, in accordance 
with article 61.q of the Corporate Income Tax Regulations, there is no obligation to withhold on income 
obtained by Spanish CIT payers (which for the avoidance of doubt, include Spanish tax resident 
investment funds and Spanish tax resident pension funds) from financial assets provided that the Notes 
are:  
• 
Registered by way of book-entries (anotaciones en cuenta); and 
• 
Negotiated in a Spanish official secondary market (mercado secundario oficial), such as AIAF.  
6.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
6.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Legal entities tax resident in Spain which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax and must include the market value of the Notes in 
their taxable income for Spanish Corporate Income Tax purposes. 
7 
Individuals and Legal Entities with no Tax Residency in Spain 
7.1 
Non-Resident Income Tax (Impuesto sobre la Renta de No Residentes) 
(a) 
Non-Spanish resident investors acting through a permanent establishment in Spain 
Ownership of the Notes by investors who are not resident for tax purposes in Spain will not in itself create 
the existence of a permanent establishment in Spain. 
If the Notes form part of the assets of a permanent establishment in Spain of a person or legal entity who 
is not resident in Spain for tax purposes, the tax rules applicable to income deriving from such Notes are 
the same as those for Spanish Corporate Income Tax taxpayers. 
(b) 
Non-Spanish resident investors not acting through a permanent establishment in Spain
Payments of income deriving from the transfer, redemption or repayment of the Notes obtained by 
individuals or entities who have no tax residency in Spain, and which are Non- Resident Income Tax 
taxpayers with no permanent establishment in Spain, are exempt from such Non-Resident Income Tax on 
the same terms laid down for income from public debt. Furthermore, the Issuer has no obligation to 
withhold any tax amount for interest paid:  
• 
in respect of the Bearer Notes – to holders who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no 
permanent establishment in Spain provided that certain requirements are met, including that in 
respect of interest payments from the Bearer Notes carried out by the Issuer, the Fiscal Agent 
provides the Issuer with the relevant information about the Bearer Notes, by delivering in a 
timely manner with a duly executed and completed Payment Statement in respect of the Bearer

--- Page 138 ---
- 138 -
Notes as defined below, as set forth under article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007.  See “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments”. 
•  
in respect of the Book-entry Notes – to holders who are Non-Resident Income taxpayers with no 
permanent establishment in Spain provided that certain requirements are met, including that in 
respect of interest payments from the Book-entry Notes carried out by the Issuer, the Issuer 
receives in a timely manner, a duly executed and completed Payment Statement in respect of the 
Book-entry Notes as defined below, as set forth under article 44.4 of the regulations approved by 
Royal Decree 1065/2007.  See “Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments”. 
7.2 
Wealth Tax (Impuesto sobre el Patrimonio) 
Individuals resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation to the 
Wealth Tax would generally not be subject to such tax. Otherwise, non-Spanish resident individuals whose 
properties and rights located in Spain, or that can be exercised within the Spanish territory exceed 
€700,000 would be subject to Wealth Tax, the applicable rates ranging between 0.2 per cent. and 3.5 per 
cent. Please note that with effects as of 1 January 2021, the highest tax rate of the Net Wealth Tax has 
been increased from 2.5. per cent to 3.5 per cent. for taxable bases in excess of €10,695,996.06.  
Notwisthanding the above, the actual collection of this tax depends on the regulations of each 
Autonomous Community. Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who are resident in an EU or European 
Economic Area Member State may apply the rules approved by the autonomous region where the assets 
and rights with more value are situated. As such, prospective investors should consult their tax advisers. 
Law 4/2008, of 23 December introduced a 100% relief (bonificación del 100%) on Net Wealth Tax. 
However, the Spanish Central Government provisionally repealed the 100% relief of this tax for years 
2011 and 2012. This provisional measure was extended yearly, until December 2020.  As of 2021, the 
100% relief on Net Wealth Tax has been definitively repealed by means of the Budget Law for 2021 (so 
that the repeal of the tax relief will no longer have to be extended every year).  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities are not subject to Wealth Tax. 
7.3 
Inheritance and Gift Tax (Impuesto sobre Sucesiones y Donaciones) 
Non-Spanish tax resident individuals who acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy, and who reside in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax treaty in relation 
to inheritance and gift tax will be subject to the relevant double tax treaty. 
If the provisions of the foregoing paragraph do not apply, such individuals will be subject to inheritance 
and gift tax in accordance with the Spanish legislation applicable in the relevant autonomous region 
(Comunidad Autónoma). 
Generally, non-Spanish tax resident individuals are subject to the Spanish Inheritance and Gift Tax 
according to the rules set forth in the Spanish State level law. However, if the deceased or the donee are 
resident in an EU or European Economic Area Member State, the applicable rules will be those 
corresponding to the relevant Spanish autonomous regions. As such, prospective investors should consult 
their tax advisers. 
In a Judgment issued on 19 February 2018, the Supreme Court has concluded that the above should be 
extensible to foreign individuals including those resident outside the EU or the European Economic Area 
Member State.  
Non-Spanish resident legal entities which acquire ownership or other rights over the Notes by inheritance, 
gift or legacy are not subject to inheritance and gift tax. They will generally be subject to Non-Resident 
Income Tax. If the legal entity is resident in a country with which Spain has entered into a double tax 
treaty, the provisions of such treaty will apply. In general, double-tax treaties provide for the taxation of 
this type of income in the country of residence of the beneficiary.

--- Page 139 ---
- 139 -
8. 
Obligation to inform the Spanish tax authorities of the ownership of the Notes 
With effects as of 1 January 2013, Law 7/2012, of 29 October, as implemented by Royal Decree 1558/2012, of 15 
November, introduced annual reporting obligations applicable to Spanish residents (i.e. individuals, legal entities, 
permanent establishments in Spain of non-resident entities) in relation to certain foreign assets or rights. 
Consequently, if the Notes are deposited with or placed in the custody of a non-Spanish entity, holders resident in 
Spain will be obliged, if certain thresholds are met as described below, to declare before the Spanish Tax 
Authorities, between 1 January and 31 March every year, the ownership of the Notes held on 31 December of the 
immediately preceding year (e.g. to declare between 1 January 2021 and 31 March 2021 the Notes held on 31 
December 2020). 
This obligation would only need to be complied with if certain thresholds are met: specifically, if the only 
rights/assets held abroad are the Notes, this obligation would only apply if the value of the Notes together with 
other qualifying assets held on 31 December exceeds €50,000 (with the corresponding valuation to be made in 
accordance with Wealth Tax rules). If this threshold is met, a declaration would only be required in subsequent 
years if the value of the Notes together with other qualifying assets increases by more than €20,000 as against the 
declaration made previously. Similarly, cancellation or extinguishment of the ownership of the Notes before 31 
December should be declared if such ownership was reported in previous declarations. 
9. 
Information about the Notes in Connection with Payments 
The Issuer is currently required by Spanish law to file an annual return with the Spanish tax authorities in which 
they report on certain information relating to the Notes.  
In particular:  
(a) In respect of the Bearer Notes – in accordance with article 44.5 of the regulations approved by Royal Decree 
1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information with 
respect to the Book-entry Notes must be submitted by the Fiscal Agent in a timely manner (i.e. before the close of 
business on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, principal or any 
amount in respect of the early redemption of the Bearer Notes is due) in the form of a duly executed and completed 
statement (the “Payment Statement in Respect of the Bearer Notes”) which shall include the following 
information:  
(a) 
Identification of the Bearer Notes in respect of which the relevant payment is made;
(b) 
Date on which relevant payment is made;
(c) 
the total amount of the relevant payment; and
(d) 
the amount of the relevant payment and to each entity that manages a clearing and settlement 
system for securities situated outside Spain. 
(b) In respect of the Book-entry Notes – in accordance with article 44.4 of the regulations approved by Royal 
Decree 1065/2007, for the purposes of preparing the tax annual to be submitted by the Issuer, certain information 
with respect to the Book-entry Notes must be submitted by the Iberclear Members that have the Book-entry Notes 
registered in their securities account on behalf of third parties, as well as the entities that manage the clearing 
systems located outside Spain that have an agreement with Iberclear, if applicable, in a timely manner (i.e. before 
the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the date on which any payment of interest, 
principal or any amount in respect of the early redemption of the Book-entry Notes is due) in the form of a duly 
executed and completed statement (the “Payment Statement in Respect of the Book-entry Notes”) which shall 
include the following information:  
• 
Identification of the Book-entry Notes;
• 
Date on which relevant payment is made;

--- Page 140 ---
- 140 -
• 
Total amount of the income paid by the Issuer;
• 
Amount of the income corresponding to individuals resident in Spain that are Personal Income 
Tax payers; and 
• 
Amount of the income that must be paid on a gross basis. 
 (hereinafter, the Payment Statement in Respect of the Bearer Notes and the Payment Statement in Respect of the 
Book-entry Notes, indistinctly, the “Payment Statement”). 
In particular, the Fiscal Agent must certify the information above about the Notes by means of a certificate the form 
of which is set out in the Agency Agreement.  
In light of the above, the Issuer and the Fiscal Agent have arranged certain procedures to facilitate the collection of 
information concerning the Bearer Notes.  
However, if the Issuer does not receive in a timely manner the relevant Payment Statement, the Issuer may be 
required to withhold taxes at the applicable rate of 19 per cent. from any payment in respect of the relevant Notes 
as to which the required information has not been provided.  
If this were to occur, the affected beneficial owners will receive a refund of the amount withheld, with no need for 
action on their part, if a duly executed and completed Payment Statement is delivered to the Issuer before the tenth 
calendar day of the month immediately following the relevant payment date. In addition, beneficial owners may 
apply directly to the Spanish tax authorities for any refund to which they might be entitled.  
Prospective investors should note that the Issuer does not accept any responsibility relating the lack of delivery of 
the relevant Payment Statements to the Issuer in connection with each payment of income under the Notes. 
Accordingly, the Issuer will not be liable for any damage or loss suffered by any beneficial owner who would 
otherwise be entitled to an exemption from Spanish withholding tax but whose income payment are nonetheless 
paid net of Spanish withholding tax because the Payment Statement was not duly delivered to the Issuer. Moreover, 
the Issuer will not pay any additional amounts with respect to such withholding tax.

--- Page 141 ---
- 141 -
SPANISH INSOLVENCY LAW 
The information provided below does not purport to be a complete summary of Spanish insolvency law and 
practice currently applicable and is subject to any changes in law and the interpretation and application thereof, 
which could be made with retroactive effect. Prospective investors who are in any doubts as to their position should 
consult with their own professional advisers. 
Where in this summary English terms and expressions are used to refer to Spanish concepts, the meaning to be 
attributed to such terms and expressions shall be the meaning to be attributed to the equivalent Spanish concepts 
under Spanish tax law. This summary assumes that each transaction with respect of the Notes is at arm’s length. 
The consolidated text of the Spanish Insolvency Law approved by Royal Decree 1/2020 of 5 May (Real Decreto 
Legislativo 1/2020, de 5 de mayo, por el que se aprueba el texto refundido de la Ley Concursal) (the “Spanish 
Insolvency Law”) regulates court insolvency proceedings (as opposed to out-of-court liquidation, which is only 
available when the debtor has sufficient assets to meet its liabilities) and certain refinancing agreements prior to the 
insolvency. 
Declaration of insolvency 
Under the Spanish Insolvency Law, a debtor (and in the case of a company, its directors) is obliged to apply for an 
insolvency proceeding, known as “concurso de acreedores” when it is not able to meet its payment obligations in a 
timely manner (current insolvency) (insolvencia actual), and it is entitled to apply for an insolvency proceeding 
when it expects that it will shortly be unable to do so (imminent insolvency) (insolvencia inminente). The filing of 
such insolvency application may be made by the debtor, any creditor thereof and certain interested third parties, in 
the case of current insolvency. In the case of imminent insolvency, it can only be filed by the debtor. If filed by the 
debtor, the insolvency is deemed “voluntary” (concurso voluntario) and, if filed by a third party, the insolvency is 
deemed “mandatory” (concurso necesario). The directors of the debtor company shall request the insolvency 
within two months from the moment they knew, or ought to have known, of the insolvency situation (or file with 
the insolvency court a communication under Article 583.1 of the Spanish Insolvency Law informing that it has 
commenced negotiations with its creditors to agree a refinancing agreement (acuerdo de refinanciación pre-
concursal) or an advanced proposal of settlement agreement (propuesta anticipada de convenio) (the “583.1 
Communication”), to obtain an extra period of three months to negotiate with its creditors along with an 
additional month to request the insolvency declaration in case the debtor has not been able to sort its financial 
difficulties within that term). 
The debtor may file for insolvency (or the 583.1 Communication) as a protective measure in order to avoid (i) the 
attachment of its assets or (ii) certain enforcement actions that could be taken by its creditors. 
Upon receipt of an insolvency petition by a creditor, the insolvency court may issue provisional interim measures 
to protect the assets of the debtor and may request a guarantee from the petitioning creditor asking for the adoption 
of such measures to cover damages caused by the preliminary protective measures.  
Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Law 3/2020 of 18 September, which introduces a new set of measures 
within the Spanish judicial system to deal with the effects caused by COVID-19 pandemic,  as amended by Royal 
Decree-Law 5/2021 of 12 March, which introduces a new set of measures to support business solvency to deal with 
the effects caused by COVID-19 pandemic, until 31 December 2021 (inclusive) debtors that are insolvent will not 
have the duty to file for insolvency proceedings, whether or not they have notified the judge that negotiations have 
been opened with creditors to reach an out-of-court refinancing agreement (acuerdo de refinanciación pre-
concursal), to reach an out-of-court payment agreement (acuerdo extrajudicial de pagos) or acceptances of an 
advanced proposal of settlement agreement (propuesta anticipada de convenio). Additionally, until 31 December 
2021 (inclusive), judges will not agree to process petitions for mandatory insolvency proceedings filed by creditors 
after the state of emergency was declared in Spain (i.e. 14 March 2020). However, if a debtor voluntarily files for 
insolvency on or before 31 December 2021, this petition will be processed with priority even if it comes after 
creditors petition for compulsory insolvency proceedings. 
Effects of the insolvency declaration 
The general rule is that the declaration of insolvency shall not affect the continuity of the business activity of the

--- Page 142 ---
- 142 -
debtor company other than in the terms expressly set out in the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
In case of voluntary insolvency (concurso voluntario), the debtor company will usually maintain control of its 
affairs, however, certain management decisions will be subject to the court insolvency administrator or receiver’s 
(administración concursal) (the “receiver”) authorisation. In case of mandatory insolvency (concurso necesario), 
the receiver will usually substitute the directors of the debtor company, unless the insolvency court decides 
otherwise. 
Unless otherwise provided by certain specific rules applicable to a certain type of contracts, creditors will not be 
able to accelerate the maturity of their credits based only on the declaration of the insolvency (declaración de 
concurso) of the debtor and provisions in a bilateral contract granting one party the right to terminate by reason 
only of the other’s insolvency may not be enforceable. Any provision to the contrary will be null and void.  
The debt will cease to accrue interest from the declaration of insolvency, except for such debt secured with security 
rights in rem, and up to, value of the security, and only with respect to ordinary interest, as explained further below. 
Set-off is prohibited unless the requirements for the set-off were satisfied prior to the declaration of insolvency or 
the claim is governed by a law that permits set-off. 
As a general rule, insolvency proceedings are not compatible with enforcement proceedings against assets of the 
insolvent debtor that are deemed necessary for continuation of its business activity until a composition agreement 
that affects the enforcement of the relevant security is approved or one year has elapsed from the debtor’s 
insolvency declaration without the liquidation of the debtor being agreed. When compatible, in order to protect the 
interests of the debtor and its creditors, the law extends the jurisdiction of the court dealing with insolvency 
proceedings, which is, then, legally authorised to handle any enforcement proceedings or interim measures 
affecting the assets that are deemed to be “necessary” for the debtor’s activity (whether based upon civil, labour or 
administrative law).  
Classification of the Issuer’s debts 
The court order declaring the insolvency of the debtor shall contain an express request for the creditors to 
communicate and declare to the receivers any debts owed by the debtor company, within a one-month period 
starting from the date after the publication of the declaration of insolvency in the State Official Gazette (Boletín 
Oficial del Estado), providing documentation to evidence such debts. Based on the documentation provided by the 
creditors, and the information provided by the debtor, the insolvency receivers draw up a list of acknowledged 
creditors and classify the debts owed by the debtor company according to the categories established under Spanish 
Insolvency Law as follows: (i) debts against the insolvency estate (créditos contra la masa), (ii) debt benefiting 
from special privileges (créditos con privilegio especial), (iii) debt benefiting from general privileges (créditos con 
privilegio general), (iv) ordinary debt (créditos ordinarios) and (v) subordinated debt (créditos subordinados). 
Those debts classified within the insolvency proceeding as ordinary debts shall rank ahead of subordinated debts 
but behind debts against the insolvency estate, debts benefiting from special privileges and debts benefiting from 
general privileges. In the case of insolvency of the Issuer, it is intended that the claims against the Issuer under the 
Notes (unless they qualify as subordinated credits and subject to any applicable and statutory exceptions (see 
“Terms and conditions of the Notes—Status”)) will rank below the debts against the insolvency estate, the credits 
benefiting from special privileges and the credits benefiting from general principles pari passu without any 
preference among themselves and with all other outstanding unsecured and unsubordinated claims (including any 
other holder of unsubordinated and unsecured debt securities) of the Issuer classified as ordinary claims and ahead 
of any subordinated credits. However, certain actions or circumstances which are beyond the control of the Issuer 
may affect the relevant classification of the claims under the Notes including among other things, as follows: 
(i)
subject to certain exceptions, any debt may become subordinated if it is not reported to the receivers 
within one month from the day following the publication of the court order declaring the insolvency in 
the Spanish Official Gazette (Boletín Oficial del Estado);
(ii)
the debt will cease to accrue interest (whether ordinary or default interest) from the declaration of 
insolvency and any amount of interest accrued up to such date shall become subordinated. In the case 
of secured ordinary interests, (i) these shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) interests shall

--- Page 143 ---
- 143 -
keep accruing after the declaration of insolvency up to the limit of the secured amount, and only if a 
contingent credit for secured ordinary interests that may accrue after the declaration of insolvency is 
included in the statement of claim to be sent to the receiver (as per the Supreme Court judgment dated 
20 February 2019). In the case of secured default interests, (i) any amount accrued prior to the 
declaration of insolvency shall be deemed as specially privileged, and (ii) shall not accrue after the 
declaration of insolvency, in accordance with the Spanish Supreme Court judgment dated 11 April 
2019. Any payments of interest in respect of debt securities will be subject to the subordination 
provisions of Article 281.1.3º of the Spanish Insolvency Law. 
(iii)
debts owed to those persons considered “especially related”, directly or indirectly, to the Issuer 
(personas especialmente relacionadas) in accordance with the Spanish Insolvency Law will be 
classified as subordinated debts;
Refinancing and settlement agreements 
The Spanish Insolvency Law also provides with a specific regime for certain out-of-court refinancing agreements 
(acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación) and settlement agreements (convenio). In particular, certain judicially-
sanctioned refinancing agreements and the settlement agreement reached by the debtor in an insolvency scenario 
are capable of binding dissenting (including absentee) unsecured and secured creditors of financial indebtedness 
(“dissenting creditors”) vis-à-vis the debtor. Whether dissenting creditors are bound (and the type of measures that 
can be imposed) by a judicially-sanctioned refinancing agreement or the settlement agreement depends on whether 
the majorities set out by the Spanish Insolvency Law are met or not. 
In no case shall subordinated creditors be entitled to vote upon a creditors’ agreement (convenio concursal) during 
the insolvency proceedings, and accordingly, shall always be subject to the measures contained therein, if passed. 
Additionally, under Article 599.1 of the Spanish Insolvency Law, liabilities from those creditors considered 
specially related persons (personas especialmente relacionadas) for the purpose of Article 283 of the Spanish 
Insolvency Law would not be taken into account for the purposes of calculating the majorities required for the out-
of-court refinancing agreement (acuerdo colectivo de refinanciación). 
Liquidation 
As an alternative to settlement agreements to end insolvency proceedings, the Spanish Insolvency Law provides for 
the opening of the so-called liquidation phase. This opening may be carried out by the debtor himself or by the 
court in certain circumstances. 
Among of the effects of the liquidation phase set forth in the Spanish Insolvency Law, the main consequence on the 
debtor is the suspension of the control of its affairs, by means of the replacement of the directors of the company 
by the receiver. 
Once the liquidation phase begins, the receiver tries to wind-up the debtor’s assets in the best possible way. For this 
purpose, a liquidation plan is created and submitted to the court, which shall express the conditions and 
characteristics of the assets and the way in which, at the receiver discretion, they should be disposed of. As a result 
of the liquidation, payment shall be made to creditors according to the ranking of credits and payment order 
provided in the Spanish Insolvency Law.

--- Page 144 ---
- 144 -
SUBSCRIPTION AND SALE 
Summary of Dealer Agreement 
Subject to the terms and on the conditions contained in an amended and restated dealer agreement dated 18 May 
2021 (the “Dealer Agreement”) between the Issuer, the Permanent Dealers and the Arranger, the Notes will be 
offered on a continuous basis by the Issuer to the Permanent Dealers. However, the Issuer has reserved the right to 
sell Notes directly on its own behalf to Dealers that are not Permanent Dealers. The Notes may be resold at 
prevailing market prices, or at prices related thereto, at the time of such resale, as determined by the relevant 
Dealer. The Notes may also be sold by the Issuer through the Dealers, acting as agents of the Issuer. The Dealer 
Agreement also provides for Notes to be issued in syndicated Tranches that are jointly and severally underwritten 
by two or more Dealers. 
The Issuer will pay each relevant Dealer a commission as agreed between them in respect of Notes subscribed by 
it. The Issuer has agreed to reimburse the Arranger for its expenses incurred in connection with the establishment 
of the Programme and the Dealers for certain of their activities in connection with the Programme.  
The Issuer has agreed to indemnify the Dealers against certain liabilities in connection with the offer and sale of the 
Notes. The Dealer Agreement entitles the Dealers to terminate any agreement that they make to subscribe Notes in 
certain circumstances prior to payment for such Notes being made to the Issuer. 
Selling Restrictions 
United States of America
The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act and may not be offered or sold within 
the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons except in certain transactions exempt from the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by 
Regulation S. 
The Notes are subject to U.S. tax law requirements and may not be offered, sold or delivered within the United 
States or its possessions or to a United States person, except in certain transactions permitted by U.S. tax 
regulations. Terms used in this paragraph have the meanings given to them by the United States Internal Revenue 
Code and regulations thereunder. 
Each Dealer has agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to agree, that, 
except as permitted by the Dealer Agreement, it will not offer, sell or deliver Notes, (i) as part of their distribution 
at any time or (ii) otherwise until 40 days after the completion of the distribution of the Notes comprising the 
relevant Tranche within the United States or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons, and such Dealer will 
have sent to each dealer to which it sells Notes during the distribution compliance period relating thereto a 
confirmation or other notice setting forth the restrictions on offers and sales of the Notes within the United States 
or to, or for the account or benefit of, U.S. persons.  
In addition, until 40 days after the commencement of the offering of Notes comprising any Tranche, any offer or 
sale of Notes within the United States by any dealer (whether or not participating in the offering) may violate the 
registration requirements of the Securities Act.
Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes includes a legend entitled 
“Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each 
further Dealer appointed under the Programme will be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has not 
offered, sold or otherwise made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are 
the subject of the offering contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the 
subject of the offering contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any 
retail investor in the European Economic Area. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” 
means a person who is one (or more) of the following:

--- Page 145 ---
- 145 -
(i)
a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II); or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the Insurance Distribution Directive), 
where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 
4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors 
If the Final Terms (or Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in respect of any Notes incudes the legend 
“Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail Investors”, each Dealer has represented and agreed, and each further Dealer 
appointed under the Programme will be required to represent and agree, that it has not offered, sold or otherwise 
made available and will not offer, sell or otherwise make available any Notes which are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by this Base Prospectus as completed by the Final Terms (or are the subject of the offering 
contemplated by a Drawdown Prospectus, as the case may be) in relation thereto to any retail investor in the United 
Kingdom. For the purposes of this provision the expression “retail investor” means a person who is one (or more) 
of the following: 
(i)
a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part 
of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA; or 
(ii)
a customer within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made 
under the FSMA to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as 
a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. 
Other UK regulatory restrictions 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that: 
(a)
No deposit-taking: in relation to any Notes having a maturity of less than one year: 
(i)  
it is a person whose ordinary activities involve it in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of its business; and: 
(ii) 
 it has not offered or sold and will not offer or sell any Notes other than to persons: 
(A)  
whose ordinary activities involve them in acquiring, holding, managing or disposing of 
investments (as principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses; or 
(B)  
who it is reasonable to expect will acquire, hold, manage or dispose of investments (as 
principal or agent) for the purposes of their businesses;  
where the issue of the Notes would otherwise constitute a contravention of Section 19 of the FSMA by the 
Issuer; 
(b)
Financial promotion: it has only communicated or caused to be communicated and will only 
communicate or cause to be communicated any invitation or inducement to engage in investment activity 
(within the meaning of section 21 of the FSMA) received by it in connection with the issue or sale of any 
Notes in circumstances in which section 21(1) of the FSMA does not apply to the Issuer; and 
(c)
General compliance: it has complied and will comply with all applicable provisions of the FSMA with 
respect to anything done by it in relation to any Notes in, from or otherwise involving the United Kingdom. 
Singapore
Each Dealer has acknowledged that this Base Prospectus has not been registered as a prospectus with the Monetary 
Authority of Singapore. Accordingly, each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed that it has not offered or

--- Page 146 ---
- 146 -
sold any Notes or caused the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase and will not 
offer or sell any Notes or cause the Notes to be made the subject of an invitation for subscription or purchase, and 
has not circulated or distributed, nor will it circulate or distribute, this Base Prospectus or any other document or 
material in connection with the offer or sale, or invitation for subscription or purchase, of the Notes, whether 
directly or indirectly, to any person in Singapore other than (i) to an institutional investor (as defined in Section 4A 
of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore, as modified or amended from time to time (the 
“SFA”)) pursuant to Section 274 of the SFA, (ii) to a relevant person (as defined in Section 275(2) of the SFA) 
pursuant to Section 275(1) of the SFA, or any person pursuant to Section 275(1A) of the SFA, and in accordance 
with the conditions specified in Section 275 of the SFA, or (iii) otherwise pursuant to, and in accordance with the 
conditions of, any other applicable provision of the SFA. 
Where the Notes are subscribed or purchased under Section 275 of the SFA by a relevant person which is: 
(a)
a corporation (which is not an accredited investor (as defined in Section 4A of the SFA)) the sole business 
of which is to hold investments and the entire share capital of which is owned by one or more individuals, 
each of whom is an accredited investor; or 
(b)
a trust (where the trustee is not an accredited investor) whose sole purpose is to hold investments and each 
beneficiary of the trust is an individual who is an accredited investor, 
securities or securities-based derivatives contracts (each term as defined in Section 2(1) of the SFA) of that 
corporation or the beneficiaries’ rights and interest (howsoever described) in that trust shall not be transferred 
within six months after that corporation or that trust has acquired the Notes pursuant to an offer made under 
Section 275 of the SFA except: 
(1) 
to an institutional investor or to a relevant person, or to any person arising from an offer referred to in 
Section 275(1A) or Section 276(4)(i)(B) of the SFA;
(2) 
where no consideration is or will be given for the transfer;
(3) 
where the transfer is by operation of law;
(4) 
as specified in Section 276(7) of the SFA; or
(5) 
as specified in Regulation 37A of the Securities and Futures (Offers of Investments) (Securities and 
Securities-based Derivatives Contracts) Regulations 2018. 
Switzerland
This Base Prospectus is not intended to constitute an offer or solicitation to purchase or invest in the Notes. The 
Notes may not be publicly offered, directly or indirectly, in Switzerland within the meaning of the Swiss Financial 
Services Act (FinSA) and no application has or will be made to admit the Notes to trading on any trading venue 
(exchange or multilateral trading facility) in Switzerland. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other offering or 
marketing material relating to the Notes constitutes a prospectus pursuant to the FinSA, and neither this Base 
Prospectus nor any other offering or marketing material relating to the Notes may be publicly distributed or 
otherwise made publicly available in Switzerland.
General 
Each Dealer has represented, warranted and agreed, and each further Dealer appointed under the Programme will 
be required to represent, warrant and agree, that it has complied and will comply with all applicable laws and 
regulations in each country or jurisdiction in or from which it purchases, offers, sells or delivers Notes or 
possesses, distributes or publishes this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all 
cases at its own expense. Other persons into whose hands this Base Prospectus or any Final Terms comes are 
required by the Issuer and the Dealers to comply with all applicable laws and regulations in each country or 
jurisdiction in or from which they purchase, offer, sell or deliver Notes or possess, distribute or publish this Base 
Prospectus or any Final Terms or any related offering material, in all cases at their own expense. 
The Dealer Agreement provides that the Dealers shall not be bound by any of the restrictions relating to any 
specific jurisdiction (set out above) to the extent that such restrictions shall, as a result of change(s) or change(s) in 
official interpretation, after the date hereof, of applicable laws and regulations, no longer be applicable but without

--- Page 147 ---
- 147 -
prejudice to the obligations of the Dealers described in the paragraph headed “General” above. 
Selling restrictions may be modified with the agreement of the Issuer. Any such modification will be set out in the 
Final Terms issued in respect of the issue of Notes to which it relates or in a supplement to this Base Prospectus.

--- Page 148 ---
- 148 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BEARER NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and [, with effect from such date,] should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor 
means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 
2014/65/EU (“EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance 
Distribution Directive”), where that customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of 
Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to 
retail investors in the EEA has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them 
available to any retail investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]1
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and [, with effect from such date,] should not be offered, sold or otherwise made 
available to any retail investor in the United Kingdom (“UK”).  For these purposes, a retail investor means a person 
who is one (or more) of: (i) a retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it 
forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer 
within the meaning of the provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services 
and Markets Act 2000 (the “FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify 
as a professional client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of 
domestic law by virtue of the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 
1286/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or 
selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore 
offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful 
under the UK PRIIPs Regulation.]2
[[EU MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market] – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]3
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a 
distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]4
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore)(as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
1 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
2    Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
3 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
4 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 149 ---
- 149 -
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products 
“]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)]5
Final Terms dated [•] 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9580020140005007414 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used below shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Bearer Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 [and the supplement to the 
Base Prospectus dated [insert date] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) for 
the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described below 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with 
an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used below shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 18 May 2021 and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described below for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in order to obtain all the relevant 
information.] 
The 
Base 
Prospectus 
has 
been 
published 
on 
the 
website 
of 
Euronext 
Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the Issuer’s website (www.inmocolonial.com).  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended. 
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described below. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
1.
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
2.
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
5 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 150 ---
- 150 -
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [[•]/the Issue Date/exchange of 
the Temporary Global Note for interests in the 
Permanent Global Note, as referred to in paragraph 25 
below [which is expected to occur on or about [•]].] 
3.
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4.
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
5.
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] (in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable)]  
6.
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency))
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7.
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8.
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 14 below)] 
[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate (see paragraph 15 below)] 
[Zero Coupon (see paragraph 16 below)] 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their nominal amount. 
11.
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Put Event] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[See paragraph[s] [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
13.
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[•]  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of

--- Page 151 ---
- 151 -
Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) /Actual 360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i)
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ No 
Adjustment] / [Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Fiscal Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/ [SONIA] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
• 
“p”: 
[•]
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•]

--- Page 152 ---
- 152 -
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•] 
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) /Actual 360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Amount] 
[(If Make Whole Amount is selected, include items (a) 
through (e) below or relevant options as are set out in 
the Bearer Conditions)]  
(ii) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent.] 
[Financial Adviser: 
[•]] 
[Quotation Time: 
[•]] 
[(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
[(e) 
Make Whole Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable/From (and including) [•] to (but 
excluding) [•]/the Maturity Date]

--- Page 153 ---
- 153 -
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18.
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and calculation 
of such amount(s), if any: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Agent) 
19.
 
Put Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20.
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date fixed for redemption:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[As per Condition 11(d)] [No earlier than [] months 
before the Maturity Date] 
21.
 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22.
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23.
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24.
 
Early Termination Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25.
 
Form of Notes: 
Bearer Notes: 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for a Permanent 
Global Note which is exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
[Temporary Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed to be represented by a Temporary Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with this option, such notes may only be issued in

--- Page 154 ---
- 154 -
denominations equal to, or greater that €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
[Permanent Global Note exchangeable for Definitive 
Notes at any time/in the limited circumstances specified 
in the Permanent Global Note] 
(N.B. In relation to any issue of Notes which are 
expressed to be represented by a Permanent Global 
Note exchangeable for Definitive Notes in accordance 
with this option, such notes may only be issued in 
denominations equal to, or greater that €100,000 (or 
equivalent) and integral multiples thereof.) 
26.
 
New Global Note: 
[Yes] [No] 
27.
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
28.
 
Talons for future Coupons to be attached to 
Definitive Notes (and dates on which such 
Talons mature): 
[Yes/No. As the Notes have more than 27 coupon 
payments, talons may be required if, on exchange into 
definitive form, more than 27 coupon payments are 
left.] 
Signed on behalf of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 155 ---
- 155 -
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i)  
Admission to Trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the Official List of the Irish Stock Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin/another 
Regulated Market] with effect from [•].] 
Application is expected to be made by the Issuer 
(or on its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to 
trading on [The Official List of the Irish Stock 
Exchange plc trading as Euronext Dublin 
/another EU MiFID Regulated Market] with 
effect from [30 days after the Issue Date/Other 
time period].] (Where documenting a fungible 
issue, need to indicate that original Notes are 
already admitted to trading).
(ii)  
Admission to Trading:
Application has been made by the Issuer (or on 
its behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading 
on [the regulated market of the Irish Stock 
Exchange 
plc 
trading 
as 
Euronext 
Dublin/another EU MiFID Regulated Market] 
with effect from [•].] 
(When documenting a fungible issue need to 
indicate that original Notes are already admitted 
to trading.)
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related 
to admission to trading: 
[•] 
2.
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected 
to be] rated]/[The following ratings reflect 
ratings assigned to Notes of this type issued 
under the Programme generally]: 
Ratings:
[Standard & Poor’s: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]]
[Fitch: [•]]
[[Other]: [•]]
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously 
been published by the rating provider.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and registered under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as

--- Page 156 ---
- 156 -
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but 
has applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and has applied for registration under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, 
as 
amended 
(the 
“EU 
CRA 
Regulation”), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet 
been provided by the [relevant competent 
authority] /[European Securities and Markets 
Authority].
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and 
not applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is established in 
the EEA and is neither registered nor has it 
applied for registration under Regulation (EU) 
No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but the rating it has given to the 
Notes is endorsed by [insert legal name of credit 
rating agency], which is established in the EEA 
and registered under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended 
(the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation but CRA is certified under 
the EU CRA Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA but is certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA 
nor certified under the EU CRA Regulation 
and relevant rating is not endorsed under the 
EU CRA Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating 
agency entity providing rating] is not established 
in the EEA and is not certified under Regulation 
(EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as 
amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”) and the

--- Page 157 ---
- 157 -
rating it has given to the Notes is not endorsed 
by a credit rating agency established in the EEA 
and registered under the EU CRA Regulation.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE 
ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is 
material to the issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. 
May be satisfied by the inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no 
person involved in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The 
[Managers/Dealers] and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in 
investment banking and/or commercial banking transactions with, and may perform 
other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the ordinary course of business. (Amend 
as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such 
matters described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need 
for a supplement to the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)] 
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS
Reasons for the offer:
See 
[“Use 
of 
Proceeds”] 
in 
the 
Base 
Prospectus/Give details] 
Estimated net proceeds:
[] 
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the 
basis of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of 
future yield.] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[•]
Common Code: 
[•] 
Any clearing system(s) other than 
Euroclear and Clearstream, 
Luxembourg and the relevant 
identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional 
Paying Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify 
benchmark] 
is 
provided 
by 
[administrator 
legal 
name]][repeat 
as 
necessary]. As at the date hereof, [[administrator 
legal name][appears]/[does not appear]][repeat 
as necessary] in the register of administrators 
and benchmarks established and maintained by 
ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register of 
administrators 
and 
benchmarks) 
of 
the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the

--- Page 158 ---
- 158 -
Issuer is aware, as at the date hereof, [specify 
benchmark] does not fall within the scope of the 
Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As far as the 
Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as 
amended 
apply, 
such 
that 
[name 
of 
administrator] is not currently required to obtain 
authorisation/registration (or, if located outside 
the European Union, recognition, endorsement 
or equivalence)]/ [Not Applicable]
[Intended to be held in a manner 
which would allow Eurosystem 
eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply 
means that the Notes are intended upon issue to 
be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common 
safekeeper and does not necessarily mean that 
the Notes will be recognised as eligible collateral 
for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day 
credit operations by the Eurosystem either upon 
issue or at any or all times during their life. Such 
recognition will depend upon the ECB being 
satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility criteria have 
been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” 
at the date of these Final Terms, should the 
Eurosystem eligibility criteria be amended in the 
future such that the Notes are capable of meeting 
them the Notes may then be deposited with one 
of the ICSDs as common safekeeper. Note that 
this does not necessarily mean that the Notes 
will then be recognised as eligible collateral for 
Eurosystem monetary policy and intra day credit 
operations by the Eurosystem at any time during 
their life. Such recognition will depend upon the 
ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i) Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if 
any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of 
Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA 
C/TEFRA D] 
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA 
Retail Investors: 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK 
Retail Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 159 ---
- 159 -
FORM OF FINAL TERMS OF THE BOOK-ENTRY NOTES 
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO EEA RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold 
or otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the European Economic Area (“EEA”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) 
of: (i) a retail client as defined in point (11) of Article 4(1) of Directive 2014/65/EU (“EU MiFID II”); or (ii) a 
customer within the meaning of Directive (EU) 2016/97 (the “Insurance Distribution Directive”), where that 
customer would not qualify as a professional client as defined in point (10) of Article 4(1) of EU MiFID II. 
Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 (the “EU PRIIPs 
Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to retail investors in the EEA 
has been prepared and therefore offering or selling the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail 
investor in the EEA may be unlawful under the EU PRIIPs Regulation.]6
[PROHIBITION OF SALES TO UK RETAIL INVESTORS – The Notes are not intended to be offered, sold or 
otherwise made available to and should not be offered, sold or otherwise made available to any retail investor in 
the United Kingdom (“UK”). For these purposes, a retail investor means a person who is one (or more) of: (i) a 
retail client, as defined in point (8) of Article 2 of Regulation (EU) No 2017/565 as it forms part of domestic law by 
virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“EUWA”); (ii) a customer within the meaning of the 
provisions of the FSMA and any rules or regulations made under the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (the 
“FSMA”) to implement Directive (EU) 2016/97, where that customer would not qualify as a professional client, as 
defined in point (8) of Article 2(1) of Regulation (EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of 
the EUWA. Consequently no key information document required by Regulation (EU) No 1286/2014 as it forms 
part of domestic law by virtue of the EUWA (the “UK PRIIPs Regulation”) for offering or selling the Notes or 
otherwise making them available to retail investors in the UK has been prepared and therefore offering or selling 
the Notes or otherwise making them available to any retail investor in the UK may be unlawful under the UK 
PRIIPs Regulation.]7
[[EU MiFID II Product Governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market] – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is eligible counterparties and professional 
clients only, each as defined in [Directive 2014/65/EU (as amended, “EU MiFID II”)][EU MiFID II]; and (ii) all 
channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are appropriate. Any person 
subsequently offering, selling or recommending the Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, a distributor subject to EU MiFID II is responsible for 
undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of the Notes (by either adopting or refining the 
manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining appropriate distribution channels.]8
[UK MiFIR product governance / Professional investors and ECPs only target market – Solely for the 
purposes of [the/each] manufacturer’s product approval process, the target market assessment in respect of the 
Notes has led to the conclusion that: (i) the target market for the Notes is only eligible counterparties, as defined in 
the FCA Handbook Conduct of Business Sourcebook (“COBS”), and professional clients, as defined in Regulation 
(EU) No 600/2014 as it forms part of domestic law by virtue of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (“UK 
MiFIR”); and (ii) all channels for distribution of the Notes to eligible counterparties and professional clients are 
appropriate. [Consider any negative target market]. Any person subsequently offering, selling or recommending the 
Notes (a “distributor”) should take into consideration the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment; however, 
a distributor subject to the FCA Handbook Product Intervention and Product Governance Sourcebook (the “UK 
MiFIR Product Governance Rules”) is responsible for undertaking its own target market assessment in respect of 
the Notes (by either adopting or refining the manufacturer[‘s/s’] target market assessment) and determining 
appropriate distribution channels.]9
[Singapore Securities and Futures Act Product Classification – Solely for the purposes of its obligations 
pursuant to Sections 309B(1)(a) and 309B(1)(c) of the Securities and Futures Act (Chapter 289) of Singapore)(as 
modified or amended from time to time, the “SFA”), the Issuer has determined, and hereby notifies all relevant 
6 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
7    Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
8 Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance. 
9    Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance.

--- Page 160 ---
- 160 -
persons (as defined in Section 309A of the SFA) that the Notes are [“prescribed capital markets products 
“]/[“capital markets products other than prescribed capital markets products”] (as defined in the Securities and 
Futures (Capital Markets Products) Regulations 2018)]10
Final Terms dated [•] 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Issue of [Aggregate Nominal Amount of Tranche] [Title of Notes] 
Legal Entity Identifier (LEI): 9580020140005007414 
Euro Medium Term Note Programme 
PART A – CONTRACTUAL TERMS 
[Terms used below shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions of the 
Book-entry Notes (the “Conditions”) set forth in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 [and the supplement to 
the Base Prospectus dated [insert date] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base Prospectus”) 
for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. This document constitutes the Final Terms of the Notes described 
below for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus in 
order to obtain all the relevant information.] 
The following alternative language applies if the first tranche of an issue which is being increased was issued 
under a base prospectus with an earlier date and the relevant terms and conditions from that base prospectus with 
an earlier date were incorporated by reference in this Base Prospectus. 
[Terms used below shall be deemed to be defined as such for the purposes of the Terms and Conditions (the 
“Conditions”) incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021. These Final Terms contain 
the final terms of the Notes and must be read in conjunction with the Base Prospectus dated 18 May 2021 [and the 
supplement to the Base Prospectus dated [date]] which [together] constitute[s] a base prospectus (the “Base 
Prospectus”) for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation, save in respect of the Terms and Conditions which are 
set forth in the base prospectus dated 18 May 2021 and are incorporated by reference in the Base Prospectus. This 
document constitutes the Final Terms relating to the issue of Notes described below for the purposes of the 
Prospectus Regulation.] 
The Base Prospectus has been published on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://www.euronext.com/en/markets/dublin) and the Issuer’s website (www.inmocolonial.com).  
The expression “Prospectus Regulation” means Regulation (EU) 2017/1129, as amended.  
In accordance with the Prospectus Regulation, no prospectus is required in connection with the issuance of the 
Notes described below. 
[Include whichever of the following apply or specify as “Not Applicable” (N/A). Note that the numbering should 
remain as set out below, even if “Not Applicable” is indicated for individual paragraphs (in which case the sub-
paragraphs of the paragraphs which are not applicable can be deleted). Italics denote guidance for completing the 
Final Terms.] 
1.
 
(i) 
Issuer: 
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
2.
 
(i) 
Series Number: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche Number: 
[•] 
[(iii) 
Date on which the Notes become 
fungible: 
[Not Applicable/The Notes shall be consolidated, form 
a single series and be interchangeable for trading 
purposes with the [•] on [•]/the Issue Date.] 
10  Square brackets or wording to be removed as appropriate for each issuance,.

--- Page 161 ---
- 161 -
3.
 
Specified Currency or Currencies: 
[•] 
4.
 
Aggregate Nominal Amount: 
[•] 
(i) 
Series: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Tranche: 
[•] 
(iii)  
Number of Notes: 
[•] 
5.
 
Issue Price: 
[•] per cent. of the Aggregate Nominal Amount [plus 
accrued interest from [•] [in the case of fungible issues 
only, if applicable]]  
6.
 
(i) 
Specified Denominations: 
[•] 
(No Notes may be issued which have a minimum 
denomination of less than EUR100,000 (or equivalent 
in another currency))
(ii) 
Calculation Amount: 
[•] 
7.
 
(i) 
Issue Date: 
[•] 
(ii) 
Interest Commencement Date: 
[[•]/Issue Date/Not Applicable] 
8.
 
Maturity Date: 
[Specify date or (for Floating Rate Notes) Interest 
Payment Date falling in or nearest to the relevant 
month and year]
9.
Interest Basis: 
[[•] per cent. Fixed Rate (see paragraph 14 below)] 
[[•][•] [EURIBOR/LIBOR/SONIA]+/– [•] per cent. 
Floating Rate (see paragraph 15 below)] 
[Zero Coupon (see paragraph 16 below)] 
10.
Redemption/Payment Basis: 
Subject to any purchase and cancellation or early 
redemption, the Notes will be redeemed on the Maturity 
Date at their nominal amount. 
11.
 
Change of Interest or Redemption/Payment 
Basis: 
[Specify the date when any fixed to floating rate change 
occurs or refer to paragraphs 14 and 15 below and 
identify there/Not Applicable]
12.
Put/Call Options: 
[Put Option] 
[Put Event] 
[Issuer Call] 
[Residual Maturity Call Option] 
[Substantial Purchase Event] 
[See paragraph[s] [17/18/19/20/21] below)] 
13.
[Date [Board] approval for 
issuance of Notes obtained:] 
[•]  
(N.B Only relevant where Board (or similar) 
authorisation is required for the particular tranche of 
Notes)
PROVISIONS RELATING TO INTEREST (IF ANY) PAYABLE
14.
Fixed Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs

--- Page 162 ---
- 162 -
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Rate[(s)] of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum payable in arrear on each 
Interest Payment Date 
(ii) 
Interest Payment Date(s): 
[•] in each year 
(iii) 
Fixed Coupon Amount[(s)]: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Broken Amount(s): 
[•] per Calculation Amount, payable on the Interest 
Payment Date falling [in/on] [•] 
(v) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) /Actual 360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)]  
15.
Floating Rate Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(ii)
Interest Period(s): 
[•] [, subject to adjustment in accordance with the 
Business Day Convention set out in (v) below /, not 
subject to any adjustment, as the Business Day 
Convention in (v) below is specified to be Not 
Applicable] 
(ii) 
Specified Period: 
[•] 
(iii) 
Interest Payment Dates: 
[•]
(iv) 
Business Day Convention: 
[Floating Rate Convention/Following Business Day 
Convention/ 
Modified 
Following 
Business 
Day 
Convention/ Preceding Business Day Convention/ No 
Adjustment] /[Not Applicable] 
(v) 
Additional Business Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/[•]] 
(vi) 
Manner in which the Rate(s) of 
Interest is/are to be determined: 
[Screen Rate Determination/ISDA Determination] 
(vii) 
Party responsible for calculating 
the Rate(s) of Interest and/or 
Interest Amount(s) (if not the 
Spanish Paying Agent): 
[•] shall be the Calculation Agent 
(viii) 
Screen Rate Determination: 
• 
Reference Rate: 
[•] month [EURIBOR]/[LIBOR]/[SONIA] 
• 
Interest 
Determination 
Date(s): 
[•] 
• 
“p”: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Screen Page: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Time: 
[•] 
• 
Relevant Financial Centre: 
[•] 
(ix) 
ISDA Determination: 
• 
Floating Rate Option: 
[•] 
• 
Designated Maturity: 
[•]

--- Page 163 ---
- 163 -
• 
Reset Date: 
[•] 
(xi) 
Linear interpolation  
Not Applicable/Applicable – the Rate of Interest for the 
[long/short] 
[first/last] 
Interest 
Period 
shall 
be 
calculated using Linear Interpolation (specify for each 
short or long interest period) 
(xii) 
Margin(s): 
[+/-][•] per cent. per annum 
(xiii) 
Minimum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xiv) 
Maximum Rate of Interest: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(xv) 
Day Count Fraction: 
[•] 
16.
Zero Coupon Note Provisions 
[Applicable/Not Applicable]
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Accrual Yield: 
[•] per cent. per annum 
(ii) 
Reference Price: 
(iii) 
Day Count Fraction in relation to 
Early Redemption Amount: 
[•] 
[30/360 / Actual/Actual (ICMA/ISDA) / Actual/365 
(Fixed) /Actual 360 / 30E/360 / 30E/360 (ISDA)] 
PROVISIONS RELATING TO REDEMPTION 
17.
 
Call Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Call): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Call) of each Note: 
[[•] per Calculation Amount/Make Whole Amount] 
[(If Make Whole Amount is selected, include items (a) 
through (e) below or relevant options as are set out in 
the Book-entry Conditions)]  
(ii) 
Make Whole Amount: 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph)  
[(a) 
Reference Bond: 
[[•]/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable delete the remaining subparagraphs 
of this paragraph) 
[Redemption Margin: 
[•] per cent.] 
[Financial Adviser: 
[•]] 
[Quotation Time: 
[•]] 
[(b) 
Discount Rate: 
[•]/Not Applicable] 
[(c) 
Make Whole Exemption 
Period: 
[Not Applicable/From (and including) [•] to (but 
excluding) [•]/the Maturity Date] 
(iii) 
If redeemable in part: 
(a) 
Minimum 
Redemption 
Amount: 
[•] per Calculation Amount

--- Page 164 ---
- 164 -
(b) 
Maximum 
Redemption 
Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iv) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
18.
 
Put Option 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
(If not applicable, delete the remaining sub-paragraphs 
of this paragraph) 
(i) 
Optional Redemption Date(s) 
(Put): 
[•] 
(ii) 
Optional Redemption Amount(s) 
(Put) of each Note and calculation 
of such amount(s), if any: 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
(iii) 
Notice period: 
[•] 
(N.B. When setting notice periods, the Issuer is advised 
to consider the practicalities of distribution of 
information through intermediaries, for example, 
clearing systems (which require a minimum of 5 
clearing system business days’ notice for a call) and 
custodians, as well as any other notice requirements 
which may apply, for example, as between the Issuer 
and the Spanish Paying Agent) 
19.
 
Put Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
20.
 
Residual Maturity Call Option 
Date fixed for redemption:  
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
[As per Condition 11(d)] [No earlier than [] months 
before the Maturity Date] 
21.
 
Substantial Purchase Event 
[Applicable/Not Applicable] 
22.
 
Final Redemption Amount of each Note 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
23.
 
Early Redemption Amount (Tax) 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
24.
 
Early Termination Amount 
[•] per Calculation Amount 
GENERAL PROVISIONS APPLICABLE TO THE NOTES 
25.
 
Form of Notes: 
Book-entry notes (anotaciones en cuenta) 
26.
 
Additional Financial Centre(s): 
[Not Applicable/give details. Note that this paragraph 
relates to the date of payment, and not the end dates of 
interest periods for the purposes of calculating the 
amount of interest, to which sub-paragraph 15(v) 
relates] 
Signed on behalf of Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A.: 
By: 
............................................ 
Duly authorised

--- Page 165 ---
- 165 -
PART B – OTHER INFORMATION 
1.
LISTING AND ADMISSION TO 
TRADING 
(i)  
Admission to Trading:
[Application has been made by the Issuer (or on its 
behalf) for the Notes to be admitted to trading on 
[AIAF] [with effect from [•] / within 30 days 
following the Issue Date / /Other time period].] 
(Where documenting a fungible issue, need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading).
(When documenting a fungible issue need to indicate 
that original Notes are already admitted to trading.)
 
(ii) Estimate of total expenses related to 
admission to trading: 
[•] 
2.
RATINGS 
The Notes to be issued [have been/are expected to be] 
rated]/[The following ratings reflect ratings assigned 
to Notes of this type issued under the Programme 
generally]: 
Ratings:
[Standard & Poor’s: [•]] 
[Moody’s: [•]]
[Fitch: [•]]
[[Other]: [•]]
(Need to include a brief explanation of the 
meaning of the ratings if this has previously been 
published by the rating provider.) 
Option 1 - CRA established in the EEA and 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
registered under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on 
credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 2 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation but has 
applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
has applied for registration under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”), although notification of the 
corresponding registration decision has not yet been 
provided by the [relevant competent authority] 
/[European Securities and Markets Authority].
Option 3 - CRA established in the EEA, not 
registered under the EU CRA Regulation and not

--- Page 166 ---
- 166 -
applied for registration 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is established in the EEA and 
is neither registered nor has it applied for registration 
under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 4 - CRA not established in the EEA but 
relevant rating is endorsed by a CRA which is 
established and registered under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but the rating it has given to the Notes is endorsed by 
[insert legal name of credit rating agency], which is 
established in the EEA and registered under 
Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 on credit rating 
agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA Regulation”).
Option 5 - CRA is not established in the EEA and 
relevant rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation but CRA is certified under the EU CRA 
Regulation 
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
but is certified under Regulation (EU) No 1060/2009 
on credit rating agencies, as amended (the “EU CRA 
Regulation”).
Option 6 - CRA neither established in the EEA nor 
certified under the EU CRA Regulation and relevant 
rating is not endorsed under the EU CRA 
Regulation  
[Insert legal name of particular credit rating agency 
entity providing rating] is not established in the EEA 
and is not certified under Regulation (EU) No 
1060/2009 on credit rating agencies, as amended (the 
“EU CRA Regulation”) and the rating it has given to 
the Notes is not endorsed by a credit rating agency 
established in the EEA and registered under the EU 
CRA Regulation.
3.
INTERESTS OF NATURAL AND LEGAL PERSONS INVOLVED IN THE ISSUE/OFFER 
(Need to include a description of any interest, including a conflict of interest, that is material to the 
issue/offer, detailing the persons involved and the nature of the interest. May be satisfied by the 
inclusion of the statement below:) 
[Save for any fees payable to the [Managers/Dealers], so far as the Issuer is aware, no person involved 
in the offer of the Notes has an interest material to the offer. The [Managers/Dealers] and their 
affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment banking and/or commercial 
banking transactions with, and may perform other services for, the Issuer and its affiliates in the 
ordinary course of business. (Amend as appropriate if there are other interests)] 
[(When adding any other description, consideration should be given as to whether such matters 
described constitute “significant new factors” and consequently trigger the need for a supplement to 
the Prospectus under Article 23 of the Prospectus Regulation.)]

--- Page 167 ---
- 167 -
4.
REASONS FOR THE OFFER AND ESTIMATED NET PROCEEDS 
 
Reasons for the offer:
See [“Use of Proceeds”] in the Base Prospectus/Give 
details] 
 
Estimated net proceeds:
[] 
5.
[Fixed Rate Notes only – YIELD 
Indication of yield: 
[•] 
[The yield is calculated at the Issue Date on the basis 
of the Issue Price. It is not an indication of future 
yield.] 
6.
OPERATIONAL INFORMATION
ISIN:
[•]
Common Code:  
[•]  
Any clearing system(s) other than Iberclear 
and the relevant identification number(s): 
[Not Applicable/give name(s) and number(s)] 
Delivery: 
Delivery [against/free of] payment 
Names and addresses of additional Paying 
Agent(s) (if any): 
[•]/[Not Applicable] 
Relevant Benchmark[s]: 
[[specify benchmark] is provided by [administrator 
legal name]][repeat as necessary]. As at the date 
hereof, [[administrator legal name][appears]/[does 
not appear]][repeat as necessary] in the register of 
administrators and benchmarks established and 
maintained by ESMA pursuant to Article 36 (Register 
of administrators and benchmarks) of  Regulation 
(EU) 2016/1011]/[As far as the Issuer is aware, as at 
the date hereof, [specify benchmark] does not fall 
within the scope of  Regulation (EU) 2016/1011]/ [As 
far as the Issuer is aware, the transitional provisions in 
Article 51 of Regulation (EU) 2016/1011, as amended 
apply, such that [name of administrator] is not 
currently required to obtain authorisation/registration 
(or, if located outside 
the European Union, 
recognition, endorsement or equivalence)]/ [Not 
Applicable]
[Intended to be held in a manner which 
would allow Eurosystem eligibility: 
[Yes. Note that the designation “yes” simply means 
that the Notes are intended upon issue to be deposited 
with one of the ICSDs as common safekeeper and 
does not necessarily mean that the Notes will be 
recognised as eligible collateral for Eurosystem 
monetary policy and intra day credit operations by the 
Eurosystem either upon issue or at any or all times 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.]/  
[No. Whilst the designation is specified as “no” at the 
date of these Final Terms, should the Eurosystem 
eligibility criteria be amended in the future such that 
the Notes are capable of meeting them the Notes may 
then be deposited with one of the ICSDs as common

--- Page 168 ---
- 168 -
safekeeper. Note that this does not necessarily mean 
that the Notes will then be recognised as eligible 
collateral for Eurosystem monetary policy and intra 
day credit operations by the Eurosystem at any time 
during their life. Such recognition will depend upon 
the ECB being satisfied that Eurosystem eligibility 
criteria have been met.] 
7.
DISTRIBUTION
(i) Method of Distribution: 
[Syndicated/Non-syndicated] 
(ii) If syndicated: 
(A) Names of Dealers: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(B) Stabilisation Manager(s), if any: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iii) If non-syndicated, name of Dealer: 
[Not Applicable/give names] 
(iv) U.S. Selling Restrictions: 
Reg S Compliance Category 2; [TEFRA C/TEFRA D]
(v) Prohibition of Sales to EEA Retail 
Investors: 
(vi) Prohibition of Sales to UK Retail 
Investors: 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable] 
[Applicable]/[Not Applicable]

--- Page 169 ---
- 169 -
GENERAL INFORMATION 
(1)
This Base Prospectus has been approved by the Central Bank as competent authority under the 
Prospectus Regulation. The Central Bank only approves this Base Prospectus as meeting the 
requirements imposed by the Prospectus Regulation for the purpose of giving information with regard 
to the issue of Notes issued under the Programme. The Central Bank has only approved this Base 
Prospectus as meeting the standards of completeness, comprehensibility and consistency imposed by 
the Prospectus Regulation.  Such an approval should not be considered as an endorsement of the Issuer 
nor as an endorsement of the quality of any Notes that are the subject of this Base Prospectus. 
Investors should make their own assessment as to the suitability of investing in such Notes. 
(2)
The Issuer accepts responsibility for the information contained in this Base Prospectus and any 
applicable Final Terms. To the best of the knowledge of the Issuer, the information contained in this 
Base Prospectus is in accordance with the facts and does not omit anything likely to affect the import 
of such information. 
(3)
Where information has been sourced from a third party in this Base Prospectus, including the 
independent appraisers which the Issuer uses to prepare a valuation of all assets that form part of its 
Property Portfolio, the Issuer confirms that this information has been accurately reproduced and, as far 
as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from information published by the relevant third party, no 
facts have been omitted which would render the reproduced information inaccurate or misleading.  
(4)
Application has been made to the Irish Stock Exchange for the Bearer Notes issued under the 
Programme to be admitted to the Official List and to be admitted to trading on the Irish Stock 
Exchange’s regulated market. The Programme also permits Book-entry Notes to be issued on the basis 
that they will be admitted to trading on AIAF. The Programme also permits Bearer Notes to be issued 
on the basis that they will be admitted to listing and trading on another EU MiFID Regulated Market, 
in each case, as may be agreed between the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s). 
(5)
The Issuer has obtained all necessary consents, approvals and authorisations in Spain in connection 
with the update of the Programme. The establishment of the Programme was authorised by resolutions 
of the board of directors of the Issuer, dated 4 October 2016. The update of the Programme was 
authorised by resolutions of the board of directors of the Issuer, dated 12 May 2021.
(6)
There has been no significant change in the financial position or financial performance of the Group 
since 31 March 2021 and no material adverse change in the prospects of the Issuer since 31 December 
2020. 
(7)
There were no governmental, legal or arbitration proceedings (including any such proceedings which 
are pending or threatened of which the Issuer is aware) during the 12 months preceding the date of this 
Base Prospectus which may have, or have had in the recent past, significant effects on the Issuer or the 
Group’s financial position or profitability. 
(8)
The appropriate Common Code and the International Securities Identification Number (ISIN) in 
relation to the Notes of each Tranche will be specified in the relevant Final Terms. 
(9)
Each Bearer Note having a maturity of more than one year, Coupon and Talon will bear the following 
legend: “Any United States person who holds this obligation will be subject to limitations under the 
United States income tax laws, including the limitations provided in Sections 165(j) and 1287(a) of the 
Internal Revenue Code”. 
(10)
Bearer Notes have been accepted for clearance through the Euroclear and Clearstream, Luxembourg.  
The relevant Final Terms shall specify any other clearing system as shall have accepted the relevant 
Notes for clearance together with any further appropriate information.  
(11)
The address of Euroclear is 1 Boulevard du Roi Albert II, B-1210 Brussels, Belgium and the address of 
Clearstream, Luxembourg is 42 Avenue JF Kennedy, L-1855 Luxembourg. The address of any 
alternative clearing system will be specified in the applicable Final Terms. 
(12)
The Common Code, any other relevant code and (where applicable) the identification number for any 
other relevant clearing system for each Series of Notes will be set out in the relevant Final Terms. 
(13)
The Legal Entity Identifier (LEI) code of the Issuer is 9580020140005007414.

--- Page 170 ---
- 170 -
(14)
The Issuer’s website is www.inmocolonial.com. Unless specifically incorporated into this Base 
Prospectus, information contained on this website or any other website referred to in this Base 
Prospectus, does not form part of this prospectus and has not been scrutinised or approved by the 
Central Bank.  
(15)
There are no material contracts entered into other than in the ordinary course of the Issuer’s business, 
which could result in any member of the Issuer’s Group being under an obligation or entitlement that is 
material to the Issuer’s ability to meet its obligations to Noteholders in respect of the Notes being 
issued. 
(16)
Where information in this Base Prospectus has been sourced from third parties, this information has 
been accurately reproduced and as far as the Issuer is aware and is able to ascertain from the 
information published by such third parties no facts have been omitted which would render the 
reproduced information inaccurate or misleading. The source of third party information is identified 
where used.  
(17)
Notes may be issued at any price. The issue price of each Tranche of Notes to be issued under the 
Programme will be determined by the Issuer and the relevant Dealer(s) at the time of issue in 
accordance with prevailing market conditions and the issue price of the relevant Notes or the method 
of determining the price and the process for its disclosure will be set out in the applicable Final Terms. 
In the case of different Tranches of a Series of Notes, the issue price may include accrued interest in 
respect of the period from the interest commencement date of the relevant Tranche (which may be the 
issue date of the first Tranche of the Series or, if interest payment dates have already passed, the most 
recent interest payment date in respect of the Series) to the issue date of the relevant Tranche. The 
yield of each Tranche of Notes set out in the applicable Final Terms will be calculated as of the 
relevant issue date on an annual or semi-annual basis using the relevant issue price. It is not an 
indication of future yield. The Issuer does not intend to provide any post-issuance information in 
relation to any issues of Notes. 
(18)
The Issuer’s current appointed auditor is PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L, located at Paseo de 
la Castellana 259B, Madrid, 28046, Spain. PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. has audited the 
Issuer’s audited consolidated annual accounts, prepared in accordance with IFRS-EU, as of and for the 
year ended 31 December 2019 and 31 December 2020, and has issued unqualified audit reports. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. is a member of the Registro Oficial de Auditores de Cuentas
under number S0242.  
(19)
The Dealers have not separately verified the information contained in this Base Prospectus. To the 
fullest extent permitted by law, none of the Dealers or the Arranger makes any representation, express 
or implied, or accepts any responsibility for the contents of this Base Prospectus (including the 
information contained in this Base Prospectus), the accuracy or completeness of any of the information 
in this Base Prospectus or for any other statement, made or purported to be made by the Arranger or a 
Dealer or on its behalf in connection with the Issuer or the issue and offering of the Notes. The 
Arranger and each Dealer accordingly disclaims all and any liability whether arising in tort or contract 
or otherwise (save as referred to above) which it might otherwise have in respect of this Base 
Prospectus or any such statement. Neither this Base Prospectus nor any other financial statements are 
intended to provide the basis of any credit or other evaluation and should not be considered as a 
recommendation by any of the Issuer, the Arranger or the Dealers that any recipient of this Base 
Prospectus or any other financial statements should purchase the Notes. Each potential purchaser of 
Notes should determine for itself the relevance of the information contained in this Base Prospectus 
and its purchase of Notes should be based upon such investigation as it deems necessary. None of the 
Dealers or the Arranger undertakes to review the financial condition or affairs of the Issuer during the 
life of the arrangements contemplated by this Base Prospectus nor to advise any investor or potential 
investor in the Notes of any information coming to the attention of any of the Dealers or the Arranger. 
(20)
Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates have engaged, and may in the future engage, in investment 
banking and/or commercial banking transactions with and may perform services to the Issuer and/or its 
affiliates in the ordinary course of business. Certain of the Dealers and their affiliates may have 
positions, deal or make markets in the Notes issued under the Programme, related derivatives and 
reference obligations, including (but not limited to) entering into hedging strategies on behalf of the 
Issuer and its affiliates, investor clients, or as principal in order to manage their exposure, their general 
market risk, or other trading activities. In addition, in the ordinary course of their business activities,

--- Page 171 ---
- 171 -
the Dealers and their affiliates may make or hold a broad array of investments and actively trade debt 
and equity securities (or related derivative securities) and financial instruments (including bank loans) 
for their own account and for the accounts of their customers. Such investments and securities 
activities may involve securities and/or instruments of the Issuer or any of its affiliates. Certain of the 
Dealers or their affiliates that have a lending relationship with the Issuer routinely hedge their credit 
exposure to the Issuer consistent with their customary risk management policies. Typically, such 
Dealers and their affiliates would hedge such exposure by entering into transactions which consist of 
either the purchase of credit default swaps or the creation of short positions in securities, including 
potentially the Notes issued under the Programme. Any such short positions could adversely affect 
future trading prices of Notes issued under the Programme. The Dealers and their affiliates may also 
make investment recommendations and/or publish or express independent research views in respect of 
such securities or financial instruments and may hold, or recommend to clients that they acquire, long 
and/or short positions in such securities and instruments. 
(21)
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited is acting solely in its capacity as listing agent for the Issuer in 
relation to Notes issued under the Programme and is not itself seeking admission of Notes issued under 
Programme to the Official List of Euronext Dublin or to trading on the regulated market of Euronext 
Dublin for the purposes of the Prospectus Regulation. 
(22)
For the period of 12 months following the date of this Base Prospectus, copies of the following 
documents will, when published, be available for inspection on the Issuer’s website at 
https://www.inmocolonial.com/en/shareholders-investors/fixed-income or in the case of the documents 
listed at (ii) below, in physical form during usual business hours on any weekday (Saturdays and 
public holidays excepted) at the registered office of the Issuer: 
(i)
the Articles of Association of Colonial; 
(ii)
the Agency Agreement and the Spanish Agency Agreement; 
(iii)
the Deed of Covenant and the Book-entry Deed of Covenant; 
(iv)
the documents listed under “Documents Incorporated by Reference”; 
(v)
this Base Prospectus and any supplement to it; and 
(vi)
each Final Terms (save that Final Terms relating to Notes which are neither admitted to 
trading on a EU MiFID Regulated Market nor offered in the EEA in circumstances where a 
prospectus is required to be published under the Prospectus Regulation will only be available 
for inspection by a holder of such Notes and such holder must produce evidence satisfactory 
to the Issuer as to its holding of such Note and identity). 
The information referred to in paragraph (v) is also available on the Issuer’s website - see “Documents 
Incorporated by Reference”. The information referred to in item (vii) will also be available, in the case 
of Final Terms in respect of Book-entry Notes listed on the AIAF, on the website of the CNMV 
(www.cnmv.es) and, in the case of Final Terms in respect of Bearer Notes listed on Euronext Dublin, on 
the website of Euronext Dublin (https://live.euronext.com). This Base Prospectus and any supplement 
to this Base Prospectus will also be available, in electronic format, on the website of Euronext Dublin 
(https://live.euronext.com).

--- Page 172 ---
- 172 -
CERTAIN TERMS AND CONVENTIONS 
As used in this Base Prospectus:  
“2020 Consolidated Management Report” refers to the Issuer’s consolidated management report for the year 
ended 31 December 2020 in connection with the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2020;
“2019 Consolidated Management Report” refers to the Issuer’s consolidated management report for the year 
ended 31 December 2019 in connection with the Issuer’s audited consolidated financial statements for the year 
ended 31 December 2019;
“Arranger” refers to BNP Paribas;
“BD” refers to Business District;
“CBI” or “Central Bank” refers to the Central Bank of Ireland;
“Conditions” means, in relation to the Bearer Notes, the conditions set forth in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Bearer Notes” and, in relation to the Book-entry Notes, the conditions set forth in “Terms and Conditions of the 
Book-entry Notes”;
“Dealers” refers to the Permanent Dealers and all persons appointed as dealers in respect of one or more Tranches; 
“EEA” refers to the European Economic Area;
“EPRA” refers to the European Public Real Estate Association;
“EPRA Occupancy” refers to the economic occupancy calculated according to EPRA recommendations (occupied 
surface areas multiplied by the market rental prices divided by surfaces in operation at market rental prices);
“EPRA NAV” refers to the net asset value of our Issuer’s equity adjusting specific items following EPRA 
recommendations;
“Financial Statements” refers to the Issuer’s audited consolidated annual accounts for the years ended 31 
December 2020 and 31 December 2019;
“Gross Financial Indebtedness” is calculated as the sum of the total bank borrowings plus bonds and similar 
securities issued (excluding interest and debt arrangement expenses));
“IFRS EU” refers to the International Financial Reporting Standards, as adopted by the European Union;
“Loan to Value” is calculated as consolidated net debt, excluding committed cash divided by gross asset 
valuation);
“Occupancy Rate” refers to the percentage of surfaces in operation of our Property Portfolio that are occupied;
“Permanent Dealers” refers to Banco de Sabadell, S.A., Bankinter, S.A., Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, BNP 
Paribas, BofA Securities Europe SA, CaixaBank, S.A., Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank, Deutsche 
Bank Aktiengesellschaft, J.P. Morgan AG, Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A., NATIXIS, NatWest 
Markets N.V., Société Générale and Unicaja Banco, S.A. and such additional persons that are appointed as dealers 
in respect of the whole Programme;
 “Property Portfolio” refers to the Issuer’s consolidated portfolio of properties;
“RICS” refers to the Royal Institute of Chartered Surveyors; 
“SFL” refers to Société Foncière Lyonnaise S.A.; and 
“VAT” refers to value added tax.

--- Page 173 ---
- 173 -
REGISTERED/HEAD OFFICE OF THE ISSUER
Inmobiliaria Colonial, SOCIMI, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 52 
Madrid 
Spain 
ARRANGER 
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France
DEALERS 
Banco de Sabadell, S.A. 
Avenida Óscar Esplá 37  
03007 Alicante 
Spain
Bankinter, S.A. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 29 
28046 Madrid 
Spain 
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC 
One Molesworth Street 
Dublin 2 
D02RF29 
Ireland
BNP Paribas 
16, boulevard des Italiens  
75009 Paris  
France
BofA Securities Europe SA 
51 Rue la Boétie 
75008 Paris 
France
 CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4 
46002 Valencia 
Spain
Crédit Agricole Corporate and Investment Bank 
12, Place des États-Unis 
CS 70052 
92 547 Montrouge Cedex 
France
Deutsche Bank Aktiengesellschaft
Mainzer Landstr. 11-17  
60329 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
J.P. Morgan AG
Taunustor 1 (TaunusTurm) 
60310 Frankfurt am Main 
Germany
Mediobanca – Banca di Credito Finanziario S.p.A. 
Piazzetta Enrico Cuccia 1 
20121 Milan 
Italy 
NATIXIS 
47, quai d’Austerlitz 
75013 Paris 
France
NatWest Markets N.V. 
Claude Debussylaan 94 
Amsterdam 1082 MD 
The Netherlands 
Société Générale 
29, Boulevard Haussmann 
75009 Paris 
France
Unicaja Banco, S.A. 
Avenida de Andalucía 10-12 
Málaga, 
Spain

--- Page 174 ---
- 174 -
FISCAL AGENT 
SPANISH PAYING AGENT 
Deutsche Bank AG, London Branch
Winchester House  
1 Great Winchester Street  
London EC2N 2DB  
United Kingdom
CaixaBank, S.A. 
Calle del Pintor Sorolla, 2-4
46002 Valencia 
Spain 
LISTING AGENT 
Arthur Cox Listing Services Limited 
Ten Earlsfort Terrace 
Dublin 2 
Ireland
LEGAL ADVISERS 
To the Issuer 
as to English and Spanish law
To the Issuer 
as to Spanish law
Freshfields Bruckhaus Deringer Rechtsanwälte 
Steuerberater PartG mbB, Sucursal en España 
de Sociedad Profesional 
Torre Europa
Paseo de la Castellana, 95  
28046 Madrid  
Spain
Ramón y Cajal Abogados, S.L.P. 
Almagro, 16-18 
28010 Madrid 
Spain
To the Dealers 
as to English and Spanish law
Clifford Chance, S.L.P.U. 
Paseo de la Castellana, 110 
28046 Madrid 
Spain
ISSUER’S AUDITORS 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Auditores, S.L. 
Paseo de la Castellana 259 B  
28046, Madrid 
Spain